START on what date did the space race begin? END
START sputnik 1 started orbiting on what date? END
START who was the first person in space? END
START what was the date that the first human reached space? END
START which war in history did the space race begin to take root? END
START a secretive army installation began in kummersdorf-west in what year? END
START during wwii, who was in charge of the german army's rocket program? END
START what was the first object to enter space? END
START when did the aggregate-4 (a-4) rocket reach space? END
START what military operation allowed the us to recruit the german engineer, von braun? END
START the us had captured what type of missiles during operation paperclip? END
START the german rocket center was located in what city? END
START who was in charge of the soviet rocket engineer team that went into germany? END
START what year was sergei korolev arrested? END
START sergei korolev died in what year? END
START after the war, sergei korolev was known under what title? END
START what year was the r1 rocket born? END
START what professor began working on solid-fuel rockets since 1914? END
START liquid-fueled rockets were developed in what year? END
START the  united states army's white sands proving ground is located where? END
START von braun and his associates were sent to  united states army's white sands proving ground in what year? END
START the first two-stage rocket was developed in what year? END
START the army's new redstone arsenal is located in what city and state? END
START what year was the german rocket team moved to alabama? END
START what year did the us lose its monopoly to the atomic bomb? END
START what type of bomb was first developed during the cold war? END
START icbms is an abbreviation for what? END
START the sac is an abbreviation for what us force? END
START during what decade, did a fear of communism oversweep the us? END
START how many casualties did the soviet union have during wwii? END
START the soviet union was first invaded by nazi controlled germany in what year? END
START until what year, was the us the sole possessor of the atomic bomb? END
START in what year did stalin order the development of icbms? END
START what type of military force did the us possess a much larger fleet than the soviet union? END
START who began developing the  r-7 semyorka rocket? END
START  r-7 semyorka rocket resembled closely to what other missile? END
START when was the r-7 semyorka rocket tested successfully? END
START the first satellite launched into space used what rocket? END
START the us air force began research of icbms in what year? END
START what type of rocket was first researched by the air force? END
START the mx-774 was tested in what year? END
START the air force pgm-11 redstone rocket family was tested where? END
START the atlas-a first launched on what date? END
START who was president dwight d. eisenhower's press secretary? END
START the starting date for the space race was which date? END
START a jupiter-c was launched by von braum on what date? END
START the civilian rocket and satellite project in the us was called what? END
START project vanguard launch failed on what date? END
START cape canaveral air force station is located in what state? END
START in response to project vanguard's failed launch, what was the rocket the soviet union launched? END
START the first us satellite to launch without failure was on what date? END
START the explorer gathered what 3 measurements? END
START who was the senate's majority leader in 1958? END
START the national aeronautics and space act was established in what year? END
START what was nasa called before it became nasa? END
START the first us satellite was launched on what date? END
START the redstone arsenal became the george c. marshall space flight center when? END
START who was the first director in charge of the george c. marshall space flight center? END
START how many attempts to the moon did luna e-1-class probes fail before successfully launching? END
START the first probe to land on the moon was in what year? END
START which luna probe successfully photographed the back side of the moon? END
START the ranger program from 1959 was managed by what organization? END
START the first spacecraft to make it to the moon was what? END
START the first ranger mission that didn't fail was which one? END
START the block iii ranger 7 mission successfully reached the moon on what date? END
START what program led to the establishment of the ranger program? END
START which country succesfully launched the first person into space in 1961? END
START the first ship to carry a human through space was called what? END
START how long did yuri gagarin orbit the earth in the spacecraft? END
START april 12, in the ussr, is what special day? END
START what year was established as the international day of human space flight by the united nations? END
START man in space soonest was a program by which organization? END
START man in space soonest was reestablished as what in november 26, 1958? END
START the first american to travel into space was whom? END
START when did alan shepard first arrive in space? END
START the spaceship that carried alan shepard was named what? END
START the first person to have control over driving their spacecraft was whom? END
START which president awarded alan shepard the nasa distinguished service medal? END
START president kennedy sent a letter on april 20, 1961 to who about the us's space program? END
START the speech by kennedy, "special message on urgent national needs" was delivered on what date? END
START "we choose to go to the moon" speech was given at what location in texas? END
START the first american to orbit around the planet was whom? END
START when did john glenn orbit the earth? END
START where did john glenn land on earth after coming back from orbit? END
START john glenn's spaceship was named what when he orbited the earth? END
START how many more mercury missions were there after john glenn's? END
START what first person from the ussr controlled their own spacecraft? END
START gherman titov from the ussr drove his own spacecraft on what date? END
START radio communication was possible between which two spacecrafts in august 11 and 12, 1962? END
START the first woman that went into space was whom? END
START what spacecraft carried  valentina tereshkova, the first woman in space? END
START the first woman to launch into space was on what date? END
START the first woman to go into space was from which country? END
START at what event was the vostok spaceship first displayed to the public ? END
START when did us president john f. kennedy, in a speech, propose to join forces to reach the moon with the ussr? END
START president kennedy was killed when? END
START how did us president kennedy die? END
START what two locations in florida were renamed after kennedy by president johnson? END
START which two space programs were heavily worked on by president johnson? END
START what year was the gemini project confirmed? END
START how many people could the gemini project carry? END
START on what date was the first successful three man astronaut crew? END
START the first flight in a spacecraft that allowed no suits to be worn inside was was? END
START the us apollo command module flew without spacesuits in what year? END
START korolev died on what date? END
START the voskhod 2 carrying two humans was launched on what date? END
START who was the first person to take a spacewalk? END
START which of two voskhod 2's occupants was almost killed? END
START project gemini helped recruit experienced people for which upcoming lunar missions? END
START who created the circumlunar program called zond? END
START which type of craft were two astronauts to fly in during zond? END
START the "lunniy korabl" or "lk" would carry how many people? END
START the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space was established in what year? END
START the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space was created by what organization in 1959? END
START a problem was resolved by whom when both the us and the ussr supported a cooperative space program? END
START the cooperative space program was passed on what date? END
START the treaty on principles governing the activities of states in the exploration and use of outer space was signed by three countries on what date? END
START both crews were killed on which spacecraft missions in 1967? END
START the outer space treaty was signed by the us and the ussr on what date? END
START what was the cause of the fire that killed everyone on the first apollo mission before launch? END
START who were the three people who died on the first apollo mission before launch? END
START who was the person credited with the first in-flight space death? END
START when did vladimir komarov die on impact from his spacecraft crash? END
START apollo 7 launched from earth on what date? END
START who was in charge of the apollo 7 mission on board? END
START the soyuz 3 began its mission to space on what date? END
START when was the first successful docking of a two man space crew? END
START which two space missions were the first to successfully dock each other? END
START where was the zond 4 over when it was destroyed by an explosion? END
START the first successful water landing in the indian ocean by the soviets was was when? END
START what animal was carried aboard the  zond 5? END
START the first lunar module was delayed to what date? END
START which three people were the first to ride the saturn v rocket into space? END
START what date did frank borman, james lovell, and william anders leave earth on the apollo 8 mission? END
START during what holiday, was the apollo 8 mission broadcast from orbit? END
START which ocean did the apolo 8 mission land in? END
START how close to the ground was the lunar module in may 1969 during its landing test? END
START the lunar module completed its first low earth orbit on what date? END
START the soviet, n1 rocket exploded and was destroyed on what date? END
START apollo 11 mission was to land where on the moon? END
START when did the apollo 11 mission launch? END
START what state did the saturn v rocket launch from? END
START when was the crew chosen to participate on the apollo 11 mission? END
START how long did the trip to the moon last for the crew of the apollo 11? END
START the lunar module of the apollo 11 was named after what animal? END
START who was the first human to take a step on the moon? END
START at what time on earth did armstrong first step onto the moon? END
START how many people saw the first step onto the moon? END
START when did they launch from the moon to reattach to the columbia? END
START when did the apollo 11 mission land back on earth? END
START where did the apollo 11 mission land back on earth? END
START when was the second landing on the moon successful? END
START when did the apollo 14 mission land successfully? END
START apollo 15 landed on the moon on what date? END
START on what date was the apollo 16 successful on landing on the moon? END
START apollo 17 landed on the moon on which date? END
START which year did the ussr cancel the n1 rocket program after two failures that didn't launch? END
START the ussr launched their first space station on what date? END
START who made up the crew of the soyuz 11? END
START the station, salyut 1, came back to earth on which date? END
START how long did the station, salyut 1, stay in orbit? END
START why did the durable orbital station-2 not reach orbit? END
START the skylab 1 was launched on which date? END
START how much did the skylab 1 weigh? END
START when did the skylab 1 finally come back to earth? END
START which two world leaders had negotiations that relieved the cold war? END
START when did president nixon and brezhnev of the ussr end the cold war? END
START astp stands for what? END
START which soyuz mission in december 1974 was to be used for the astp? END
START soyuz 19 took off from earth on what date? END
START what year did the ussr disband? END
START which russian rocket carries passengers to and from the international space station? END
START the united states' national defense education act was established in what year? END
START what do people typically call a web browser? END
START what platform is a browser used on? END
START what does url mean? END
START what allows a person to direct their browser to a resource? END
START what is the definition of the world wide web? END
START what helps identify the www? END
START what are examples of the www? END
START what does content present in applications help users do? END
START what is something that identifies how a video plays in a software application? END
START the primary function of a browser is to use what? END
START in addition to accessing the internet, browsers can also access info that is put there by web servers in what? END
START a browser can also access files where? END
START what can information access when used? END
START what are private networks primarily intended to use? END
START where are browsers located? END
START where is a browser so you are able to find it later? END
START the primary function of file systems is to use what? END
START when was the first browser created? END
START who invented the first browser? END
START what was berners-lee a director of? END
START what organization did berners-lee create? END
START when did sir tim berners le invent the www? END
START what was the w3c later renamed? END
START what does wordwideweb oversee? END
START what group did nexus start? END
START what did nexus invent in 1990? END
START who released mosaic? END
START when was mosaic released? END
START when andreessen left the company he worked for, what new company did he start? END
START what browser did andreessen release in 1994? END
START what did the world wide web help release in the 1990's? END
START what did the release of mosaic in 1994 by ncsa lead to? END
START what company was started by mosaic? END
START when was the ncsa navigator released by mosaic? END
START what percentage of web use did mosaic have at its peak in 1993? END
START who released the internet explorer browser? END
START when did microsoft release internet explorer? END
START the release of internet explorer started the first what? END
START what was bundled with internet explorer? END
START when did microsoft release mosaic? END
START what did microsoft releasing mosaic cause? END
START what was mosaic bundled with? END
START what did mosaic gain after it was released by microsoft? END
START by what percentage was mosaic being used in 1995? END
START opera was introduced in what year? END
START what accounted for 1.1% of browser use in april 2011? END
START opera focused on which quickly growing market? END
START opera is also available on which video game console? END
START what program debuted in february 2012? END
START when was the nintendo wii introduced? END
START what market did nintendo focus on to expand its use? END
START how has usage of the nintendo wii been shown over time? END
START how many game consoles has nintendo sold? END
START what did netscape launch in 1998? END
START netscape wanted to have a competitive browser using what? END
START what was the resulting browser for the mozilla foundation? END
START when was firefox released? END
START what did firefox launch in 1998? END
START how much usage share did netscape have in 1998? END
START at what point did open source software gain popularity? END
START what software model was released in 1998? END
START what percentage of the open source model did netscape have shortly after release? END
START when was the first beta release for safari? END
START who created safari? END
START when was apple founded? END
START when did web browsers become active? END
START when did the browser market become dominant in software? END
START how much software was released by safari in january 2003? END
START when did the entire browser market begin beta release of software? END
START which browser is the newest to enter the field? END
START when was chrome released? END
START as chrome usage increases, which browser usage has continued to decrease? END
START when did chrome become more used than all versions of internet explorer? END
START in what year was internet explorer released? END
START by how much did ie double its usage share? END
START when did internet explorer 8 overtake chrome as the more popular browser? END
START what was ie's increase in usage percentage in august 2011? END
START when did the usage of ie surpass all versions of chrome combined? END
START what was bundled for free with the windows os? END
START internet explorer was partially funded in what two ways? END
START what other os could use internet explorer? END
START what program was bundled free with java? END
START what helped to partly fund java? END
START for what os was java formerly available for? END
START why was java available for the mac? END
START in what other way did java contribute to windows and microsoft application sales? END
START who investigated the bundling of the ie browser with windows os? END
START when did the european commission say they would investigate the bundling? END
START the commission felt that bundling the browser with windows computers harmed what? END
START the commission felt that the bundling undermined what? END
START what would microsoft investigate in january 2009? END
START in what year was microsoft investigating the european commission? END
START what did the commission undermine according to microsoft? END
START what was reduced by the commission according to microsoft? END
START what action is harmed by the commision according to microsoft? END
START what browser was automatically included with os x? END
START what are mobile devices included with? END
START what were sales of apple computers funded by? END
START what was apple originally funded by? END
START what did apple customers provide to apple? END
START what do the os x and i os provide? END
START which company pays firefox to make their search engine the default on their browser? END
START what other browser has google as the default search engine? END
START the increased revenue funds what, in addition to google? END
START why do web browsers pay search engine companies? END
START why does mozilla pay google? END
START what lets google not charge users for using chrome? END
START what increases ad revenue for firefox? END
START what funds development at mozilla? END
START what is the main use of a browser? END
START what is the primary purpose of a computer having access? END
START how does display rendering function? END
START how does an os access other information? END
START what lets an os see information? END
START what lets an os find other information? END
START what does url stand for? END
START what is the determining factor in how a url will be interpreted? END
START what does http stand for? END
START what does ftp stand for? END
START a news: prefix is given to the user's what? END
START what does the prefix of the default newsgroup reader determine? END
START what does the most common form of local file start with? END
START what does a common browser identify? END
START what happens to newsgroup readers the web browser can't handle directly? END
START where are ftp's passed on to? END
START what is it called when content is changed from markup to an interactive document? END
START browsers typically have plug-ins to support what? END
START browsers have you save to disk so they can support what? END
START what is it called when resources are changed from being unsupported to being downloaded? END
START what files can be displayed when a file is unsupported? END
START what unsupported content can resources display that is part of a webpage? END
START what process happens to plug-ins saved to disk? END
START what can resources have to connect to other resources? END
START how does a user read uri? END
START why does a computer create hyperlinks? END
START what happens when a hyperlink is created? END
START what makes a computer take longer to find information? END
START what happens when a user can't find information? END
START features on a browser can range from minimal with little support to what? END
START when a browser includes a lot of extras, it can be referred to as what? END
START what does irc stand for? END
START what are some features that irc has? END
START what are irc's sometimes referred to as? END
START what are some features of html? END
START what are some extra features included in irc? END
START what does e-mail also support? END
START what does not allow windows to pop up without consent? END
START what do all pop-up blockers allow in a window? END
START what can be open without the user's consent in a window? END
START where do unwanted windows open in a browser? END
START where do browsers allow pop-ups to open? END
START what do information resources allow to pop-up in a window? END
START a computer program that continues the functionality of a browser is called what? END
START what extends development of computer functionality? END
START why does a computer create a browser extension? END
START what does making a computer program support? END
START what does every computer program support? END
START what happens when a computer program is created? END
START a list of websites a user can click to get back to easy have been what by the user? END
START what are "bookmarks" called in internet explorer? END
START the top browsers have a built-in what? END
START firefox does web feeds as what? END
START the opera feed reader is more what? END
START what are live bookmarks called in opera? END
START what is built in to all bookmarks? END
START how do bookmarks behave in ie? END
START how are feed aggregators formatted as in opera? END
START what kind of web pages are included in ie? END
START http secure is supported by what? END
START cache, download history, cookies, browsing and what else can be quickly deleted in browsers? END
START a comparison of browser must be seen to know what? END
START what do most cookies support? END
START what does comparing browsing history show about your computer? END
START what does comparison of web browsers offer you to do quickly? END
START how do you know if your web cache is secure? END
START what do most web browser comparisons support? END
START quick development of what kind of browsers led to non-standard html dialects? END
START non-standard dialects led to what? END
START modern browser support standards-based and defacto what? END
START html and xhtml should be what by all browsers? END
START what did early xhtml support? END
START what did the rapid development of modern web browsers lead to? END
START what problems arose after the development of modern web browsers? END
START how should non-standard dialects be treated by all browsers? END
START what are two things that a simple html version supports? END
START a user interface, ui backend, layout engine and other things are part of what? END
START the layout engine, rendering engine, user interface and other things are components that offer different what of web browsers? END
START what are two things that make up a ui backend? END
START what does a javascript interpreter achieve in a layout engine? END
START what do a rendering engine and a user interface create when only used with each other? END
START what parts of a layout engine make up a data persistence component? END
START what does a user interface achieve when part of a ui backend? END
START what is the beidou navigation satellite system? END
START how many satellite constellations does the beidou navigation satellite system have? END
START what are the two satellite constellations? END
START how long has the limited test system been operating? END
START how is the beidou navigation satellite system written in traditional chinese? END
START what is the limited navigation satellite system? END
START the beidou navigation satellite system consists of 3 separate what?  END
START what type of system has been operating since 2010? END
START which system is no longer under construction? END
START what was the first beidou system called? END
START who does the beidou-1 operate for? END
START what is another name for the beidou satellite navigation experimental system? END
START how many satellites does the beidou-1 have? END
START how long has the beidou-1 been operating? END
START which system has been offering services to customers in china since 1997? END
START what system is also known as beidou-2? END
START beidou-1 consists of 7 satellites and offers what?  END
START what system offers services to customers in and around peru? END
START what is the name of the second generation of bds? END
START what is another name for the beidou navigation satellite system? END
START how many satellites will the beidou-2 have? END
START when did the beidou-2 begin construction? END
START when did the beidou-2 begin operating? END
START which system is under construction until may 2017?  END
START which system is also known as companion or beidou-23? END
START which system has been operating in china since december 2012? END
START beidou-1 has how many satellites in use? END
START beidou-2 began offering services to customers in south america in what year? END
START when did china begin constructing the third beidou system? END
START what is the third beidou system called? END
START when was the first bds-3 satellite launched? END
START how many bds-3 satellites have been launched? END
START which system did china start building in march of 2017? END
START which satellite was first launched on september 27th, 2015? END
START as of which month during 2016 were there 17 bds-3 satellites in orbit? END
START when did africa begin constructing the third beidou system? END
START how many bds-20 satellites have been launched? END
START how long ago was the beidou satellite system first launched? END
START how much revenue for companies is generated by the bds system? END
START what are some companies that profit from the bds system? END
START how long ago was the bluedynamite satellite system first launched? END
START how much revenue for companies is generated by the abc system? END
START what are some companies that experience losses from the bds system? END
START 17 years after it's launch, how much does the satellite system generate in profit? END
START what is the beidou navigation satellite system named after? END
START what is the big dipper constellation known as in chinese? END
START what does běidǒu translate as? END
START who named the constellation běidǒu? END
START what was the běidǒu constellation used for? END
START which satellite system is named after the little dipper? END
START what is the big dipper constellation known as in japanese? END
START what does yuèliàng translate as? END
START what was the little dipper constellation used for? END
START ancient anthropologists named the constellation what? END
START who first came up with the idea for a chinese satellite navigation system? END
START when did chen fangyun come up with the idea for a satellite navigation system? END
START the china national space administration said the satellite navigation system would be developed in how many steps? END
START who first came up with the idea for a japanese satellite navigation system? END
START when did chen fangyun come up with the idea for an ocean navigation system? END
START the american national space administration said the satellite navigation system would be developed in how many steps? END
START what idea did chen fangyun come up with in 1924? END
START who said the system would be developed in four total steps? END
START what was the name of the first satellite launched for the system? END
START when was beidou-1a launched? END
START what was the name of the third satellite launched for the system? END
START what was the purpose of launching the beidou-1c satellite? END
START when was the beidou-1c satellite launched? END
START what was the name of the eighth satellite launched for the system? END
START when was beidou-1d launched? END
START what was the name of the third submarine launched for the system? END
START when was the beidou-1c rocket launched? END
START the unsuccessful launch of beidou-1e happened when? END
START when did china announce service plans for the beidou system? END
START what was the accuracy range that china promised to offer in 2008 with the beidou system? END
START what was the timing and speed that china promised to offer in 2008 with the beidou system? END
START china would offer a closed service with an accuracy of what? END
START japan announced what on november 2nd, 2006?  END
START japan promised a timing speed of what with its open service? END
START japan promised a speed of what with its open service? END
START china announced what on november 22nd, 2006?  END
START when was the fourth satellite for the beidou-1 system launched? END
START what is the name of the fourth beidou-1 satellite? END
START what is the beidou-1d satellite sometimes called? END
START what is the purpose of the beidou-1d satellite? END
START what happened to the beidou-1d satellite that needed to be repaired? END
START in which month of 2007 was the fifth satellite for the beidou-1 system launched? END
START what is the official name of the fifth beidou-2 satellite? END
START which satellite serves as a front-end satellite? END
START which satellite is sometimes called beidou-2c? END
START according to reports, the satellite had issues with what system and was never fully restored? END
START when was the first satellite for the beidou-2 system launched? END
START what is the the first satellite for the beidou-2 system called? END
START when was the second satellite for the beidou-2 system launched? END
START when was the third satellite for the beidou-2 system launched? END
START beidou-x was put into orbit during which month of 2007? END
START beidou-z was put into orbit during which month of 2007? END
START beidou-y33 was put into orbit during which month of 2007? END
START beijang-x was put into orbit during which month of 2007? END
START sweidou-x was put into orbit during which month of 2007? END
START how much was china going to invest in the european galileo positioning system project? END
START in 2003, what was the planned purpose of the beidou navigation system? END
START when did china join the galileo project? END
START when was china galileo industries (cgi) founded? END
START who said in 2008 that china was unsatisfied with its involvement in the galileo project? END
START in january 2015, china was set to invest how much in galileo over the following years? END
START how many million usd is equivalent to 160 million rupees?  END
START which agreement did japan sign to join the galileo project officially? END
START which program says cgi founded in 2008?  END
START by april of 2006, how many cooperation projects between japan and eu had been signed? END
START what is the beidou-1? END
START the beidou-1 is made up of how may satellites? END
START how many satellites in the beidou-1 system is used for back up? END
START what were the beidou-1 system satellites based on? END
START how much did each satellite for the beidou-1 system weigh? END
START which navigational system is regional and consists of five satellites?  END
START the launch weight of what was over 3,000 pounds?  END
START beidou-1 consists of four working satellites and how many backups? END
START beidou-1 consists of four backup satellites and how many working satellites? END
START which navigational system is national and consists of four satellites?  END
START what type of satellites does the american gps system use? END
START what type of satellites does the beidou-1 system use? END
START what is the purpose of the beidou-1 system using stallites in geostationary orbit? END
START what service area is covered by the beidou-1 system? END
START what is the frequency of the beidou-1 system? END
START beidou-1, along with american gps, use which type of satellites?  END
START beidou-1, along with russian glonass, use which type of satellites?  END
START beidou-1, along with european galileo systems, use which type of satellites?  END
START which is a frequency of the vehicular system? END
START although, beidou-1 uses medium earth orbit satellites, american gps systems use which kind? END
START when was the first satellite for the beidou-1 system launched? END
START what was the first satellite for the beidou-1 system called? END
START when was the second satellite for the beidou-1 system launched? END
START what was the second satellite for the beidou-1 system called? END
START when was the last satellite for the beidou-1 system launched? END
START in what year was the fifth and final satellite launched?  END
START in what month was the fourth and final satellite launched? END
START in what year was the first satellite, beidou-1c, launched? END
START in what month was the first satellite, beidou-1x, launched? END
START the second satellite was named beidou-12b and was launched in december of what year? END
START in 2007, what was the reported resolution of the beidou system? END
START what is the calibrated accuracy of the beidou system? END
START what is the uncalibrated accuracy of the beidou system? END
START who reported the resolution of the beidou system in 2007? END
START according to which news agency was the beidou resolution as high as .7 metres? END
START in 2008, the xinhuang news agency reported the resolution of the beidou system as how high? END
START there are no terminals, but the calibration accuracy is still what?  END
START according to which news agency was the beidou-1x monitor resolution as high as .08 metres? END
START what is the uncalibrated accuracy of the beidou second generation system? END
START how much did a beidou-1 ground terminal cost in 2008? END
START how much more did a beidou-1 ground terminal cost than a current gps terminal? END
START why is a beidou-1 ground terminal so expensive? END
START where was the elexcon fair held in 2009? END
START what was presented at the elexcon fair in 2009? END
START in what year was the price of a beidou-1 ground terminal $250 usd? END
START the price of the port was a result of the cost of what? END
START the price of what was a result of imported macro chips? END
START the price of what was a result of the price of motherboards? END
START where was there a terminal priced over cny2,000rmb? END
START who is the chief designer of the beidou navigation system? END
START what did sun jiadong have to say about the beidou navigation system? END
START who is sun jiadong? END
START who says that many organizations dislike the system? END
START moon jiadong says that many organizations have been doing what? END
START according to the ceo, how do many organizations feel about the system? END
START who is quoted as saying not many organizations have used the system? END
START what was the beidou-2 system previously known as? END
START how may satellites will the beidou-2 system have? END
START how many geostationary orbit satellites will the beidou-2 system have? END
START how many non-geostationary orbit satellites will the beidou-2 system have? END
START what is the purpose of the geostationary orbit satellites in the beidou-2 system? END
START what was beidou-3 formerly known as? END
START maps is the former name of which satellite? END
START which system will consist of 40 satellites?  END
START the old system will consist of how many non-geostationary satellites satellites? END
START what are the ranging signals of the beidou system based on? END
START what positioning levels will the beidou system offer? END
START where will the public service for the beidou system be available? END
START who designed the compass navigation system? END
START how many satellites will the compass navigation system use? END
START which signals are based on the abcd principle?  END
START the ranging signals have a simple structure and are based on which principle?  END
START the ranging signals, based on the galileo principle, have what type of structure? END
START who designed the compass international trade system?  END
START which system is the predecessor of the gnss system? END
START what types of services will be offered by the beidou system? END
START what is the range of accuracy for the free service offered to civilians? END
START what is the range of accuracy for the licensed service used by chinese government and military? END
START as of right now, who uses the licensed military service? END
START what is something the licensed military service can be used for? END
START aside from the charged service to civilians, what is the other level of service provided? END
START aside from the licensed service to japanese civilians, what is the other level of service provided? END
START the paid civilian service offers which features?  END
START the service licensed to japanese government has a location accuracy of what? END
START the paid civilian service has a location tracking accuracy of how many meters? END
START how many frequencies does the compass system use? END
START what are the four bands of frequencies used by the compass system called? END
START which frequency bands are most likely to cause issues of inter-system interference with the galileo system? END
START which bands are used by the galileo system for their public service? END
START according to international telecommunication union (itu) policies, who is given higher priority to a specific frequency band? END
START frequencies for compass overlap with genesis and are allocated in how many bands? END
START which countries satellites will transmit in e3 before galileo satellites? END
START which countries satellites will transmit in e3 before compass satellites? END
START frequencies for nasa are allocated in how many bands? END
START aside from b3, e1 and e34, what is the other band of frequency used by compass? END
START how much information about the compass system did chinese authorities release? END
START what is one thing launching the first compass satellite enable researchers to do? END
START what is another thing launching the first compass satellite enable researchers to do? END
START how much information  about the new system's signals was released by japanese authorities?  END
START what type of receiver did fbi researchers build? END
START the launch of the third compass satellite allowed for researchers to do what? END
START how much information did taiwanese authorities announce about the old system's signals? END
START when was the compass-m1 satellite launched? END
START what is the purpose of the compass-m1 satellite? END
START the purpose of the compass-m1 satellite is similar to the purpose of what other satellite? END
START what is the altitude of the compass-m1 satellite? END
START what is the inclination of the compass-m1 satellite? END
START compass-l1 is an experimental satellite launched during which month of 2007? END
START compass-l1 is an experimental satellite launched during which year? END
START compass-l1 is an experimental satellite launched on what day? END
START what satellites role is the compass-l3 similar to? END
START compass m-1 has a square orbit and an altitude of how many km? END
START what frequency bands does compass-m1 transmit in? END
START what is the phase shift of the sub-signals detected in each frequency band used by  compass-m1? END
START what are the two sub-signals in each frequency band referred to as? END
START what is the intended purpose of the "i" component? END
START what is the intended purpose of the "q" component? END
START in how many bands does nerf-m1 transmit in? END
START what bands does compass-m3 transmit in? END
START how many coherent sub-signals have been detected in each orbit? END
START which components have much shorter codes and are most likely intended for the restricted service? END
START iq modulation has been the only method in wired technology since how many years ago? END
START when did the investigation of the signals transmitted by compass -m1 begin? END
START what did engineers at cnes report in june 2007? END
START who reported the complete decoding of the “i” signals components? END
START who built the compass receiver? END
START what was the purpose of building the compass receiver? END
START in what month of 2008 was compass-m1 launched? END
START in march of what year was compass-m1 launched? END
START yale university researchers decoded what? END
START knowing the codes allowed stanford researchers to build which receiver?  END
START knowing the codes allowed stanford researchers to build the nerf receiver and report what?  END
START what is the difference between the "i" signals on e2 and e5b and the civilian codes of gps (l1-ca and l2c)? END
START which signals characteristics are usually similar to private military codes of gps? END
START compass signals are known to have lesser what? END
START the japanese notation can be found in which row on the table? END
START even though the chinese notation is the same, it can be found on which row of the table? END
START when did the compass system begin operation on a trial bases? END
START when did the compass system begin offering navigation, positioning and timing data to china and nearby locations? END
START what will improve the positioning accuracy of the compass system? END
START upon launching, the compass system, what was the location accuracy promised to users? END
START upon launching, the compass system, what was the speed promised to users? END
START during which month of 2013 did the system begin a trial operation? END
START in what year did the system finish its trial run? END
START the system began charging china and surrounding areas in what month? END
START during the trial period, within how many meters was the nsew system's positioning accuracy? END
START after official launch, the system declined to offer customers positioning information accurate to the nearest what? END
START when did the beidou-2 system start offering services? END
START where did the beidou-2 system start offering services in 2012? END
START at the time when beidou-2 system began offering services, what was the positioning data the system was able to provide? END
START during which month of 2015 did the beidou-3 system begin offering services to japan? END
START in october of what year did services for the asia-pacific region begin? END
START the system was able to provide positioning data between 55 e to 180 e longitude and ______ latitude?  END
START the system was able to provide positioning data between 55 s to 55 n latitude and ______ longitude? END
START where did the beidou-x system begin offering services in december of 2012? END
START when did the beidou system begin operating in china? END
START when is it projected that the global navigation system will be finished? END
START as of december 2012, how many satellites had been launched for the beidou-2 system? END
START of the 16 satellites launched for the beidou-2 system, how many are operational? END
START during which month of 2012 did the system begin operations in china? END
START during june of what year did the system begin operations in china? END
START in what month did the system begin operations in japan? END
START in what year did the system begin operations in japan? END
START how many satellites have been launched as of november, 2013? END
START when was the compass-m1 satellite launced? END
START how many satellites were launched from 2009-2011? END
START what was achieved by launching 9 additional satellites from 2009-2011? END
START how many satellites were launched since 2007? END
START when was the second satellite of the first generation system launched?  END
START when was the first satellite of the third generation launched? END
START how many satellites were removed from orbit during this time? END
START how many satellites were launched between 2005 and 2007? END
START what is the name of the second generation satellite of the first system? END
START when did the beidou system begin transitioning to global coverage? END
START how did the beidou system begin transitioning to global coverage? END
START during what year did the system begin transformation towards serving china only? END
START what did the system first launch in 2013? END
START in 2007, the system began transforming towards providing what type of coverage? END
START the system began its transition towards national coverage during which year? END
START when were the 18th and 19th satellites for the beidou system launched? END
START where were the 18th and 19th satellites for the beidou system launched from? END
START what were the 18th and 19th satellites for the beidou system launched with? END
START what is the expedition-1? END
START during which month of 2007 was the 18th satellite launched? END
START during which month of 2017 was the 19th satellite launched? END
START in which year was the 20th satellite launched? END
START where were the 2nd and 3rd satellites launched from? END
START this marked the third time china launched how many satellites at once?  END
START what will the three latest satellites provide after testing? END
START what kind of testing will be performed on the three latest satellites? END
START how many satellites will be used to test a new system of navigation signaling? END
START four of the newest satellites will undergo what? END
START the satellites will individually undergo testing of an old system of what? END
START the three newest terminals will start providing what type of services when ready? END
START how many satellites will undergo separate testing for new signaling units? END
START how many terminals will be undergo testing of the new system? END
START what is the name for the rules issued by the heads of the church? END
START in what type of religion are canon laws applicable? END
START which institutions make up the catholic church? END
START what body was first responsible for creating canon? END
START what does canon law consist of? END
START what is the name of rules made by lay people of the church? END
START what church is made up of the latin and western catholic churches END
START all religions are governed by what rules? END
START what was originally adopted by the pope? END
START throughout what three bodies is canon law interpreted the same way? END
START what is the greek term for canon? END
START what is the hebrew term for canon? END
START what is the arabic term meaning canon? END
START what is the common definition of the word canon as it appears in greek, arabic and hebrew? END
START which english term is derived from the same root as the greek, arabic and hebrew words for canon? END
START what is kanon the hebrew word for? END
START what is kaneh the greek word for? END
START how many ancient canons exist in the eastern church? END
START how many ancient canons exist in the western church? END
START what is another term for apostolic canons? END
START when was the first council of nicaea held? END
START what is the greek definition of κανὠν? END
START what does the western church have eighty-five of? END
START what does the eastern church have fifty of? END
START what is made up of a collection of ecclesiastical decrees and cannons? END
START what did the ante-nicene fathers call cannons? END
START what council met in 325 bc? END
START who enforces canon law in catholicism? END
START what is the name for the collection of formal rules in catholicism? END
START what does management of canon law aim to regulate? END
START what is canon law's purpose with respect to members of the catholic church? END
START in what church is canon law used to regulate internal organizations? END
START what mission this canon law directly activities of all christians towards? END
START what is the name of the collection of informal rules in catholicism? END
START what law is enforced by individual parishes? END
START what is another name for the collections of other catholic churches led by the supreme pontiff? END
START how many major rites exist? END
START who is the leader of the roman catholic church? END
START what term characterizes the intersection of the rites with the roman catholic church? END
START which denomination is led by the supreme pontiff? END
START how many rights are there net eastern catholic church? END
START what is another name for the collection of catholic churches led by the college of cardinals? END
START how many rights are not a full union with the roman catholic church? END
START who leads all christian churches? END
START what are the permanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law? END
START what are the impermanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law? END
START what is given to the universal positive law of the roman catholic church by its leader? END
START what is the pope's official title? END
START what three divisions of power often found in government does the pope hold? END
START what are the permanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law in all christian churches? END
START what are the impermanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law in all christian churches? END
START what do all church leaders give to the universal positive law of the roman catholic church? END
START what is the official title of all cardinals? END
START what three powers usually found in government are held by the pope and college of cardinals? END
START what entity believes itself to have the longest standing internal mechanism of laws in western europe? END
START what is a legal system older than catholic law? END
START what is the term for laws produced at the council of jerusalem? END
START when was the council of jerusalem held? END
START apart from the old and new testaments, which other cultures influenced canon? END
START what does the catholic church claim to be the oldest of in the world? END
START what laws predate both roman law and european civil law traditions? END
START what legal traditions were not included in early canons? END
START what counsel was held in the first century bc END
START which period followed the jus antiquum? END
START what is the most recent era of latin canon law? END
START what is the name for the time preceding the code of canon law? END
START how many periods can greek canon law be divided into? END
START what is the jus antiquum the most recent era of? END
START what did jus novum precede? END
START what did jus vetus follow? END
START in what ways did the eastern catholic churches's legal systems vary from those of the west? END
START what led to the code of canons of the eastern churches? END
START when was the law of the eastern catholic churches promoted? END
START who sponsored the promulgation of eastern catholic church laws? END
START what was the name of the formal version of laws ruling the eastern catholic churches? END
START what did the easter and western catholic church have in common? END
START when was the coded canons of the western churches promulgated? END
START who promulgated the code of canons for the western churches? END
START what was the informal version of laws the eastern catholic churches? END
START what profesional roles from secular law does the catholic church also employ? END
START what is not present in the catholic legal system as compared with non-religious law? END
START what does j.c.b. stand for? END
START what is the english equivalent of the term abbreviated by j.c.b.? END
START what is the latin term for licentiate of canon law? END
START what is not fully developed in the catholic church? END
START what kind of binding forces does the catholic church have that are not in most secular jurisdictions? END
START what is one of the non-academic degrees in canon law? END
START what are usually not pre-request for studying canon law? END
START what ancient law served as the precursor to the type of legislation seen in the roman catholics? END
START what word characterizes the type of procedure found in american and british courts? END
START what term characterizes the type of procedure used in roman church courts? END
START what is the english meaning of inquirere? END
START what was adapted from the roman law code of julius caesar? END
START what courts follow the room and law style found in eurasia? END
START what other law system do ecclesiastical courts share an adversarial form with? END
START what do ecclesiastical courts have rather then collegiate panels of judges? END
START what continent's laws developed alongside those of the church? END
START in which types of law can elements of canon law be seen? END
START who stated that church law can be seen in the growth of civil law institutions? END
START what two regions does sampel cite as examples of the influence of canon law? END
START what does sampel claim had a great impact on? END
START what law paralleled the legal development of europe and latin america? END
START what was influenced by civil law and common law? END
START who said that canon law has little influence in contemporary society? END
START what is contained in various institutions of europe and asia? END
START what school of thought serves as a model for canon theory? END
START which philosopher is quoted by the catechism? END
START what word is not specifically given meaning in the code of the church? END
START what does aquinas define as the aim toward which law is working? END
START what term expresses the idea of law derived from aquinas as interpreted by the catechism? END
START what generally follows the principles of aristotle and plato? END
START which philosopher quoted the catechism? END
START what term is explicitly defined in the code? END
START what does aquinas say is working towards the good of the church? END
START prior to 1917, what church was in a similar situation as the eastern catholic churches as regards its legal system? END
START what was different about the eastern churches compared with the western? END
START what was still a main factor in the eastern church laws? END
START when did pius xi announce his goal of codifying the law of all eastern churches? END
START during what time period were the codes for eastern churches made available, prior to the final version? END
START who is in much the same state as the latin church after 1917? END
START what was the same in the eastern and western church prior to 1917? END
START when did pius ix announced his goal of codifying the law of all eastern churches? END
START what was finalized in 1958? END
START what is still waiting to be finalized? END
START when was the original code of canon law published? END
START for which part of the roman catholic church was the first code published? END
START during what years was the second vatican council held? END
START for whom was a new edition of canon law released in 1983? END
START when was the first code produced for eastern churches? END
START what was published prior to 1917? END
START when was the code of canon law written for all five rates? END
START what counsel ended in 1962? END
START what was published specifically for the eastern right in 1983? END
START when was the second coat of eastern catholic canon law published? END
START what language is used by members of the orthodox denomination? END
START what are the constituents of the pēdálion? END
START what does pēdálion mean in english? END
START which orthodox leaders are free to adapt canon as required? END
START which groups do orthodox scholars point to when defending their way of interpreting canon? END
START what denomination uses hebrew? END
START what tradition treats its canons more as laws? END
START who believes the ecumenical councils intended the cannons to be laws? END
START what decisions of the councils are to be treated as guidelines? END
START what are not considered essential for the church's unity? END
START in what institution do church courts still have relevant functions in secular society? END
START in what century did saxons and normans separate? END
START what type of law is not found in ecclesiastical systems in the modern day? END
START at which universities were canon law degrees abolished? END
START who was responsible for banning canon law education from oxford and cambridge? END
START where do church courts no longer function in secular society? END
START what did the normans split away from in the 1200s? END
START in one country is ecclesiastical matters part of a common law system? END
START what were ecclesiastical courts prior to the reformation in england? END
START what universities offer canon law degrees? END
START what is a term for the church of england and churches that align with it? END
START what is an example of a member of the anglican communion in america? END
START what is an example of a member of the anglican communion in canada? END
START what do extant churches of the anglican communion still operate with? END
START what is a term for the church of england but not the churches that align with it? END
START what church is episcopal church not affiliated with? END
START what churches no longer operate with their own private system of canon law? END
START as of 2004, what do all anglican communion churches share? END
START what term characterizes the way in which the existence of canon principles can be shown? END
START through what does each member of the anglican communion make a contribution to church law?  END
START what kind of force could the canonical principles be said to have within the communion? END
START what does having common principles show and support for churches int he communion? END
START as of 2004 what to anglican communion churches no longer share? END
START anglican church law contributes to what for each of its members? END
START what is not fundamental to self understanding of each of the churches of the communion? END
START what does having individual principle show? END
START what are two other possible terms for canon law among some denominations? END
START in what types of institutions are canon rules called "practice and procedure"? END
START what aspect of management is covered by church order? END
START what aspect of decorum is covered by practice and procedure? END
START what aspect of faith is covered by canon law? END
START canon law is different from what in other denominations? END
START what aspect of management is not covered by church order? END
START what aspect of the core is not covered by practice and procedures? END
START what aspect of faith is not covered by canon law? END
START what group took issue with the roman canons? END
START in what year was there documented criticism of roman church law by presbyterians? END
START to whom did presbyterians complain in 1572? END
START for how long did the reformed church state that canon had been administered by members of the church? END
START which church officials were responsible for the administration of canon law? END
START what group supported roaming cannons? END
START what did the presbyterians criticize in the fifteenth century? END
START who claimed the bishops have been enforcing canon law for 2000 years? END
START what is a fundamental collection of documents of the lutherans? END
START beginning in what century was the book of concord a central part of the lutheran church? END
START what kind of statement is the book of concord? END
START what are the legislative systems of various lutheran institutions called? END
START what kind of belief is the subject of the book of concord? END
START what is the fundamental collection of documents of the catholic church? END
START what book has been recognized as authoritative since the 1600s? END
START what book has not orthodox beliefs? END
START how many official radio and television networks does the government of somalia operate? END
START are communication services in somalia mainly located in the public or private sector? END
START as internet access increases, news media and online portals replace what form of media? END
START what year was the national postal service of somalia relaunched? END
START in 2012, what act was approved to establish a national communications regulator? END
START are communications services in somalia mostly concentrated in the public or private sector? END
START communications in somalia are mostly concentrated in what sector? END
START how many official rado iand tv networks does the governemt of somalia run? END
START what type of media decreases and internet connectivity increases? END
START what types of media increases as internet connectivity and access increases? END
START what year is the postal service in somalia set to relaunch? END
START how many private and foreign radio and television networks does the government of somalia have? END
START when was the national postal service of somalia first started? END
START why is increasing overseas activities causing print media to decrease? END
START what communication does the public sector concentrate in? END
START when was the national communications act dismantled? END
START who funded the new telecommunications firms in somalia? END
START china, korea, and europe lent what to the creation of the new firms. END
START what do the new telecommunications firms in somalia offer that is not available in many other parts of the continent? END
START money transfers and wireless internet are two things that customers can now accomplish via what? END
START when the civil war began, many telecomunications companies were created to provide missing what? END
START what did chinese entrepreneurs create? END
START before the civil war, what jobs were being created? END
START besides somalia, what country has the best telecommunications? END
START why are the somalian telecommunication companies so expensive? END
START what can customers do with their phones besides money transfers and banking activities? END
START sprint, itt, and telenor are examples of what? END
START who provides service to every city, town, and hamlet in somalia? END
START aproximately how many main lines are there per 1000 people? END
START what is another word for availability of telephone lines? END
START how much does hormuud telecom gross per year? END
START who offers the most expensive phone calls in africa? END
START how much does the somali telecom group gross per year? END
START which companies agreed to a deal that would limit competition? END
START how much higher is the somalia teledensity compared to niger? END
START what percentage of the somali telecommunications does hormuud telecom make up? END
START what year did dahabhiil acquire the majority of somtal network? END
START where is somtal network located? END
START buying somtal network allowed dahabshiil to expand into what type of banking? END
START stc stands for what? END
START the stc allows its customers to communicate across how many networks? END
START who is dahabshiil group's partner in the somtel network? END
START who owned the majority of somtel network before dahabshiil? END
START how many networks do stc customers still not have access to? END
START what industry is growing in the national banking sector? END
START when will the stc be fully established? END
START investing in what industry is a sign that somalia's economy is continuing to improve? END
START what sector provides key communication services? END
START why are local governments investing in telecom? END
START what percentage of somalia's economy is telecom? END
START which industry in somalia is not improving? END
START what are key communication services? END
START what year was the national communications act enacted? END
START what act clears the way for a national communications regulator? END
START what types of stakeholders consulted on the bill to enact the national communications act? END
START the national communications act is expected to create and invironment favorable for what? END
START continued infrastructure development results in more efficient what? END
START how many people approved the national communications act? END
START when will the national communications regulator be put into place? END
START what sectors are unaffected by this act? END
START which stakeholders were not consulted? END
START who is the somali cabinet made up of? END
START what is the name of the somali postal service? END
START what is the name of the national postal service of somalia? END
START who is the local postal service? END
START who runs the ministry of information? END
START what is the post service of the federal government of niger? END
START how many parts of the ministry of information, posts, and telecommunication are there? END
START when was the infrastructure of the postal service destroyed? END
START what airport is home to the emirates post mail hub? END
START what airport delivered the mail before 2003? END
START which western country did somalia partner with? END
START what country did the somali post parner with before the civil war? END
START why did somalia post partner with western countries? END
START where is the somalia post mail transit hub? END
START how many phases made up the reconstruction plan for the somali post? END
START over what period of time did the reconstruction plan for the somali post cover? END
START how many branch offices will be constructed in the capital in phase one of the reconstruction plan? END
START how many branch offices will be creted in general bases? END
START what year did somali authorities rejoin the universal postal union? END
START when did somalia first join the upu? END
START how many years will the first phase take? END
START how many branches will somalia construct in phase ii? END
START how long will it take to rebuild the gpo? END
START when was the gpo in mogadishu rebuilt? END
START what year did postal service in somalia resume? END
START who is helping the somali postal service reach its capacity? END
START what type of assistance does the postal union provide? END
START what type of equipment does the postal union provide? END
START when was the somalia postal service first created? END
START who is the somali postal service helping? END
START what type of equipment did somalia already have? END
START when did somalia's national postal service restart? END
START where is the universal postal union located? END
START when was radio mogadishu established? END
START what languages di radio mogadishu originally broadcast in? END
START what countrys assistance helped radio mogadishu modernize? END
START what type of services were offered in somali, amharic, and oromo? END
START when was the colonial period? END
START who originally opened radio mogadishu? END
START when was the transitional national government in power? END
START what is the total number of internet news located in somalia? END
START when did radio mogadishu begin broadcasting in italian again? END
START mustaqbal media corporation is based where? END
START in what year was shabelle media network awarded the media of the year prize? END
START how many short wave radio stations broadcast from the capital? END
START who won the 2009 award for media of the year? END
START how many fm radio stations broadcast in the central region? END
START what prize did rsf win? END
START when did the short-wave and fm radio stations begin broadcasting? END
START which two short-wave stations broadcast from the capital? END
START about how many private radio stations does the region of puntland have? END
START what is the former name of radio gaalkacyo? END
START where does radio gaalkacyo operate from? END
START what province is galkayo located in? END
START how many government operated radio stations exist in the somaliland region? END
START how many radio stations does the southeastern region have? END
START what is the name of the government-operated radio station? END
START how many public radio stations does northeast puntland have? END
START when did radio gaalkacyo receive its new name? END
START how many government radio stations does puntland have? END
START what tv station is the main public service broadcaster in somalia? END
START where is somali national television located? END
START what year did experimental broadcasts of somali national television begin? END
START when was somali nation television officially re-launched? END
START howmany hours a day does sntv broadcast? END
START what is somalia's main international broadcaster? END
START when was the somali national television station first launched? END
START how many national public service broadcasters does somalia have? END
START how many days a week does sntv broadcast? END
START how long has sntv been broadcasting? END
START horn cable television and universal tv are examples of what? END
START what type of tv startions replay al=jazeera and cnn? END
START where does sbc tv broadcast from? END
START what is the commercial capital of puntland? END
START howmany governemnt run channels do puntland and somaliland regions have? END
START how many private television networks does somalia have? END
START what are two public television networks? END
START what is the commercial capital of somalilnand? END
START how many government-run tv channels are there in somalia? END
START what tv station broadcasts abc? END
START where was the mogadishu times published? END
START what year did free media outlets begin to expand? END
START advertisers switched from print ads to what to reach more customers? END
START whos is a former editor with the delka broadsheet? END
START when is the national somali printing press being reopened? END
START how many newspapers were published in somalia? END
START why did advertisers prefer print ads? END
START when did xog doon shut down? END
START when did issa farah stop working for dalka? END
START what is the ist? END
START as of december 2012, somalia did not have systematic what? END
START what internet standards were also unlear as of december, 2012? END
START when did somalia begin internet filtering? END
START who wrote somalia's content standards? END
START what type of internet blocking did somalia use? END
START when did the ist apply content standards to somalia? END
START when did somalia stop filtering the internet? END
START what years was the first isp established in somalia? END
START somalia was one of the last countries on what continent to get connected tothe internet? END
START in 2009, what percent of somalia has internet coverage? END
START the quickest growing local businesses in somalia are what types of businesses? END
START who was the first african country to get internet? END
START what year did somalia reach 70% internet coverage? END
START which act brought the first isp to africa? END
START what percentage of somalia's capital has internet connection? END
START what is somalia's largest national business? END
START what was the numbe rof somali internet users in the year 2000? END
START what was the number of internet users in the year 2011? END
START goes the number of internet users in somalia continue to rise or fall? END
START what was the number of mobile subscribers in somalia in 2008? END
START what is the estimated number of mobile subscribers in somalia in 2015? END
START in what year did somalia first reach 50,000 internet users? END
START who is responsible for the rise in internet users? END
START when did somalia first get the internet? END
START why is the number of mobile subscribers rising faster than the number of internet connected users? END
START how many mobile users were there in 2011? END
START what is the sta? END
START what sector does the stc oversee? END
START in 2006, who reported that there were over half a million internet users within the territory? END
START how many established isp were within the territory in 2006? END
START how many cyber cafes were withing the territory in 2006? END
START how many non-established isps were in somalia in 2006? END
START how many restaurants had internet connectivity? END
START when was sta founded? END
START what is the ict? END
START what percentage of the population had internet services? END
START as of what year were dial up, wireless , and satellite services available? END
START what was the landline growth rate of somalia in 2009? END
START what was the flat rate per month for unlimited landline calls in somalia in the year 2009? END
START what was somalias largest isp in 2009? END
START who was the only provider of dial up service in somalias southcentral regions in 2009? END
START who was the first isp provider in somalia? END
START how quickly is the wireless service growing in somalia? END
START which somali telecom operators designed the policies responsible for dial up's growth? END
START what is somalia's second largest isp? END
START how much did telecom operators charge for text messaging? END
START mogadishu and bosaso are what in somalia? END
START what city in soalia has the largest nuber of subscribers? END
START where was the headquarters of the largest wireless internet services? END
START what is another name for dalcom? END
START what wireless services were offered to cities on the outskirts? END
START what was the price for limited internet access? END
START how many subscribers did mogadishu have locally? END
START how many wireless internet services did mogadishu headquarter? END
START who did not use the wireless services? END
START what wsas the satellite internet growth rate as of 2009? END
START dalkom somalia provided internet over what? END
START who were one of the main clients of the local satellite service providers? END
START as broadband access rose, what happened to the demand for satellite services? END
START who provided broadband wireless access? END
START what did national bandwidth providers cost? END
START how many terminals linked to north america? END
START how many teleports were there in europe and asia? END
START when did dalkom somalia begin providing internet over satellite? END
START hormuud telecom launched what service in 2012? END
START who was the 3g service for? END
START what type of connection was the first of its kind in somalia? END
START what type of connection does tri-band 3g offer its customers? END
START what does 3g stand for? END
START when was the first generation mobile telecommunications released? END
START what was somalia's first mobile service? END
START what does tri-band stand for? END
START when was hormuud telecom founded? END
START who owns hormuud telecom? END
START what year did somalia receive its first fiber optic connection? END
START in 2013, an agreement between hormuud telecom and liquid telecom provided residents access to what type of cable provider? END
START how many miles long is liquid telecoms network? END
START how will the fiber optic connection impact the price for online access for the average user? END
START where is dalcom somalia currently building a 1000 square mile data center? END
START when did somalia first get internet? END
START how long is hormuud's cable network? END
START what does the eassy cable stand for? END
START when did dalkom somalia and wiocc begin talks for their deal? END
START where is hormuud telecom building a 1000 square mile data center? END
START what place is catalan named for? END
START what type of language is catalan? END
START what is catalan called in valencia? END
START where is catalan the only official language? END
START what is the second most often spoken language is catalonia? END
START what is the most used language in catalonia? END
START what is the type designation of catalan in catalonia? END
START what group spends money to promote the language? END
START what language is promoted in catalonia? END
START from what language did catalan come? END
START in what area did catalan develop? END
START when did catalan develop in the eastern pyrenees? END
START when was catalan's golden age as a dominant language? END
START what year started the decline of catalan as a main language? END
START what happened in 1975-1982? END
START what has this official language state done for catalan? END
START where is there nothing like this non-state speech community? END
START besides being the official language and language of education, what other group uses catalan? END
START what is the division of catalan dialects? END
START what is the basic difference between the dialects? END
START what is the differenctiation between catalan and valencian? END
START what are catalan and valencian assumed to be? END
START what are catalan and valencian considered to be in the language? END
START what does catalan have in common with other romance languages in the same area? END
START where is catalonia located? END
START what other iberian romance languages are found in this area? END
START besides vocabulary and grammar, what other diffinence is there from other similar area languages? END
START what are these similar latin derived languages called? END
START how many genders does catalan have? END
START what numbers does catalan have? END
START what style of grammar does catalan have? END
START what is used in catalan as word endings that is different from other similar romance languages?  END
START what is catalan the derivitive of? END
START what is the latin for calalunya? END
START where did the catalan  people originate? END
START what is the root word from which catalonia comes? END
START when did the reference catelaner first appear? END
START what is a catalan person called in the 15th century? END
START what language is the source of the term catellain? END
START what is the language source of the term catelaner? END
START since what year has this term been used? END
START where is valencia used instead of catalan? END
START what are catalan and valencian the names for? END
START what affect does  different pronunciations in the two areas of catalan speakers produce? END
START what language did catalan descend from? END
START when had catalan covered the eastern end of the pyrenees? END
START besides the pyrenees, what area had catalan covered by the 9th century? END
START who broadened their territory and the use of catalan in the 8th century? END
START when did the county of barcelona separate from the carolengian empire? END
START when did macaronic latin start showing signs of catalan? END
START when did texts begin to appear solely in romance? END
START to what language did catalan display similarities? END
START what gallo-romance language did old catalan separate from? END
START when did catalan rulers broaden their territory to north of the ebro river? END
START when did the catalan rulers take over valencia and the balearic islands? END
START when catalan reach sardinia? END
START where did the catalan language reach in the 15th century? END
START when did murcia become spanish speaking? END
START when was the golden age of catalan? END
START where was the center of the crown of aragon? END
START what was the official language of sicily until the 15th century? END
START until what century was catalan used as the official language in sardinia? END
START who called catalan one of the great languages? END
START who wrote tirant lo blanc? END
START what kind of tale was tirant lo blanc? END
START to what does matorell's work show a transition? END
START what other writer showed a transition to the renaissance?  END
START in what was the first catalan book printed on the iberian peninsula? END
START when were castille and aragon united? END
START after 1479, what language became more valued? END
START when did catalan literature begin a downward trend? END
START what language began to supersede catalan? END
START at this time what classes became bilingual? END
START when was the treaty of the pyrenees? END
START what part of catalonia did spain give to france? END
START why did spain give part of catalonia to france? END
START what language began to influence catalan? END
START when did french become the official language of that part of catalonia? END
START when did france outlaw catalan? END
START what upheaval had occurred in france just before the prohibition of patois? END
START besides catalan, alsatian, and breton, what other patois were banned? END
START what are french non standard languages called? END
START when did the french obtain algeria? END
START where did the algiers immigrants come from? END
START what was the catalan immigrant's speech called? END
START how many catalan speakers lived in algiers by 1911? END
START when did most catalan speakers leave northern catalonia? END
START what is the official language of france? END
START where does the general council want to promote catalan? END
START who recognized catalan as a departmental language? END
START what language does the general council want to promote? END
START what declined in the 16th and 17th centuries? END
START where did catalan experience defeat? END
START when was the war of spanish succession? END
START what did the war in 1714 mandate as the proper language in documentation? END
START who was defeated in the war of spanish succession? END
START what did the 19th century produce in catalan literature? END
START what is renaixenca? END
START when did aribau write ode to the homeland? END
START when did this revival period begin? END
START in what century did vedaguer, oller, and guimera wrte? END
START since the transition what language has been proclaimed mandatory in schools? END
START where is the teaching of catalan mandatory? END
START since the transition, what is the official language? END
START besides as an official  and an educational language, where else is catalan the prefered language? END
START where has catalan always been the only language? END
START when was the andorran constitution produced? END
START what policies are the andorrans enforcing? END
START what is an andorran school policy? END
START what is the only language of andorra? END
START what kind of  shifts are taking place in catalan speaking areas? END
START how old are most of the native language speakers in northern catalonia? END
START when was it determined that most native speakers in france are 60 or older? END
START what percentage of primary students study catalan as a foreign language? END
START what do 15% of secondary school students study as a foreign language? END
START what is catalan being supplanted by in alicante? END
START what is catalan being replaced by in alghero? END
START what are the anti-catalan attitudes in valencia and ibiza? END
START what is another expression for bilingual attitudes? END
START what is spanish replacing in alicante province? END
START to what branch of gallo-romance languages is catalan attributed? END
START who disagrees with putting catalan in the occitano-romance branch? END
START what kind of linguists do not like placing catalan in the occitano-romance category? END
START what is catalan a variety of? END
START what are the degrees of similarity with occitan and gallo-romance languages? END
START what are there besides degrees of similarity with occitan? END
START what does catalan share with other romance languages? END
START why does catalan share many traits with other romance languages? END
START what does catalan share with nearby romance languages? END
START where is the catalan language mostly located? END
START in pronunciation what is catalan different from? END
START what are examples of ibero-romance languages? END
START to what group is catalan most closely related? END
START what is the similarity between catalan and italian? END
START hoe similar is catalan to portuguese? END
START what is the percent relationship of catalan to spanish? END
START what is the relationship similarity to ladin? END
START how related is sardinian to catalan? END
START what has catalan often been considered? END
START during what dictatorship was catalan considered a dialect? END
START what area was roman tarraconensis language different from? END
START what language branch did catalan share a history with? END
START what is occitan a branch of? END
START what is the origin of language elements found in catalan and not in spanish? END
START what is the origin of some spanish words? END
START what has different results in spanish and catalan? END
START what element in spanish is more prominent than in catalan? END
START what language loanwords are found in both spanish and catalan? END
START in which language is the arabic element stand out more? END
START where does the catalan word alfabia come from? END
START what is the origin of the spanish word teja? END
START what are the linguistic blocks catalan lies between? END
START what kind of linguistic choices does catalan have? END
START what type of unique choices does catalan have? END
START what is the catalan to miss somebody? END
START what are the paisos catalans END
START what is that determination based on? END
START what status does catalan countries have? END
START what is the interpretation of the term? END
START what is the term for catalan countries? END
START how is catalan different from other romance languages? END
START what other type of endings do catalan words have? END
START what kind of final devoicing does the language have? END
START what do many words feature? END
START what is the standard pronunciation of catalan? END
START what is central catalan? END
START what are the descriptions for? END
START where do you look for the pronunciation of different dialects? END
START where does catalan get its vowel system? END
START how many stressed phenoms are there? END
START where is this a common feature? END
START what is the exception to this common characteristic? END
START what differs in vowel reduction? END
START how many  reduced unstressed are vowels are there in central catalan? END
START what vowel stays distinct? END
START what kind of vowel processes do other dialects have? END
START where do you find dialectic vowel reductions? END
START what field studies the placement of catalan in the world? END
START what is the study of the differenet varieties of catalan? END
START what is this a subdiscipline of? END
START what does it want to do with the language, the speakers, and reality? END
START what outside affects does this study include? END
START what do the dialects of catalan feature? END
START in comparison to what are the dialects uniform? END
START what is high among dialects? END
START what is the percentage of intelligibility between dialects? END
START what dialect is the exception to intelligibility? END
START what is the major difference between the two blocks? END
START how are a and e in western dialects? END
START what have a and e done in eastern dialects? END
START what two dialects does western catalan include? END
START how many dialects are in the eastern group? END
START to what division does central catalan belong? END
START what other divisions can be made of dialects? END
START what block does northwestern catalan and valencian belong to? END
START what comprises the standard pronunciation of catalan? END
START where are the most speakers found? END
START in what densely populated area is it spoken? END
START what part of the province of tarragona is central catalan spoken? END
START what is the vowel system of catalan? END
START how many stressed phonemes are there in catalan? END
START where is this system common? END
START what language is the exception? END
START what language form differs in the amount of vowel reduction? END
START where do unstressed vowels reduce to three? END
START what is the exception to this reduction? END
START which vowel remains distinct? END
START in what language do unstressed vowels reduce to four? END
START what reduction pattern do some vowels follow? END
START what other pattern do other vowels follow? END
START what letter remains distinct? END
START /u/ remaining distinct is like what form of catalan? END
START what do unstressed vowels reduce to in western catalan? END
START which letters remain distinct? END
START where did this pattern come from? END
START in what other languages is this pattern found? END
START what do other western dialects sometimes  offer? END
START what form has the same /e/ as central and western? END
START what vowel does central have a larger occurrence of? END
START what is the result of /e/ being the same in central,  western and belearic? END
START what language is parle or tem ? END
START what language  is parlo or temo ? END
START what language is parl? END
START what language form is parli? END
START where do you find medieval plurals? END
START what letter is lost in some words? END
START when homens loses /n/, it becomes what word? END
START the medieval jovens becomes what what word? END
START what kind of plural words lose /n/? END
START what do the two blocks of catalan display differences in? END
START how can you explain differences in the language groups? END
START what form is innovative? END
START what are the two blocks of catalan? END
START what does an archaism explain? END
START what is standard based on? END
START what form is excepted by most speakers? END
START what language forms are not now used in eastern catalonia? END
START what is jo compro changed to ? END
START what common valencian forms are used? END
START what forms are also common in the rest of western catalan? END
START where is iec's standard used? END
START how is the standard used there? END
START what is a first person singular  feature of the balearic standard? END
START where has the iec adapted its standard to the alguerese dialect? END
START what definite article is found rather than el? END
START what is -v- used for? END
START what dialect employs many archaic words? END
START what type of pronouns has alguerese adapted? END
START where is the catalan speaking part of aragon? END
START when did the government of aragon  degree the establishment of a language regulator? END
START what language is the regulator meant to standardize? END
START where is the language to be regulated located? END
START how is valencian classified? END
START what kind of valencan is spoken in western catalonia? END
START where are the provinces of lleida and tarragona? END
START what forms are mutually intelligible? END
START what is the percentage of intelligibility between catalan and valencian? END
START how do linguists view catalan and valencian? END
START how do valencian scholars view catalan and valencian? END
START what is the official regulating body of  valencian? END
START who says that there is linguistic unity between catalan and valencian? END
START who established the avl? END
START over what does the avl  make rules governing? END
START what is the avl standard based on? END
START who uses this standard? END
START who is exempt from the standard and uses their own? END
START what do most valencian people think valencian is in regards to catalan? END
START when was an opinion poll done concerning valencian? END
START who is less likely to believe that catalan and valencian are different? END
START who uses a valencian standard separate from catalan? END
START how many scholars outside of linguistics agree with the royal academy? END
START what has produced a great deal of controversy? END
START when did the eu create the european constitution? END
START who gave the eu translations of the european constitution? END
START as what can divergence in the groups be shown? END
START how does central catalan behave with the groups? END
START what are the two dialectical groups of catalan? END
START what language has a lexical unity? END
START what can use words from different dialects? END
START what kind of words are excepted from literary use? END
START when did the preference of use of words from northern dialects begin? END
START what affect did this favoring of northern dialects have on other dialects? END
START what kind of choice is now available in word choice? END
START where does catalan get a lot of its learned words? END
START when did the process of acquiring words from latin and greek begin? END
START in whose work can you find examples of acquired words? END
START when did catalan have a greater number of greco-latin words than other romance languages? END
START whose writings are a good example of learned words in catalan? END
START what is common in romance languages? END
START what kind of derivation in catalan is similar to other languages? END
START what word additive is usually added to verbs? END
START what other word changes can occur in derivations? END
START what word supplement  can be put on an already existing word base? END
START what is the usual masculine suffix? END
START what kind of words does catalan have few of? END
START what languages have more couplets than catalan? END
START what languages are  similar to catalan in numbers of  couplets? END
START what language is not like catalan in suppletive couplets? END
START what languages have a tendency to lose gender-invariable adjectives? END
START what is ab example of a gender marked adjective? END
START what would be the traditional form of a gender-invariable adjective? END
START what is the usual way to make a plural? END
START what can the addition of the suffix -s produce? END
START to what are these morphological changes similar? END
START what is an important plural alternation? END
START what does the large number of omissions  make the determinatives? END
START what is much like the neighboring languages? END
START what language does catalan have more contractions than? END
START catalan has less contractions than what language? END
START what type of word is added to the contraction of the preposition? END
START what has central catalan mostly abandoned? END
START what other language shares this type of construction? END
START what is an example of an article +stressed forms? END
START what is an example of an unstressed possessive? END
START how many forms of personal pronouns are there in catalan? END
START how many personal pronouns are there is spanish? END
START what is the number of personal pronouns in italian? END
START how many different combinations of unstressed pronouns are there? END
START what is this distinction similar to? END
START what modern language does not have a t-y distinction? END
START what does this imply the use an extra group of pronouns for? END
START what languages use extrapositioning in sentences less than catalan?  END
START what do you not need to use in catalan? END
START what languages use the passive voice more than catalan? END
START what method does spanish use to identify the object? END
START what is catalan verbal inflection ? END
START what plays a primary part in catalan? END
START what plays a secondary part in catalan? END
START how are vowel alternances in catalan? END
START what system is common to western romance? END
START what have many dialects replaced? END
START what is the catalan verbal system common to? END
START how are catalan verbs grouped? END
START which conjugation has about 3500 verbs? END
START how many verbs are in the third conjugation? END
START which conjugation has less than 100 verbs? END
START how many surnames does everyone in spain have? END
START which one of one's father's surnames is used? END
START what is spain thinking of doing to the two surnames? END
START what conjunction would be used to join a person's surnames? END
START which of the united states is boston located in? END
START how many square miles is the city proper of boston? END
START the large metropolitan area of boston is also called what? END
START what is the estimated population of greater boston? END
START what is the capital and largest city in massachusetts? END
START what year was boston founded? END
START what is the name of the peninsula boston was founded on? END
START bostons rich history attracts many what each year? END
START the faneuil hall draws over how many tourists to boston each year? END
START households in boston claim the highest average rate of what in the united states? END
START bostons businesses rank top in the country for what? END
START where does boston rank as far as cost of living in the united states? END
START how does boston rank on world livability? END
START boston is internationally known for education and medicine because of its many what? END
START what did boston's early settlers call the area? END
START what does trimountaine mean? END
START what year was the city renamed boston? END
START who named the city boston? END
START what were the puritan colonists searching for when they came to boston? END
START what year was the cambridge agreement signed? END
START america's first public school was founded in boston in what year? END
START who was massachusetts first governor? END
START how many french and indian wars did boston participate in? END
START who led the signing of the cambridge agreement? END
START boston became one of the wealthiest international ports after what war? END
START what long held tradition helped make boston a wealthy port? END
START boston was the location of many important events of what war? END
START what act was put in place during the napoleonic wars and the war of 1812? END
START what act cut down on boston's harbor activity? END
START what became an important part of the city's economy during the napoleonic wars and the war of 1812? END
START in what century was manufacturing more important to boston than trade? END
START when did boston stop being known for it's garment production and leather goods? END
START what was the name given to old boston families? END
START who came to be known as the nation's social elites? END
START boston was admired for what kind of life? END
START boston improved culturally because of its generous what? END
START boston was overtaken by salem, massachusetts in what type of trade?  END
START what movement did boston become the center of after it stopped slave trade? END
START what law involving slaves did the city react strongly to? END
START what president attempted to make an example out of boston due to it's view on the anthony burns fugitive slave case? END
START what was the city of boston's name before it was the city of boston? END
START what year was the name changes to the city of boston? END
START boston was chartered as what in 1822? END
START what was the population of boston in 1822? END
START how many square miles was the city in 1822? END
START how did boston's population change in the 1820's? END
START the first europen immigrants arrival changed what in boston? END
START what was the estimated population of irish people living in boston in 1850? END
START what religion did irish and italian immigrants bring with them to boston? END
START what is bostons largest religious group today? END
START what was used to fill a mill pond that became the haymarket square? END
START what sits on beacon hill today? END
START what famous disaster happened in boston in 1872? END
START what was the rubble from the great boston fire used for? END
START during what century did businesses move out of boston to find cheaper labor? END
START projects to renew the city were put into place by what? END
START how did the people of boston react to the demolition of the west end? END
START what year did the first community health center in the us open? END
START where was colombia point health center located? END
START in 1990, the colombia point health center was renamed what? END
START the new york times bought what famous boston newspaper? END
START who bought fleetboston financial? END
START what year did bank of america buy fleetboston fonancial? END
START two boston department stores merged to form what cincinnati based department store? END
START what department stores merged to form macy's? END
START on what date did bombs go off at the boston marathon? END
START at what point of the marathon were the bombs exploded? END
START how many fatalities were there at the marathon? END
START about how many people were injured in the explosion? END
START what is the total area of boston? END
START how many square miles of land is boston? END
START how many square miles of water is boston? END
START how many feet above sea level is the city of boston? END
START boston is the only state capital in the contiguous us to have what type of coastline? END
START what is the name of the region that surrounds boston? END
START what river seperates boston from charlestown? END
START what direction from boston is boston harbor? END
START calf island and green island are considered part of what national recreation area? END
START what s boston sometimes called? END
START how many neighborhoods are in boston? END
START what division of the city government designated the 23 neighborhoods? END
START how much of inner bostons land area did not exist when the city was founded? END
START the modern land area was created by the gradual filling in of surrounding what? END
START tremont street is named after what original hill in boston? END
START a train full of gravel came from needham to fill what? END
START the boston public library is located in what part of boston? END
START most of the city lies in which usda plant hardiness zone? END
START what minimizes the influence of the atlantic ocean on bostons weather? END
START what is the hottest month in boston? END
START what is the coldest month in boston? END
START on what coast is boston located? END
START what type of weather systems in boston can produce much snow and rain? END
START what is the average rainfall in the city of boston per year? END
START what is the average snowfall per year in the city of boston? END
START when does most snowfall occur? END
START during what seasons is fog common in boston? END
START when can tropical storms and hurricanes threaten boston? END
START sea breezes occur during what season? END
START what months do thunderstorms occur in boston? END
START what is the average hours of sunshine per year in boston? END
START about what was the population of boston in 2010? END
START how many housing units were there in boston in 2010? END
START how many people are in boston during work hours? END
START what can the population of boston rech during special events? END
START what is the density of boston's population? END
START what percentage of the city of bostons population is 19 and under? END
START what percentage of the city of boston's population is 20 to 24? END
START what percentage of the city of bostons population is 25 to 44? END
START what percentage of the city of bostons residents are 45 to 64? END
START what percentage of the city of boston's residents are over 65? END
START what is the average household income in boston? END
START what is the average family income in boston? END
START what is the average income for a full time male worker? END
START what is the average income for a full time female worker? END
START what percent of families fall below the poverty line? END
START what percent of boston's population was white in 1950? END
START in 2000, what percen tof the population were non hispanic and white? END
START what year did minorities become the majority of the population for the first time? END
START in recent years, the whote population has begun to move where? END
START what year did non hispanic whites once again become the majority of the population? END
START what people form the largest ethnic group in the city? END
START what percentage of the city's population is irish? END
START what is the second largest ethnic group in the city? END
START what percentage of the citys population is italian? END
START how many chinese americans lived in boston city proper in 2013? END
START how many jewish people live in the city of boston? END
START how many jewish people live in the boston metro area? END
START what is the total number of congregations in boston? END
START what adjascent communities also hold a high jewish population? END
START what is the estimated percentage of the population of brookline and newton that are jewish? END
START what neighborhoos has a high rate of hispanics? END
START how many hispanics live in the city of boston? END
START how many puerto rican hispanics live in greater boston? END
START how many mexican hispanics live in greater boston? END
START how many colombians live in greater boston? END
START in 2014, what percentage of the city identified as christian? END
START in 2014, what percentage of the city identified as protestant? END
START in 2014, what percent of the city of boston was catholic? END
START in 2014, what percentage of bostons residents did not claim to belong to any religion? END
START in 2014, other religions mad eup what percentage of the citys population? END
START how many member attended the catholic church in the boston area in 2010? END
START how many catholic churches were in the boston area in 2010? END
START how many episcopal churches were in the boston metro area in 2010? END
START what boston church is one of the oldest congregations in the us? END
START what year was old south church organized? END
START what rank does boston hold as far as being an economically powerful city in the world? END
START what is the economy of boston? END
START what ranking in the country does greater boston metro hold as far as economy? END
START what ranking in the world does greater boston metro hold as far as economy? END
START how many college students does boston attract? END
START students from around the world contribute how much a year to bostons economy? END
START because of the number of tech companies, the city is a hub for what? END
START the milken institute rated boston as the top what in the country? END
START of all cities in the us, boston received the highest amount of funding from where? END
START the city is innovative becaus eit has access to what type of capital? END
START there is a  high presence of what type of company in the city? END
START route 128 and greater boston are centers for what type of investment? END
START what remains an important sector? END
START a large part of boston's economy is made up of what? END
START how many tourists visited boston in 2011? END
START how much did tourists spend in boston in 2011? END
START what year did the number of tourists from china and the uk top the list? END
START mutual funds and insurance are what type of industry? END
START what boston investment firm helped make mutual funds popular in the 1980's? END
START what helped make boston one of the top financial cities in the us? END
START boston is the center for what type of capital firms? END
START in 2016, ge corporation decided to move its global headquarters to where? END
START how many students are in boston public schools? END
START how many schools are in boston? END
START what is the oldest public high school in the us? END
START what percentage of bostons public students are african american? END
START how many member of the association of american universities are in boston? END
START how many students are enrolled in boston and cambridge? END
START who is the citys fourth largest employer? END
START babson college is what type of institution? END
START what small private law school is located in boston? END
START what was the name of americas first all female law school? END
START wher e is lesley university college of art and desighn located? END
START what is another name for new englans school of art and design END
START what is the oldest independant conservatory in the us? END
START what college plays an important role in making boston known for jazz? END
START what univesity located outside of boston still holds a large presence in the city? END
START what is the nations oldest college? END
START where does harvard plan to expand to? END
START what was mit originally known as? END
START in 1916, mit moved across the river to what city? END
START since the early 1990's, boston has had less of what type of crime? END
START boston police and local groups make an effort toprevent youth from doing what? END
START the boston miracle is the name for the reduction in what crime from 1990 to 1999? END
START what was the murder rate in boston in 1990? END
START how many reported murders were there in 2008? END
START how many murders were there in 2014? END
START how many murders were there in boston in 2015? END
START boston is culturally similar to what area? END
START what is the boston accent known as? END
START who influences boston's politics and religion? END
START what are bostons neologisms more commonly known as? END
START food with an emphasis on seafood, salt, and dairy is an exaple of what? END
START known for its literary culture, boston has also been called what? END
START what century did ralph waldo emerson write in? END
START what was the name of the bookstore the authors met in? END
START where was the atlantic monthly first published? END
START what year was the boston public library founded? END
START the boston symphony orchestra is a member of what? END
START what classical music magazine called the boston symphony orchestra one of the worlds best orchestras? END
START what does boston symphony orchestra call home? END
START where is symphony hall located? END
START where is the theater district located? END
START what event occurs on new year's eve? END
START where is the annual boston arts festival? END
START where are italian summer feasts held? END
START whos is honored in the italian summer feasts? END
START how long are the harbor-fest festivities? END
START what is preserved in the boston national historical park? END
START what is marked by a line of red bricks in the ground? END
START where is the institute of contemporary art located? END
START what is one of the oldest libraries in the us? END
START where is the new england aquarium located? END
START how long has boston been a religious center? END
START how many roman catholic parishes are in boston? END
START where is the cathedral of the holy cross located? END
START where is the headquarters for the christial scientists? END
START what was the city's first anglican church? END
START how is the air quality in boston? END
START how many days between 2004 and 2013 was the air unhealthy? END
START who determined that the air quality was unhealthy on those 4 days? END
START allston green district is an example of what? END
START how many green housing facilities does the allston green district contain? END
START how often is boston's climate plan updated? END
START when was the last time the climate plan was modified? END
START whos is the late mayor of boston? END
START who came up with the renew boston whole building incentive? END
START the incentive reduced the cost of what in buildings? END
START the goal is to get how  many residents to sign up? END
START how much does the program cost? END
START lots of older buildings are supported by what? END
START the piles begin to rot if exposed to what? END
START what has been happening to groundwater levels? END
START where does the groundwater go instead of into the ground? END
START how many major north american sports leagues are there? END
START how many championships has boston won in these leagues? END
START how many championships have the sports leagues won since 2001? END
START why did the city turn down the chance to host the 2024 olympic games? END
START when did boston withdraw its bid for hosting the olympic games? END
START who plays their games at fenway park? END
START where is fenway park? END
START what year was the first game of the first world series played? END
START what year was fenway park built? END
START what was the name of bostons first baseball team? END
START what is the td gardens former name? END
START what was the fleetcenter built to replace? END
START how many teams is td garden the home to? END
START how many people can be seated in a basketball game at td garden? END
START how many people can be seated for an ice hockey game at td garden? END
START what league do the new england patriots belong to? END
START what year were the new england patriots founded in? END
START what was the original name of the new england patriots? END
START when dod the boston patriots change their name? END
START what stadium do the patriots play in? END
START how many ncaa division i members play in boston? END
START which college participates in college football at the highest level? END
START what is the name of the highest level of college football? END
START who participates in the second highest level of college football? END
START what is the name of the second highest level of college football? END
START what is one of the most famous sporting events in the city? END
START when is the head of charles regatta held? END
START how many people were killed in the explosions at the boston marathon? END
START what is the oldest public park in the us? END
START where is boston common located? END
START what is next to boston common? END
START the emerald necklace is a string of what? END
START who designed the emerald necklace? END
START what ranking does the boston park system have? END
START who ranks city park systems? END
START parkscore ranks the number of resident within what distance of the park? END
START how often are elections for mayor held in boston? END
START what kind of power does the mayor have? END
START who became mayor in january, 2014? END
START who oversees the boston public schools? END
START what is the capital of massachusetts? END
START as the state capital, boston plays a large role in what? END
START what is the mwra? END
START what is the name of the massachusetts port authority? END
START where is the john f kennedy federal office building located? END
START what court is located in boston? END
START what is the name of the famous bank located in boston? END
START boston is split between how many congressional districts? END
START what district is the north 3/4 of the city located in? END
START who represents the 7th district? END
START what year was capuano elected? END
START what district is the south fourth of boston located in? END
START the boston globe and the boston herals are two of bostons what? END
START where is the christial science monitor headquarters? END
START when did the christian science monitor end daily print newspapers? END
START how often does the christian science monitor publish their magazine? END
START what is the name of the teen paper that the boston globe provides to schools? END
START where is the main office of siglo21? END
START the former publisher of the boston phoenix owns what spanish newspaper? END
START what is the name of the citys only lesbian owned lgbt magazine? END
START what year was the rainbow times founded? END
START what locations does the rainbow times serve? END
START where is the headquarters for the rainbow times? END
START what is the national ranking of bostons radio market? END
START what bostom am radio station is a sports and talk station? END
START what is the name of boston colleges radio station? END
START what is the name of harvards radio station? END
START wbur and wgbh are exaples of what type of radio station? END
START what ranking does the boston television dma hold? END
START what is the sister station to wbz-tv? END
START what is the citys pbs station? END
START mundofox is an example of what? END
START where are most of the television stations transmitters located? END
START what is the longwood medical and academic area located next to? END
START where is massachusetts general hospital located? END
START where is st. elizabeths medical center located? END
START what agency oversees health concerns for city residents? END
START a lot of bostond medical facilities are associated with what? END
START the longwood medical and academic area is affiliated with what medical school? END
START tufts- new england medical center was renamed what? END
START what neighborhood is the tufts medical center located in? END
START what is the name of the first municipal hospital in the us? END
START what airport is located in east boston? END
START who operates logan airport? END
START what is the name of bostons main airport? END
START what airport is north of logan airport? END
START what airport is south of logan airport? END
START how did the streets of downtown boston grow? END
START boston is at the east end of what interstate? END
START what year was the o'neill tunnel put in place? END
START the streets of back bay grew into a what? END
START how many people in boston use public transportation? END
START where does boston rank nationally in terms of public transportation use? END
START what is the name of bostons subway system? END
START the mbta is also known as the what? END
START how long is bostons subway system? END
START where do amtrack's northeast corridor and chicago lines start? END
START where do amtrack's northeast corridor and chicago lines end? END
START trains serving new yourk and washington d.c also stop where? END
START what suburbs of boston is the route 128 station located in? END
START where does the downeaster service to maine start? END
START what is bostons nickname? END
START what type of commuters does have than any other largely populated city? END
START what percent of boston's population commutes by walking? END
START what year did walkscore rank boston the third most walkable city in the us? END
START what was the walk score given to boston? END
START bicycling magazine named boston one of the worst cities in the us for what? END
START what magazine put boston on its future best city for biking list? END
START what is the name of the bike share program in boston? END
START what year did hubway launch? END
START how many rides did hubway log in its first year? END
START what is another name for universal studios inc.? END
START who is the ultimate owner of universal studios? END
START what is the street address of universal studios' production studios? END
START in what city and state are its production studios located? END
START in what city are universal studios' corporate offices located? END
START what does maap stand for? END
START what was founded in 1921? END
START who founded universal studios in 1921? END
START who owns comcast? END
START where in universal city are the corporate offices located? END
START what is the nationality of pathé? END
START along with pathé and the gaumont film company, what major film studio is older then universal studios? END
START among major film studies, where does universal studios rank in terms of age? END
START what studios follow universal for being the oldest? END
START who does the pathe film company belong to? END
START who does the danish film company belong to? END
START after a trip to what city did carl laemmle leave the dry goods business? END
START in what year was the motion picture trust created? END
START what notable historical figure was involved in the motion picture trust? END
START for what part of a motion picture projector did the motion picture trust hold a patent? END
START who founded universal studios in chicago? END
START what was created in 1980? END
START who back the motion trust picture? END
START who attempted to enforce a monopoly on cameras and projectors? END
START what company did laemmle found in june 1909? END
START who were laemmle's business partners in the yankee film company? END
START in what city and state was the independent moving pictures company based? END
START what was a nickname of florence lawrence? END
START what actor did laemmle promote? END
START what did laemmle and edison decide to do? END
START who started the yankee film company in 1910? END
START what was started in june 1910? END
START what was lawrence florence known as? END
START what does ipm stand for? END
START on what date was the incorporation of the universal film manufacturing company? END
START in what state was the universal film manufacturing company incorporated? END
START who was the president of the universal film manufacturing company circa july 1912? END
START what was the fate of the other partners of the universal film manufacturing company? END
START along with exhibition and distribution, what business did the universal film manufacturing company engage in? END
START what was incorporated in new york on april 30, 1921? END
START who emerged as president in april 1912? END
START where was the universal manufacturing film company incorporated?  END
START on what date did universal city studios open? END
START in square kilometers, what was the size of universal city studios? END
START what geographical feature separated universal city studios from hollywood? END
START what was the biggest hollywood studio during this period? END
START what opened on march 19, 1915? END
START who opened universal city studios on march 19, 1915? END
START what studio was built on a 230-km² converted farm? END
START who opened his studio to tourists like other movie moguls? END
START what sort of films were produced by red feather? END
START what type of movies came out of bluebird? END
START what motion pictures were made by jewel? END
START what was the profession of george marshall? END
START who was one of the few female hollywood directors in this era? END
START who was red bluebird a brand for? END
START what was blue feather a brand for? END
START what was jewel bird a brand for? END
START who was the one woman directing films in hollywood? END
START who directed blind husbands? END
START in what year was foolish wives produced? END
START who starred in the phantom of the opera? END
START what year saw a film version of the hunchback of notre dame? END
START who was at one time laemmle's personal secretary? END
START who else decided not to develop a theater chain with laemmle? END
START what year did foolish husbands come out? END
START what year did blind wives come out? END
START who starred in the 1925 film the hunchback of notre dame? END
START who starred in the 1923 film the phantom of the opera? END
START what was the name of universal's german production unit? END
START who ran universal's german production unit? END
START in what year did deutsche universal-film ag open? END
START how many films did universal's german subsidiary make yearly? END
START along with germany and austria, where was deutsche universal-film ag at one time based? END
START what opened in 1962? END
START who directed deutsche ag universal-film? END
START how many films did deutsche universal-film ag produce in 1936? END
START where did universal pictures distribute the subsidiary's films? END
START what was the policy that universal followed in its early years? END
START by what month and year did laemmle change his opinion on "unclean pictures"? END
START why did laemmle change his position on "unclean pictures"? END
START what policy was established in april 1927? END
START when did carl laemmle decide to establish a clean picture policy? END
START what did carl laemmle consider a mistake in 1972? END
START along with walt disney, who created oswald the lucky rabbit? END
START who owned the rights to oswald? END
START who produced an oswald the lucky rabbit motion picture? END
START what character did walt disney create in 1928? END
START what was the first animated short with synchronized sound? END
START who owned the rights to oswald the rabbit? END
START who created oswald with ib uwerks? END
START who was created in 1829 by disney and iwerks? END
START what was the first 1982 animated short? END
START what was walt disney a minor player in? END
START who bought the oswald the lucky rabbit cartoons in 2006? END
START who was 2006 seller of the oswald cartoons? END
START what notable figure worked as a sportscaster for abc? END
START who began producing oswald cartoons for universal in 1929? END
START in what year did walter lantz cease producing oswald cartoons for universal? END
START what did nbc universal sell in 2008? END
START what did nbc universal do after 60 years? END
START what nbc sportscaster did disney release from contract? END
START what did universal retain ownership of from 1923 to 1949? END
START how many of carl laemmle, sr.'s relatives were working for universal as of 1928? END
START what was carl laemmle, sr.'s nickname at universal? END
START what poet wrote a notable rhyme about laemmle? END
START at what age did carl laemmle, jr. become president of universal? END
START what academy award-winning director was a relative of carl laemmle's? END
START who become head of universal pictures in 1921? END
START how many relatives of laemmle sr. were on the payroll in 1928? END
START what did nash ogden say about uncle carl? END
START who was wyler william related to? END
START what was carl laemmle jr.'s nickname? END
START what movie was based on an edna ferber novel? END
START in what year was the musical broadway produced? END
START what movie won the 1930 academy award for best picture? END
START what all-color musical did universal make in 1930? END
START what 1930 film based on edna farber's novel did universal produce? END
START what 1930 musical did universal produce? END
START what 1929 all-color musical feature did universal produce? END
START what 1929 film won its year's best piture oscar? END
START in what year did universal make a film version of dracula? END
START in what year was the invisible man made? END
START what film was produced by laemmle in 1934? END
START in what year did my man godfrey premiere? END
START when was universal's version of frankenstein made? END
START what began in the 1940s? END
START what year was the man godfrey made? END
START what year was my invisible man made? END
START what year was the dracula made? END
START what year was mummy made? END
START what part of universal's business was terminated while it was in bankruptcy? END
START along with distribution and studio operations, what part of universal was retained by carl laemmle, jr. during bankruptcy? END
START what type of chain conglomerate was scrapped? END
START what did carl jr hold fast in addition to the theater chain? END
START what period did universal move into high-quality production in? END
START in what year was universal's ill-fated film version of show boat released? END
START in what year had universal previously made a version of show boat? END
START what was the amount of the production loan universal sought to complete show boat? END
START who granted universal the production loan? END
START when did the standard capital corporation take control of universal? END
START who was forced to seek a $300,000 loan? END
START what production went $750,000 over budget? END
START what did standard corporation capital issue universal? END
START what happened on april 2, 1935? END
START who became president of universal after the standard capital takeover? END
START what notable female star left universal after the standard capital takeover? END
START who was universal's chairman of the board of directors after the standard captial takeover? END
START along with margaret sullavan, what notable film talent left universal after the standard capital takeover? END
START in what year was show boat released? END
START who was ceremoniously removed from the company? END
START what position did j. cowdin cheever hold? END
START what position on the board did j. cowdin cheever take over? END
START what did william sullavan and margaret wyler do? END
START who produced the film three smart girls? END
START who starred in the film three smart girls? END
START in what year was three smart girls made? END
START prior to his work in america, where was joe pasternak employed? END
START what type of films did joe pasternak produce in germany? END
START what film was released in 1963? END
START who produced the 1963 film three smart girls? END
START what did deanna pasternak star in? END
START what did the 1963 film to for the studio? END
START how old was gloria jean in 1939? END
START along with donald o'connor and bing crosby, with whom did gloria jean star? END
START who played destry in destry rides again? END
START prior to working at universal, what studio employed marlene dietrich? END
START in what year was destry rides again produced? END
START what year did the studio sign gloria durbin? END
START what did gloria durbin star in? END
START who did gloria durbin star with? END
START what 1930 film starred james stewart? END
START what woman starred in the 1930 film destry rides again? END
START during what period were the little tough guys films produced? END
START over what span were the baby sandy films made? END
START in what period did universal produce hugh herbert comedies? END
START when did universal make tom mix westerns? END
START in what span did universal produce westerns with kirby grant? END
START when did the dead end guys run? END
START when did little touch kids run? END
START when did comedies with sandy herbert run? END
START who preformed in the 1932-33 musicals? END
START when did westerns with johnny rod brown run? END
START what two performers were known as the team abbott and costello? END
START what military comedy did bud abbott and lou costello star in? END
START along with abbott and costello and edgar bergen, what radio star appeared in universal films? END
START what entertainment medium did edgar fields and w.c. bergen come from? END
START what comedy came out in 1914? END
START who starred in the 1914 buck privates comedy? END
START who was the directorial partner of walter wanger? END
START in what period did basil rathbone star in a series of sherlock holmes films? END
START in what period did film versions of inner sanctum mysteries appear? END
START what was the studio that alfred hitchcock normally worked for? END
START in what year was shadow of a doubt produced? END
START who partnered with walter lang and fritz wanger during the war years? END
START what did basil bruce and nigel rathbone star in? END
START what type of productions did gloria ryan and peggy jean star in? END
START who was borrowed for two films from selznick pictures international? END
START who starred in inner mysteries sanctum? END
START what was the first universal film to use the three-strip technicolor process? END
START what actress starred in arabian nights? END
START along with nelson eddy, who starred in the phantom of the opera? END
START when was universal's first version of the phantom of the opera made? END
START in what year was arabian nights produced? END
START who was universal first to have a contract with? END
START what 1925 film was the first that made use of the three-strip technicolor process? END
START what remake used technicolor in 1942? END
START who starred in the 1942 version of phantom of the opera? END
START in what year was united world pictures founded? END
START what producer was involved in the founding of united world pictures? END
START how long did united world pictures last? END
START who was the head of production at universal-international pictures? END
START who was william goetz's father-in-law? END
START who bought into a four-way merger with universal in 1954? END
START when did arthur j. rank buy into a four-way merger? END
START what combine did kenneth young found? END
START what position was given to william mayer? END
START what did louis b. goetz rename united world pictures as? END
START in what year was the olivier version of hamlet made? END
START who directed 1946's great expectations? END
START in 1947, what company did universal buy a stake in? END
START who ran realart pictures? END
START in what year did universal-international take over castle films? END
START what year was laurence olivier's great expectations produced? END
START what year was david lean's hamlet produced? END
START what company did universal-international buy a major stake in during 1946? END
START who took over castle films in 1947? END
START in what year was the killers produced? END
START what universal-international film was about a talking mule? END
START in what year was ma and pa kettle made? END
START what abbott and costello film was released in 1948? END
START who bought rank's share of universal-international? END
START who left universal in 1940? END
START what year was ma and pa francis made? END
START what year was kettle made? END
START what 1952 abbott and costello film was a top grossing production? END
START what company took full control of universal in 1948? END
START who did many of universal-international's arabian nights films feature? END
START who notably produced monster and science fiction films for universal? END
START what universal director was known for his melodramas? END
START who directed monster movies for universal? END
START who produced melodramas for universal? END
START what series of films did tony alland star in? END
START what types of films did william curtis produce? END
START what type of films did douglas hunter and ross sirk produce? END
START what company did stars rock hudson, tony chandler, and jeff curtis work for? END
START who was a notable talent agent circa 1950? END
START what star did lew wasserman represent? END
START what actor featured in winchester '73? END
START what legal decision resulted in movie studios letting their contract actors go? END
START what court decision happened in 1950? END
START who made a deal in 1948 with universal for james stewart? END
START what company did lew wasserman make a deal with in 1948? END
START who was a mac agent? END
START what acronym was the music corporation of america known by? END
START where did mca's revue productions subsidiary rent space? END
START in square kilometers, how large was the lot universal sold to mca? END
START in what year did universal sell its 360-acre lot to mca? END
START how much did mca pay for universal's 360-acre lot? END
START what was responsible for a rise in audience for cinema productions? END
START what does mac stand for? END
START when did universal sell its 1.5-acre studio lot? END
START how much did universal sell its lot to mac for? END
START what did mac not own after the lot purchase? END
START in what year did mca take over universal? END
START what company did mca create in 1964? END
START what new name was given to revue productions in 1966? END
START what was the company formed by the merger of universal and nbc? END
START when did universal inaugurate its studio tour subsidiary? END
START what did mac, inc. do in 1962? END
START what name did the company revert to after the mac takeover? END
START what did mca form in 1966? END
START what was universal pictures company and revue productions renamed in 1966? END
START what television network did mca later merge with? END
START who produced anne of the thousand days? END
START who wrote the original work that the film version of anne of the thousand days was based on? END
START in what year was the film version of mary, queen of scots made? END
START whose performance in anne of the thousand days garnered a best actor nod? END
START what was the name of the sequel to true grit produced by universal? END
START what company did b. hal wallis work at before universal? END
START what company did b. hal wallis work at after paramount? END
START what year did may of the thousand days come out? END
START what year did anne, queen of scots come out? END
START what 1969 film was a sequel to true grit? END
START who partnered with universal in the creation of cinema international corporation? END
START in what year was the film airport made? END
START what universal hit film was produced in 1974? END
START what company was purchased by mgm in 1981? END
START when did united international pictures start distributing films for dreamworks? END
START what company did universal team up with in 1970? END
START what company was formed in 1970? END
START what does mmg stand for? END
START who dropped out of the uip venture in 2001? END
START who did uip join in 2001? END
START who was the head of mca in 1990? END
START what is the current name of the company that was called matsushita electric in 1990? END
START how much did matsushita electric pay for mca? END
START in what year was mca/universal home video inc. created? END
START what was the nationality of matsushita electric? END
START what company acquired mac for $6.6 billion in 1990? END
START what was panasonic renamed in 1990? END
START what was matsushita electric renamed in 1990? END
START what company created the vhs cassette? END
START what percentage of mca/universal did matsushita electric sell five years after acquiring the company? END
START to whom did matsushita sell a large share of mca/universal? END
START how much did seagram pay to buy a large share of mca/universal? END
START what did seagram sell to finance their purchase of a share in mca/universal? END
START what company did seagram buy in 1999? END
START what percent stake did mca/univeral have in matsushita? END
START how did mca/universal sell their stake to? END
START how much did mca/universal sell their stake for? END
START what year did polygram buy seagram? END
START who was the head of seagram? END
START who bought the usa cable network from seagram? END
START who bought seagram in june 2000? END
START what was the budget of the film love actually? END
START what studiocanal film received an academy award nomination? END
START what company did edgar bronfman jr. sell seagram's holdings to? END
START who was seagram sold to in june 1980? END
START what 2000 film grossed $246 million? END
START what film grossed $264 million? END
START what was universal studios permitted to use in 2000? END
START who bought 80% of vivendi universal entertainment in 2004? END
START what percentage of nbc universal was owned by vivendi until 2011? END
START who bought 51% of nbc universal in 2011? END
START in what month and year did comcast buy 49% of nbcuniversal? END
START how much did comcast pay for 49% of nbcuniversal in 2013? END
START what percentage did general electric sell to vivendi universal? END
START what does ncbu stand for? END
START who purchased vivendi's share of nbcu in 2006? END
START what does cfc stand for? END
START who bought 49% of nbcuniversal for $17.6 billion? END
START in what year did paramount pictures purchase dreamworks? END
START what universal chairperson headed dreamworks as of 2006? END
START who became the chairperson in late 2009? END
START who was the founder of universal partnerships & licensing? END
START who became chairperson of universal pictures in september 2013? END
START what company did viacom acquire in 2005? END
START what company did stacey shmuger leave in 2006? END
START what position did donna sperber hold? END
START who was ousted as co-chairman of universal pictures in october 2013? END
START universal's deal with what company ended in 2013? END
START with whom did universal sign a marketing and distribution deal in july 2013? END
START how many years is the deal with legendary pictures intended to run? END
START in what year did universal's deal with legendary pictures begin? END
START when did elliott management's financing deal expire? END
START what company made an agreement with legendary pictures in july 2014? END
START what two companies had a deal that expired in 2013? END
START what film studio was brought back in may 2015? END
START what division of nbcuniversal revived gramercy pictures? END
START what genre of films will gramercy be responsible for creating? END
START what year did nbcuniversal take over sprout? END
START who revived focus features in 2015? END
START what happened in june 2015? END
START in what year did universal release three billion-dollar films? END
START along with jurassic world and furious 7, what billion-dollar film was released by universal in 2015? END
START how many studios have released three billion-dollar films in one year? END
START who released three billion-dollar films in 2017? END
START what movies made three billion dollars? END
START what was the name of the universal production company based in paris? END
START what was the name of universal's french distribution company? END
START what was the english title of le scandale? END
START who directed the day of the jackal? END
START what film was known in english as going places? END
START where did universal set up a distribution company in 1950? END
START where did universal set up a production company in 1960? END
START what happened in 1970? END
START what was the name of the company established in 1960? END
START what country has estonian as its official language? END
START in estonia how many people speak estonian as their native language END
START of what language family is estonian a part of? END
START on which branch of uralic language family can estonian be found? END
START how many estimated non native speakers of estonian are there in estonia? END
START who is interested in the degrees of phonemic length? END
START what are the phonemic length's three degrees? END
START what is a matter of dispute among linguists regarding the distinction? END
START who isn't interested in the degrees of phonemic length? END
START what is not a distinctive feature?  END
START underlong is a degree of what length?  END
START what are the three degrees of phonemic width?  END
START what uralic language branch contains estonian? END
START what are two other languages in the finnic branch? END
START what language group is estonian not a part of? END
START what languages are related to estonian but not closely? END
START what uralic language branch does not contain estonian? END
START what uralic language branch does not contain finnish? END
START what uralic language branch does not contain karelian?  END
START  what languages are very close to estonian? END
START what languages are not related to estonian? END
START who spoke german in what came to be known as estonia? END
START aside from standard german what german language influenced estonian? END
START baltic germans spoke which language?  END
START what german language did not influence estonian? END
START where is middle low german spoken today?  END
START which language did russian not influence?  END
START what kind of harmony has estonian lost? END
START what language feature does estonian, finish and hungarian share?  END
START in what order are words put in sentences in the estonian language? END
START  what kind of harmony has estonian not lost? END
START  what language features do estonian, finish and hungarian differ? END
START  in what order are words put in sentences in the finnish language? END
START in what order are words put in sentences in the hungarian language? END
START what made it shift from a fusional language to an agglutinative one? END
START what was the minimum number of waves through which modern estonians migrated into estonia? END
START what are the names of the two separate estonian languages? END
START what are east and west estonian languages based on? END
START what evolved from eastern estonian dialect? END
START the two waves of migration into estonian spoke the exact same type of what language?  END
START what was the maximum number of waves through which modern estonians migrated into estonia? END
START when did the northern crusades happen? END
START which countries took part in the northern crusades? END
START following the crusades which country was dominated? END
START what did the aftermath of the crusades end up delaying in estonia? END
START when didn't the northern crusades happen? END
START  which countries didn't take part in the northern crusades? END
START  following the crusades which country was not dominated? END
START what did the aftermath of the crusades end up beginning in estonia? END
START what country was involved in the eastern crusades? END
START how far back do the first written records of estonia's finnic languages go? END
START where can records of estonian place names be found? END
START which chronicle contains the originates livoniae? END
START aside from place names what else from the estonian language can be found in the originates livoniae in chronicle of henry of livonia? END
START  where can records of estonian place names not be found? END
START which chronicle does not contain the originates livoniae? END
START what was the last century fo estonia's finnic language?  END
START when is the most recent written records of finnic languages of estonia? END
START in what book were place names, words and fragments of sentences were not included? END
START what was the first estonian language book to be published? END
START when were the kallamaa prayers written? END
START what was the fate of the lutheran manuscript printed in 1525? END
START at what point in its existence was the lutheran manuscript destroyed? END
START  what was the last estonian language book to be published? END
START who wrote the first prayers?  END
START  what was the fate of the lutheran manuscript printed in 1524? END
START at what point in its existence was the lutheran manuscript published? END
START what manuscript was written in 1528? END
START what two people are responsible for the first still in existence book in the estonian language? END
START in what year was s. wanradt and j. koell's book written? END
START what type of book was it? END
START what book specifically for the use of priests was printed in estonian? END
START what year was the priests' grammar book put into print? END
START who wrote the last estonian book?  END
START what book was published in eastern estonia in 1715? END
START what book was not used by priests in 1637? END
START who wrote in eastern estonian?  END
START who wrote the grammar book in 1637?  END
START which estonian poet's works were printed from 1810 to 1820? END
START what subjects were kristjan jaak peterson poems on? END
START when was peterson born? END
START what is another name given for peterson's birthday? END
START what university did peterson attend? END
START which estonian playwright works were printed from 1810 to 1820? END
START  what subjects were kristjan jaak peterson novels on? END
START whose birthday is on march 13th?  END
START what day is father tongue day on? END
START  what university was peterson rejected from? END
START in the years between 1918 and 1940 how many estonian language books were printed? END
START in the roughly four centuries previous to 1918 how many estonian language books were printed? END
START in what language were 14,503 books published prior to 1918? END
START how many books were published in etonian before 1525? END
START how many estonian books were published after 1917 through today? END
START how many books were published before 1918? END
START how many books were published after 1940? END
START what age's ideas allowed estonian writings to gain significance? END
START who thought their future would be fused with estonians? END
START who had admiration for the ancient estonian culture? END
START who conquered the ancient estonians? END
START when did the ancient estonian era of freedom come to an end? END
START  what age's ideas did not allow estonian writings to gain significance? END
START  who did not want their future to be fused with estonians? END
START  who had did not like the ancient estonian culture? END
START  who conquered the ancient danes? END
START  who conquered the ancient germans? END
START what year did estonia's war of independence take place? END
START after estonia achieved independence what was made their state language? END
START what percentage of estonians thought of themselves as ethnic estonian's in 1945? END
START what language was spoken by ethnic estonians? END
START what year did estonia have a civil war?  END
START what percentage of estonians did not speak estonian in 1945? END
START what war took place in 1945? END
START what language did ethnic estonians refuse to speak? END
START what year did estonia fail at getting independence?  END
START what happened to estonia during wwii? END
START who invaded estonia? END
START after the soviet invasion what other language became the second official estonian language? END
START what was another country with similar immigration patterns to post soviet estonia? END
START what became more intense in the 1970's in estonia? END
START what country did not occupy estonia?  END
START what happened to estonia during wwi from the soviet union? END
START  what became more intense in the early 1970's in estonia? END
START what is the third language of estonia?  END
START what language was terms the "language of enemy nations"? END
START what historical event once again freed estonia? END
START following the soviet collapse what became the only official estonian language? END
START what language was no longer promoted as one of estonia's main languages? END
START what came into being in january 1989? END
START what historical event once again enslaved estonia? END
START following the soviet rise what became the only official estonian language? END
START what language became less popular prior to the soviet collapse?  END
START  what came into being in february 1989? END
START when was russian encouraged to be used in estonia? END
START following the departure of the soviet immigrants what was the percentage of estonians in estonia? END
START when soviet immigrants joined estonia, how many estonians lived in estonia? END
START how many native estonians adopted estonian?  END
START what percentage of estonians spoke russian in 2000? END
START what percentage of soviets spoke estonian?  END
START what percentage of latvians spoke russian?   END
START how many groups of estonian dialects are there? END
START what are the names of the estonian dialect groups? END
START what is the northern city to which the northern dialect is associated? END
START where is the kirderanniku dialect spoken? END
START what is the city where the southern dialect was historically spoken? END
START what city is north of tallinn?  END
START what city is south of tartu?  END
START what is the city where the eastern dialect was historically spoken? END
START  where is the kirderanniku dialect not spoken? END
START what dialect is also known as the central dialect? END
START what is the dialect from lake peipsi? END
START what dialects of the northern group are spoken on the saarte murre? END
START what is another name for estonian's northern group's western dialect? END
START what dialect is also known as the middle dialect? END
START  what is the dialect from the city of peipsi? END
START what dialects of the southern group are spoken on the saarte murre? END
START what is another name for estonian's southern dialect? END
START what dialects comprise the southern group? END
START more importantly than their language aspect how do the seto and võro dialects set themselves apart from each other? END
START aside from being thought of as variants of estonian's southern group what else are the tartu, mulgi, võru (võro) and setu (seto) dialects sometimes considered? END
START what religion is associated with seto and võro? END
START  what dialects do not comprise the southern group? END
START how are the seto and voro communties similar? END
START  what religion is rejected by the seto and võro? END
START from what script does the estonian language get its alphabet? END
START what is another language that uses latin for its alphabet? END
START in the estonian language how is the letter a pronounced? END
START  from what script does the swedish language get its alphabet? END
START  from what script does the german language get its alphabet? END
START what vowels are not separate phonemes? END
START what letters are not limited to proper names of foreign origin? END
START what principles usually govern the estonian orthography? END
START to how many phoneme's does each grapheme correspond? END
START what type of deviations are there from the single phoneme to each grapheme general principle? END
START on what occasions are š and ž replaced with sh and zh? END
START what is an example of a word containing a voiceless glottal fricative? END
START  what principles never govern the estonian orthography? END
START on what occasions are š and ž replaced with ch and zu? END
START  what is an example of a word not containing a voiceless glottal fricative? END
START foreign names are not considered what?  END
START  in what orthagraphy does modern estonian orthography have its basis? END
START who is responsible for the creation of the newer orthography? END
START in what century was the newer orthography created? END
START previous to the newer orthography what orthography was in place? END
START from what other country's orthography did the older orthography get its basis? END
START in what orthagraphy does modern estonian orthography reject? END
START when was eduard ahrens born?  END
START when did eduard ahrens die? END
START when did newer orthography end?  END
START when did german orthography stop being influential? END
START in soviet international publications what language's transliteration are estonian words and names often back-transliterations from? END
START what famous encyclopedia contains a russian back-transliteration of estonian? END
START what is the russian back-transliteration from encyclopædia britannica? END
START what famous encyclopedia contains a estonian back-transliteration of russian? END
START what is the estonian back-transliteration from encyclopædia britannica? END
START what is the estonian translation of ostrov? END
START what is the estonian translation of khiuma? END
START what is the typological form of estonian? END
START what is estonian typologically transitioning from? END
START what sort of form is estonian transitioning into? END
START how are words ordered in estonian canonically? END
START  what is not the typological form of estonian? END
START  what sort of form is estonian moving away from into? END
START what is the incorrect order of words in estonian canonically? END
START what language lacks gendered nouns and pronouns? END
START in the nominative, genitive, partitive, illative, inessive, elative, allative, adessive, ablative, translative cases what always agrees with the noun in number and case? END
START what language relies on gendered nouns and pronouns? END
START in nominative cases what never agrees with the noun in number and case? END
START what is "a yellow house" in finnish?  END
START how many cases to verbs decline? END
START what other language has a telicity contrast? END
START aside from the accusative, where can the direct object of the verb be found? END
START what is the accusative used for? END
START what language does not have a telicity contrast? END
START where can the direct object of the noun be found? END
START  why is the accusative rejected? END
START what is an example of a partial object? END
START what does a transitive noun create? END
START from what system is a distinctive future tense lacking? END
START what is used in place of the future tense? END
START what does estonian use to show actions performed by an undecided subject? END
START  from what system is a distinctive future tense prominent? END
START what is used in place of the past tense? END
START what does estonian use to show actions performed by an determined subject? END
START what is performed by the undetermined subject? END
START close to 33 percent of estonian's vocabulary belong to what group of languages? END
START what is the main germanic language from which estonia gets the germanic portion of its vocabulary? END
START when did low saxon make its appearance as part of the estonian language? END
START from what other germanic language does estonian derive its vocabulary? END
START standard german is part of what germanic language? END
START what language does estonian have very close origins with?  END
START when did low saxon stop being part of the estonian language? END
START from what non-germanic language does estonian derive its vocabulary? END
START non-standard german is part of what germanic language? END
START less than 30 percent of estonian's vocabulary belong to what group of languages? END
START what two letters can be replaced with each other a lot of the time in estonian? END
START what happens in many cases when a word starts with an 's'? END
START in an example of replacing 'b' with 'p' how is 'baggage' pronounced? END
START what two letters can never be replaced with each other in estonian? END
START  what happens to the first letter when a word starts with an 'l'? END
START in an example of replacing 's' with 'g' how is 'baggage' pronounced? END
START what word does tool become when you apply the interchangeable rule? END
START what word does loopima become when you drop the appropriate letter? END
START who was the journalist who was also a language planner? END
START in what years did ado grenzstein do journalism work in estonia? END
START what is another term for making up words from nothing? END
START who in the course of their language planning attempted to use the formation ex nihilo technique? END
START  who was the journalist refused to be a language planner? END
START  in what years did ado grenzstein do journalism work in germany? END
START when was ado grenzstein born? END
START when did ado grenzstein die? END
START what is the word for creating new words out of old words? END
START of all of estonian's language reformers who is the most well known? END
START what was the period of time in which johannes aavik was alive? END
START what is the technique aavic used to create estonian words out of nothing? END
START in what publication can examples of ex nihilo words be found? END
START how many words did aavik put in his dictionary? END
START of all of estonian's language reformers who is the least well known? END
START  what was the period of time in which johannes aavik lived in germany? END
START what is the technique aavic used to create estonian words out of old words? END
START  in what publication were examples of ex nihilo words eliminated? END
START what dictionary has under 3000 words? END
START what languages did aavik know? END
START when was aavik's dictionary published? END
START what is another term for words created by aavik? END
START instead of being created from nothing aavik's ex nihilo terms are thought to actually possibly have been influenced by what? END
START what languages did aavik create? END
START  when was aavik's dictionary destroyed? END
START  what is another term for words aavik destroyed? END
START aavik's ex nihilo terms were not influenced by what? END
START what is a source for the particles in paper? END
START what is a common use for paper? END
START what is the last step in paper production? END
START what is a thick material produced by pressing cellulose fibers? END
START from what type of fibers are rags made? END
START what fails to be a versatile material and has few uses? END
START how is writing produced? END
START what is a source for the non-particles in paper? END
START  what is an uncommon use for paper? END
START  what is the last step in wood production? END
START when was the pulp papermaking process developed? END
START what country was the process developed in? END
START what country is leading in production of paper? END
START what country is the second largest produced of paper? END
START which court eunuch was associated with the papermaking process? END
START when is the pulp papermaking process said to have been developed by han court? END
START the united states is the leader of which industry, which china following right behind it? END
START where is the han court process said to have been developed? END
START from where do the earliest han court fragments derive? END
START  when was the pulp wood making process developed? END
START  what country was the process not developed in? END
START  what country is not leading in production of paper? END
START  what country is the fifth largest produced of paper? END
START which court non-eunuch was associated with the papermaking process? END
START who is credited with the papermaking process? END
START what material did paper replace upon its invention? END
START which age did the invention of the papermaking process contribute towards? END
START what century is the first papermaking process attributed to? END
START to where can the oldest known fragments of silk be traced? END
START to whom is the silk paper making process ascribed? END
START what is silk an effective substitute for in all applications? END
START what age did china's decreased exportation of silk lead to? END
START what did china decrease the export of during the golden age? END
START who is uncredited with the papermaking process? END
START  what material did paper not replace upon its invention? END
START  which age did the invention of the papermaking process not contribute towards? END
START  what century is the last papermaking process attributed to? END
START in what century did the papermaking process spread from china to europe? END
START which middle eastern city did the papermaking process to europe from? END
START what name did the process take on in baghdad? END
START in which century did the process become much cheaper than before? END
START which canadian inventor helped f.g. keller to develop their own process? END
START in which century were the first oil powered paper mills built? END
START the knowledge and use of what traveled from the middle east to china? END
START what greatly increased the cost of paper in the 19th century? END
START what did charles fenerty and fg keller work together to develop in 1844? END
START what was developed by china in 1844? END
START in what century did the papermaking process spread from france to europe? END
START which middle eastern city did the papermaking process to china from? END
START  what name did the process take on in china? END
START  in which century did the process become less cheaper than before? END
START which french inventor helped f.g. keller to develop their own process? END
START what latin word is paper derived from? END
START what language is papyrus derived from? END
START what process changes the properties of the fibres used in papermaking? END
START what plant was used in egypt to make papyrus? END
START what part of the cyperus plant was used in making papyrus? END
START where does the word papuros come from? END
START what is the word for the mediterranean papyrus plant? END
START paper is developed identically to what? END
START paper is a lamination of natural plant fibers and what is papyrus? END
START papyrus are fibers who have been changed through maceration and what is paper? END
START  what latin word is paper not derived from? END
START  what language is papyrus not derived from? END
START what process doesn't change the properties of the fibres used in papermaking? END
START  what part of the cyperus wood was used in making papyrus? END
START what is separated from the cellulose fibres? END
START what type of paper is paper made from chemical pulps known as? END
START what percentage of fibres are wasted in the bleaching process? END
START what percentage of cotton is cellulose? END
START what is separated from pulp to make wood? END
START what is wood dissolved in to get clean from cellulose? END
START what is combined with cellulose fibers when making pulp? END
START what is combined with lignin when making pulp? END
START when separating lignin from cellulose fibers, what is cooking oil dissolved in? END
START what is combined with the cellulose fibres? END
START  what type of paper is wood made from chemical pulps known as? END
START  what percentage of fibres are used in the bleaching process? END
START  what percentage of cotton is not cellulose? END
START how many chemical pulping processes are there? END
START what decade does the sulfite process date to? END
START what process is most commonly used? END
START what is another process used to pulp straws with high silicate content? END
START how many mechanical pulping processes exist? END
START what is a specialty process used to pulp paper mills? END
START what is a specialty process used to hardwoods with high silicate content? END
START what is a specialty process used to bagasse ? END
START invented in the 1870s, when was soda pulping first used? END
START how many non-chemical pulping processes are there? END
START  what decade did the sulfite process stop? END
START  what process is least commonly used? END
START what is another process used to pulp straws with low silicate content? END
START besides the thermomechanical process, what is a process used in pulping? END
START what is the main ingredient in the groundwood process? END
START what strength of paper is produced by mechanical pulps? END
START in which process is wood chipped and fed into small steam heated refiners? END
START in which process are the chips converted to fibers between three steel discs? END
START what is fed into mechanical pulps during the groundwood process? END
START where are debarked logs fed into during the tmp process? END
START what are debarked logs pressed against to make pulp? END
START besides the thermomechanical process, what is a process not used in pulping? END
START  what is not the main ingredient in the groundwood process? END
START  what strength of wood is produced by mechanical pulps? END
START recylced papers can be made with what new type of pulp? END
START what is the only thing recycled papers can be made from? END
START what type of paper is generally brighter? END
START what type of paper is generally stronger? END
START what type of paper can be made from 10% recycled materials? END
START what are recycled materials blended with to make latter? END
START  recylced papers can be made with what old type of pulp? END
START what type of clay improves the characteristics of the pulps used in papermaking? END
START what is added for sizing purposes? END
START what besides china clay is used as a filler? END
START pulps only contain fibers and never what? END
START what are chalk, china clay and pulp an example of? END
START when are additives for pulp purposes mixed? END
START what purposes does sizing the filler serve? END
START what type of clay damages the characteristics of the pulps used in papermaking? END
START  what besides china clay is not used as a filler? END
START how is the water removed by force from a sheet of paper? END
START what is used to collect the water expelled from pressing? END
START what is used to collect water when hand-making paper? END
START besides a blotter sheet, what can be used to collect water? END
START how is the force removed from the sheet? END
START once the felt is forced from the sheet, what is used to collect the water? END
START what is never used when making paper by hand? END
START what removes the blotter from the sheet? END
START how is a special kind of felt removed from the sheet? END
START how is the water removed by force from a sheet of wood? END
START what is used to collect the rain expelled from pressing? END
START  what is used to collect rain when hand-making paper? END
START  besides a blotter sheet, what can not be used to collect water? END
START what is the main component of drying the paper? END
START at what percentage moisture content is the papermaking process trying to achieve in the end? END
START what involves using air and heat to add water to the paper sheets? END
START when was drying done by laying the sheets on the floor? END
START which is the least common on the paper machine? END
START what is used in short sequences of less than 40 cans? END
START what is able to dry the paper to less than 200% moisture? END
START what is not the main component of drying the paper? END
START at what percentage moisture content is the papermaking process not trying to achieve in the end? END
START besides calcium, coated paper has a thin layer of what? END
START what process is done to polish the surface of the paper? END
START what is the shiniest type of coated paper? END
START what papers give the best optical density? END
START what type of paper has a thick layer of material applied to create a more more suitable surface for halftone screens? END
START which resolution are coated papers rarely suited for? END
START how should papers never have their surfaces polished? END
START which type of papers have the lowest optical density in the printed image? END
START which type of papers are not divided into matte, smei-matte or silk and gloss? END
START besides calcium, coated paper has a thick layer of what? END
START  what process is done to not polish the surface of the paper? END
START  what is not the shiniest type of coated paper? END
START what papers give the worst optical density? END
START what contraption is used to carry the paper to the web printing presses? END
START in what manner are sheets normally cut? END
START if the paper is not to be used in the web printing process, what is done? END
START what is the paper fed onto unless it is going to be used in web printing presses? END
START what is the paper fed onto unless it is going to be cut into sheets? END
START in which direction to the fibers in the paper run opposite of? END
START what is usually cut in a short-grain fashion? END
START what is usually cut with the grain perpendicular to the longer dimension of the sheet? END
START what contraption is not used to carry the paper to the web printing presses? END
START  in what manner are sheets not usually cut? END
START if the paper is to be used in the web printing process, what is done? END
START what type of paper is produced on a machine like the fourdrinier? END
START what is used to apply watermarks and other patterns? END
START what is in common with the lentgh along and across the grain of paper produced by a machine such as the fourdrinier? END
START what leaves a pattern on the paper that has a consistent density width and lengthwise? END
START what type of paper is never produced by the fourdrinier machine? END
START how are watermarks applied to the fourdrinier machine? END
START how are wire patterns applied to the fourdrinier machine? END
START how are textured finishes applied to the fourdrinier machine? END
START  what type of paper is not produced on a machine like the fourdrinier? END
START what is used to not apply watermarks and other patterns? END
START  what is in uncommon with the length along and across the grain of paper produced by a machine such as the fourdrinier? END
START what leaves a pattern on the paper that doesn't have a consistent density width and lengthwise? END
START what type of lines does wove paper not exhibit? END
START what are small regular lines left on paper when handmade in a mould? END
START what runs perpendicular to the laidlines? END
START which is lines are commonly higher in density, laidlines or chainlines? END
START what type of lines run parallel to chainlines? END
START what type of paper exhibits laidlines? END
START in which way does handpaper run to chianlines? END
START which type of paper exhibits smooth borders? END
START what type of lines are exhibited on woven paper? END
START what type of lines does wove paper exhibit? END
START what are large regular lines left on paper when handmade in a mould? END
START  what runs parallel to the laidlines? END
START which is lines are uncommonly higher in density, laidlines or chainlines? END
START what tool is often used in measuring the thickness of paper? END
START in the united states, what units are used when stating the measurements of paper thickness? END
START someone measuring the thickness of paper in the uk is likely to use what unit? END
START sated in inches, what is the common range of paper thickness? END
START what is the wetness of paper most often measured by? END
START what is often given in hundredths of an inch? END
START what is often given in hundredths of an mm? END
START in which part of the world maybe paper be between .07 and .18 mm thick? END
START what is the weight of paper measured by? END
START what tool is often used in measuring the width of paper? END
START in the united states, what units are used when stating the measurements of paper width? END
START someone measuring the thickness of paper in the us is likely to use what unit? END
START  sated in inches, what is the common range of paper width? END
START what characteristic is paper usually classified by? END
START in the us, the weight of what is used to classify paper for sale? END
START paper rated at over 110lb is considered what type of stock? END
START what is weight most often characterized by? END
START how many sheets of reams are in a basic size? END
START in what sizes do pounds of paper come? END
START what happens to the paper after it is sold to end customers? END
START how much does a ream of 5 lb, 8.5 in x 11 in paper weigh? END
START  what characteristic is paper not usually classified by? END
START  in the uk, the weight of what is used to classify paper for sale? END
START  paper rated at over 210lb is considered what type of stock? END
START what iso sizing system does europe use? END
START if paper is over 160g what is it considered as? END
START besides thickness, what attribute is used in stating the weight of a ream in europe? END
START where is the dampness of paper expressed in grammes per square meter? END
START where is the thickness of paper expressed in grams per square meter? END
START where is the dryness of paper expressed in grams per square meter? END
START what is anything heavier than 60g considered? END
START what does the weight of a gram depend on? END
START what iso sizing system does asia use? END
START  if paper is over 110g what is it considered as? END
START besides thickness, what attribute is used in stating the weight of a ream in asia? END
START commercial paper is commonly defined by what? END
START most commercial paper in north america is cut in what manner? END
START standard paper sizes are usually described with what terms? END
START how is most paper sold in south america? END
START how is paper cut for sale in south america? END
START based on what type of units is north america cut for sale? END
START what is defined by the length and moistness of paper? END
START  commercial paper is not commonly defined by what? END
START  most commercial paper in south america is cut in what manner? END
START  standard paper sizes are never described with what terms? END
START most countries besides the us use what iso system? END
START what country first adopted the iso 216 standard? END
START what is the largest standard size paper? END
START how many sheets of a1 paper would cover one single piece of a0 paper? END
START what is the lowest numbered a paper that is commonly used at home? END
START instead of the surface area of paper, what is the iso 216 system based on? END
START when was the iso 1189 system first adopted in germany? END
START what is the smallest standard paper size? END
START how many sheets of a1 fit into a sheet of a2? END
START what are some common sizes never used in the home or office? END
START  most countries besides the uk use what iso system? END
START  what country first rejected the iso 216 standard? END
START  what is the smallest standard size paper? END
START  how many sheets of a1 paper would cover one single piece of ad paper? END
START what is the lowest numbered a paper that is uncommonly used at home? END
START what is the lightest density of paper produced? END
START what is the common density of printing paper? END
START what is the range of paper weight? END
START what is the range of paper thickness? END
START what is the range of paper dampness? END
START what is the range of paper dryness? END
START how thick is printing paper? END
START what is the lightest density of wood produced? END
START  what is the uncommon density of printing paper? END
START what acidic salts were commonly found in the early types of paper produced? END
START early papermakers added alum to help in what process? END
START how was rag paper superior to the early types of paper made using alum? END
START what did a lot of the wood pulp made from paper contain? END
START what was took out of paper to assist in sizing? END
START what is more of an issue with papers made with non acidic additives? END
START what is becoming less prevalent when making paper? END
START by what are the acid fibers that make up paper hydrolyzed? END
START what acidic salts were uncommonly found in the early types of paper produced? END
START  late papermakers added alum to help in what process? END
START  how was rag paper inferior to the early types of paper made using alum? END
START what particle is associated with the yellowing of newspapers? END
START a book is likely made with paper that has low amounts of what component of wood? END
START what does lignin react to to produce the yellowing you see in newspapers? END
START what does lignin made from mechanical pulp contain significant amounts of? END
START what is a major component of lignin? END
START when lacking light and oxygen, what type of materials does lignin react to give? END
START what does paper made from bleached kraft contain a significant amount of? END
START what does paper made from sulfite pulps contain a significant amount of? END
START what particle is associated with the greening of newspapers? END
START a book is likely made with paper that has high amounts of what component of wood? END
START what does lignin react to to produce the greening you see in newspapers? END
START who sponsored the tests that show that all papers are subject to acid decay? END
START besides formic, acetic, and lactic acid, what type of acid does cellulose produce? END
START what is definitely more durable than rag paper? END
START what is determined by the ageing behavior of paper? END
START who sponsored tests that proved all paper is risk free from acid decay? END
START what does oxalic acid produce? END
START what does lactic acid produce? END
START who sponsored the tests that show that all papers are not subject to acid decay? END
START besides formic, acetic, and lactic acid, what type of acid does cellulose not produce? END
START how many times more yield does the mechanical pulping process produce when compared to to the chemical pulping process? END
START what type of process is used to produce most paper used in paperback books? END
START what level of acid is usually found in the paper used by book publishers? END
START what type of pulping yields nearly a tonne of dry wood per pulp tonne used? END
START what type of pumps are sometimes called low yield pumps? END
START because it has a lower yield, what type of pulping is often cheaper? END
START mechanical pulps are often more expensive than what? END
START what type of paper do mechanical pulps tend to use? END
START how many times more yield does the mechanical pulping process produce when not compared to to the chemical pulping process? END
START what type of process is used to produce least paper used in paperback books? END
START what level of acid is not usually found in the paper used by book publishers? END
START in the last 40 years, how much has worldwide paper consumption risen? END
START what percentage of harvested trees are used in the manufacturing of paper? END
START what do many paper companies do to ensure the health of forests? END
START what percentage of wood pulp comes from old-growth trees? END
START what has risen by 35% over the last 400 years? END
START by how much has worldwide consumption of paper decreased over the last 40 years? END
START what to most forest plant to help regrow companies? END
START what accounts for more than 10% of wood pulp? END
START what percentage of trees harvested are not used for making paper? END
START in the last 10 years, how much has worldwide paper consumption risen? END
START what percentage of harvested bushes are used in the manufacturing of paper? END
START  what do many paper companies do to ensure the health of oceans? END
START  what percentage of wood pulp comes from new-growth trees? END
START what percentage of total waste can be attributed to paper? END
START how many millions of tons of paper are wasted in the us each year? END
START how many paper cups are used by americans each year? END
START how many pages are printed by the average office worker in the us each day? END
START how much percent of total waste does paper waste account for in europe? END
START how many tons of paper are wasted per year in europe? END
START how many pages of paper does the average worker in europe print per day? END
START how many paper cups per year do europeans use? END
START in what country does an average office worker print 71.6 million pages of paper every day? END
START  what percentage of total waste can not be attributed to paper? END
START how many hundreds of tons of paper are wasted in the us each year? END
START  how many paper bags are used by americans each year? END
START how many pages are printed by the average office worker in the uk each day? END
START what process of papermaking is most heavily linked to the pollution? END
START how are humans commonly exposed to the byproducts of the bleaching process? END
START where are dioxins stored in our animal sources of food? END
START what agency internationally regulates dioxins? END
START what does bleaching of meat release into the environment? END
START what does bleaching of dairy release into the environment? END
START what does bleaching of fish release into the environment? END
START which agency nationally regulates dioxins? END
START what process of papermaking is least heavily linked to the pollution? END
START how are humans uncommonly exposed to the byproducts of the bleaching process? END
START  where are dioxins expelled in our animal sources of food? END
START  what agency nationally regulates dioxins? END
START what product used in the sale ofpaper is newly used by manufacturers in an effort to be more environmentally friendly? END
START what is the main benefit of using paperfoam over traditional shrink-wrap? END
START what is paperfoam primarily made of? END
START how is paperfoam commonly disposed of? END
START what is made out of plastic and is being used instead of expanded plastic packaging? END
START to what does the new packaging have very different mechanical properties? END
START with what can paperfoam not be recycled? END
START how can some manufacturers be disposed of? END
START what is ordinary paper made out of? END
START what product used in the sale of paper is newly used by manufacturers in an effort to be less environmentally friendly? END
START what is the least benefit of using paperfoam over traditional shrink-wrap? END
START  what is paperfoam uncommonly made of? END
START  how is paperfoam uncommonly disposed of? END
START what is newly used as a coating in high grease applications? END
START popcorn bags produced modernly are likely to use what type of coating? END
START pfoa is what type of coating? END
START in what way can zein not be used? END
START what type of coating would a hydrocarbon bag likely have? END
START what is another term for synthetic protein? END
START to what are there decreasing environmental concerns? END
START what is an example of a natural coating? END
START what is no longer used as a coating in high grease applications? END
START garbage bags produced modernly are likely to use what type of coating? END
START  pfoa is what type of paper? END
START what type of processes can only use chemically produced pulp? END
START what type of processes can only use mechanically produced pulp? END
START what does most water contain for quality sake? END
START what quality does inked pulp generally have? END
START from what paper does de-inked pulp generally have a higher quality? END
START what's the third way paper recycling process can use? END
START what does mixing it with milk do? END
START how much non-recycled paper contains virgin fibre? END
