START what kind of human lives by collecting wild flora and fauna? END
START what type of society relies on domestication for producing food? END
START what type of plants and animals do agricultural groups harvest? END
START a hunter-gatherer is an animal who obtains food by what? END
START collecting wild plants and pursuing wild flowers defines what? END
START which societies rely mainly on undomesticated species? END
START  a human living in a society in which most or all food is obtained by bargaining is known as what? END
START foraging is a technique used by humans living in which society? END
START what has been humans' best adaptation in food production? END
START what was the first way humans used to find food? END
START what stopped the widespread use of hunting and gathering? END
START what are the basic types of agricultural groups? END
START what was humanity's second most successful adaptation? END
START following the invention of gathering, hunter-gatherers have been what? END
START hunting and gathering were represented by which groups? END
START which group has been displaced or conquered by farming? END
START which adaptation occupied at least 95 percent of human history? END
START how many groups of modern hunter-gatherers are there? END
START what do modern hunter-gatherers use to produce food in addition to gathering? END
START who uses agriculture and animal domestication to supplement their food? END
START besides  agriculture, how do gatherers add to their food supply? END
START in addition to domesticated animals, how do gatherers supplement their food? END
START all of contemporary societies are classified as what? END
START which societies replace foraging with horticulture and/or keeping animals? END
START only a few ancient societies are classified as what? END
START all societies supplement their foraging activity with what? END
START how many ancient societies kept animals? END
START how did early humans locate meat without hunting ? END
START in addition to finding already dead animals, what other cause of death were their animal finds? END
START where did hunter-gatherer peoples live? END
START what type of area did early humans avoid? END
START lewis binford suggested that early humans were obtaining vegetables via scavenging in what decade? END
START early humans in the higher paleolithic lived where? END
START which population survived in densely wooded areas? END
START which population dispersed through areas of low primary productivity? END
START early humans in the higher paleolithic collected what? END
START what is long-distance running as a food hunting-gathering technique? END
START what theory says that long-distance running drove the evolution of some human traits? END
START who still practices persistence hunting? END
START besides the endurance running hypothesis, what other theory of food collection is there? END
START what food gathering techniques could have been used by early man at the same time? END
START short-distance running was the driving evolutionary force for what? END
START what is a method practiced by all hunter-gatherer groups in modern times? END
START the scavenging hypothesis is still practiced by which groups?  END
START what contradicts with the scavenging hypothesis? END
START when did human populations begin using hunting-gathering? END
START what phase of human used subsistence strategies to find food? END
START when did homo sapiens begin using subsistence gathering? END
START when did hunting-gathering begin to fade from use? END
START what began replacing hunting-gathering at the end of the mesolithic period? END
START what remained the only mode of subsistence until the end of the paleolithic period? END
START what was replaced only gradually with the spread of the mesolithic revolution? END
START the neolithic period ended how many years ago? END
START which revolution spread rapidly? END
START which subsistence strategy started with the neolithic revolution? END
START during what period did hunter-gatherers begin to focus food collection on a more limited range? END
START how many years ago did hunting-gatherers start specializing in their collection practices? END
START what was the change in gathering? END
START when did the use of agriculture begin it's spread? END
START the transition between the lower and middle paleolithic period started when? END
START in what period did all hunter-gatherers begin to specialize? END
START the transition into the paleolithic period is chiefly defined by what? END
START agriculture ended how many years ago? END
START when hunter-gatherers began to specialize, they concentrated on a larger selection of what? END
START in what kind of area did forest gardening start? END
START in what other types of areas did forest gardening show up? END
START what kind of plant did these early gardeners seek out? END
START what use did forest gardeners put to tree and vines to? END
START what did these gardeners do about unwanted species? END
START what type of gardens originated in modern times? END
START what type of gardens were located in the dry foothills of monsoon regions? END
START inferior foreign species were selected and incorporated where? END
START what was being used as a food production system in all parts of the world? END
START when families were trying to ruin their immediate environment, undesirable species were what? END
START where do many modern day hunter-gatherers live? END
START in what type of climate do hunter-gatherers live? END
START what kind of human life-style is pushing hunter-gatherers out of their environment? END
START what has jared diamond blamed the decline of gatherers on? END
START what type of food animal went extict by the end of the pleistocene era? END
START what groups have continually increased in numbers? END
START all large mammal species have gone extinct in what countries? END
START because of overpopulation, most large mammal species have what? END
START all hunter-gatherer groups reside where? END
START competition for land use results in which societies remaining where they are? END
START who expanded into the territory of hunter-gathers? END
START what did the increase in agricultural areas produce? END
START what were the fertile crescent and ancient india ? END
START what type of expansion was it in places like the fertile crescent? END
START why did agricultural societies push into hunter-gatherer areas? END
START what were some of the second forms of government in agricultural centers? END
START as the number and size of agricultural societies decreased, what happened? END
START the process of fores-driven expansion led to what? END
START the lands traditionally used by hunter-gatherers were overtaken by what forms of government? END
START what type of development led to agricultural expansion? END
START what type of areas do modern hunter-gathers live in? END
START how many modern hunter-gatherer cultures are there? END
START what do people basically rely on now? END
START who lives in areas not usable for agriculture? END
START what kind of food production is worldwide now? END
START the many contemporary hunter-gatherer cultures usually live where? END
START humans almost never rely on what? END
START what cultures live in areas suitable for agricultural use? END
START ancient hunter-gatherer cultures lived where? END
START how many cultures rely on agriculture? END
START what is the lifestyle of hunter-gatherers? END
START what is the permanence of hunter-gatherer settlements? END
START what kind of building materials do they use? END
START what kind of natural structure do hunter-gatherers use? END
START what is the movement ability of hunter-gathers? END
START few hunter-gatherers live in what kind of settlements? END
START permanent communities typically construct what? END
START what communities use natural wood shelters? END
START which communities construct shelters using permanent building materials? END
START which communities do not live a nomadic or semi-nomadic life? END
START what kind of area allowed a more permanent settlement? END
START what is the life style of the indigenous people of the pacific northwest? END
START what does a lush environment allow hunter-gatherers to be? END
START what kind of environment is the pacific northwest? END
START what are the indigenous peoples of the pacific northwest? END
START what cultures live in barren environments? END
START which people lived in environments that allowed them to be nomadic? END
START what kind of environment allowed for a nomadic existence? END
START the peoples of the pacific west coast lived in what kind of environment? END
START the peoples of the pacific east coast lived what kind of lifestyle? END
START what is the social style of hunter-gather societies? END
START  where do people who are an exception to egalitarianism live? END
START what group of hunter-gatherers are nearly all egalitarian? END
START nomadic hunter-gatherers are an exception to what rule? END
START those inhabiting the northeast coast of north america are what kind of of hunter-gatherers? END
START very few african hunter-gatherers are what? END
START in american culture, women are roughly what? END
START women are not at all influential and powerful in what culture? END
START how is it interesting to view hunter-gatherers' egalitarianism? END
START what do chimpanzees act like as pertains to being egalitarianism? END
START how do chimpanzees arrange themselves in a group setting? END
START what is the dominate one in a chimpanzee group? END
START humanity's closest primate relatives are the what? END
START chimpanzees are similar to humans because they are what? END
START the formation of what was a key factor in the emergence of human consciousness? END
START the egalitarianism typical of human hunters and gatherers is always what? END
START what species is often dominated by an alpha female? END
START what permanent group representative do hunter-gatherers not have? END
START initiative within the group depends upon what factor? END
START what group arrangement is usual in family authority? END
START what is the kinship and decent system among hunter-gatherers? END
START which group has permanent leaders? END
START who maintains that hunter/gatherers have permanent leaders? END
START where is there often sexual disparity? END
START young mothers get no child support from whom? END
START which systems were relatively inflexible? END
START what value system do western scholars tend to use in analyzing societies? END
START who does most of the gathering in a hunter-gatherer society? END
START what group members are the big game hunters? END
START what does the argument over women as gathers said to produce ? END
START how is childcare viewed in a hunter-gatherer society? END
START what gave the neanderthals the edge over homo sapiens? END
START it is easy to view what arrangements in the light of eastern values? END
START one rare arrangement is the sexual division of what? END
START every baby had one mother and one male carer in what society? END
START ancient archaeological research suggests that the sexual division of labor was what? END
START how is labor often divided in these groups? END
START what percentage of aeta women hunt? END
START what is the success rate of aeta female hunters? END
START what is the success rate for male aeta hunters? END
START in a majority of cases, women hunt what? END
START among the aeta people of japan, how many women hunt? END
START the ju'/hoansi women typically hunt in groups and with what? END
START among the ju'/hoansi women of china, women help men track down what? END
START men in the austrailian martu primarily hunt small animals like what? END
START at what conference did richard borshay speak? END
START when was the man the hunter conference? END
START why is there a lessening of material possessions in hunting and gathering groups? END
START what can decreased material possessions produce in a hunter-gatherer society? END
START what other characteristic is variable for these groups? END
START a surplus of resources can be accumulated by any member in which societies? END
START which 1966 conference did geologists richard borshay lee and irven devore attend? END
START the sedentary life of nomadic hunting and gathering societies required what? END
START at the 1973 "man the hunter" conference egalitarianism was suggested as what? END
START other characteristics proposed by lee and devore were stability in territorial boundaries and what? END
START who called hunter-gathers the original affluent society? END
START when did ross sackett study time and energy for hunter-gartherer groups? END
START how long a day do people in other societies work? END
START what was the title of ross sackett's paper in which he challenged the popular view of hunter-gatherer lives? END
START in 1851, thomas hobbes described hunter-gatherers as what? END
START data showed that hunter-gatherers enjoyed less leisure time than whom? END
START which group did not typically eat well? END
START marshall sahlins performed analysis testing sackett's view in what year? END
START what other characteristic of group behavior is needed in a hunter-gatherer society? END
START what is the basis of a hunting an gathering economy? END
START hoarding of resources are important in what societies? END
START what societies can be described as a "hoarding economy"? END
START what is important in the numerical systems of hunter-gatherer societies? END
START not exchanging resources is important in which societies? END
START which societies can be described as a "mutual economy"? END
START what is the only important factor in hunter-gatherer tool choices? END
START what does climate produce in hunter-gatherer societies? END
START what is the threat that extreme temperature causes in environment? END
START what does temperature impact on tool kits? END
START what is torrence's 1989 theory about that ties into tool kit variability ? END
START what was found to be one of the many significant factors affecting hunter-gatherer tool kits? END
START environments with stable temperatures posed a risk to which systems? END
START risk of success is the most important factor in determining the structure of whose toolkits? END
START payment structure affected the variability of which societies? END
START torrence found temperature to be a significant factor for toolkits in what year? END
START what  does the immediate return system mean? END
START to what kind of group does the delayed return system belong? END
START which group eats their acquired food in a day or two? END
START what is the only way to divide hunter-gatherer groups? END
START temporary return foragers consume their food when? END
START kelly uses the the category "immediate return" hunter-gatherers for what? END
START kelly uses the the category "delayed return" hunter-gatherers for what? END
START what type of forager stores their food within a day or two after they procure it? END
START how do modern hunters and gathers differ from early ones? END
START what type of conditions are not present in modern societies? END
START where do you find groups that represent pristine conditions? END
START what do modern hunter-gatherers not reflect? END
START hunting-gathering was the uncommon human mode of subsistence throughout what? END
START hunter-gatherer cultures today represent what? END
START observation of ancient hunters and gatherers does not necessarily reflect what? END
START hunter-gatherer cultures examined today have almost no contact with who? END
START what cultures represent "pristine" conditions found in uncontacted peoples? END
START what is hunting and gathering argued to be? END
START what situation can cause food stresses that make hunting-gathering necessary? END
START what change from hunting and gathering to agriculture is not easy to mark? END
START besides the use of agriculture, what other factor clouds the issue of the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture? END
START how long has this cultural diffusion been happening? END
START the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture is always a what process? END
START it is easy to draw a clear line between what? END
START the adaptive strategy has remained unchanged since what decade? END
START when will hunting and gathering never be exploited? END
START the resulting cultural infusion has occurred in the last how many years? END
START if they're not purely hunter-gatherers, then what do they have a history of being? END
START what caused these one-time agriculturalists to become foragers?? END
START what kind of upset could force agriculturalists into being foragers? END
START besides economic troubles, what else could push a people into foraging? END
START in the early 1980s, a large group of anthropologists and archaeologists attempted what? END
START in very few cases, the ancestors of hunter-gatherers were what? END
START there has been simple interaction between hunter-gatherers and whom? END
START ho wlong has there been simple interaction between hunter-gatherers and non-hunter-gatherers? END
START a small but vocal segment of architects attempted to demonstrate their knowledge of hunter-gatherers in what decade? END
START what can be learned from the study of modern hunter-gatherers? END
START who thinks that it is useless to study modern foragers since the real ones are gone? END
START what type of hunter-gatherer has disappeared ? END
START the "pure hunter-gatherer" appeared not long after what? END
START many meaningful things can be learned about prehistoric hunter-gatherers from what? END
START nothing meaningful can be learned about modern hunter gatherers from the studies of what? END
START who advocates this "reviled" critique? END
START what do some theorists imply about modern hunter-gatherers? END
START who has rejected wilmsen's arguments? END
START whose lifestyle does shultziner think we can learn about? END
START what is it about prehistoric hunter-gatherers that impresses shultziner? END
START who has offered arguments that lee and guenther disliked? END
START wilmsen has rejected most of the arguments put forth by whom? END
START who has argued that we can learn a lot about the lifestyles of modern hunter-gatherers? END
START who does not have impressive levels of egalitarianism? END
START studies of prehistoric hunter-gatherers can shed light on which group? END
START which group does shultziner believe we can't learn anything from? END
START what do hunter-gathers intentionally manipulate? END
START how do they manage the landscape? END
START what technique do they use to make animal habitats? END
START what is the manipulation of the landscape associated with? END
START what do modern hunter-gatherers depend on at least somewhat? END
START many hunter-gatherers unconsciously manipulate what? END
START none of the modern hunter-gatherers depend of which kind of food sources? END
START which group uses a slash-and-burn technique to create habitats for humans? END
START which group burns desirable plants while encouraging undesirable ones? END
START very few hunter-gatherers encourage domestication on what level? END
START what do some agriculturalists often do? END
START what do they sometimes do for entertainment? END
START why would they leave agricultural lifestyle? END
START besides avoiding government controls, what other reason could they have? END
START all agriculturalists also what? END
START others in undeveloped countries go hunting, primarily for what? END
START in the african rainforest, groups continue to rely on what? END
START groups in what area have accepted colonial control? END
START hunting is usually done in the frost-free what? END
START what is the name of the spinifex people? END
START where do the pila nguru people live? END
START who refuses contact with outsiders on sentinel island? END
START where are the sentinelese and the andaman islands? END
START which group is located in western austria? END
START which group is located in the gobi desert? END
START which group lives on the north sands island? END
START which group has not maintained their independent existence? END
START the habitat located where has proved suitable for european agriculture? END
START these ancient hunter-gathers followed what path in pursuit of game? END
START between what ice sheets were the corridors located? END
START what other way could they have crossed on to this continent? END
START small-game hunters crossed which strait? END
START hunter-gatherers traveled along iced corridors how many years ago? END
START big-game hunters cam from asia into south america over what bridge? END
START using advanced boats, they also could have migrated down the pacific to where? END
START a land bridge from asia into south america existed how many years ago? END
START where did the north american hunter-gathers mostly live? END
START what basic trait do all hunter-gatherers share? END
START what is it about the tool styles that is remarkable? END
START where have early paleo -indian tools been found? END
START how many members did the mobile tool-making hunters often have? END
START which group was spread over small geographical area? END
START all individual groups shared a uncommon style of what? END
START these tool adaptations have been utilized by highly sedentary what? END
START hunter-gatherers would never flourish over the what? END
START there were very few regional variations in lifestyles among which group? END
START what kind of climate occurred in the americas? END
START what disappeared during the archaic period? END
START what became the norm for the mobile bands? END
START what did they rely less and less on? END
START what was there a pattern of in this period? END
START which period in the americas saw an unchanging environment? END
START the first appearance of the megafauna happened in what period? END
START a colder, more arid climate happened in what period? END
START the minority of population groups at this time were what? END
START which groups started to focus on resources available to them globally? END
START what is the current name of the united nations fund for population activities? END
START unfpa's work concerns what general area? END
START one of unfpa's goals is to make all pregnancies what? END
START another of unfpa's goals is to make all childbirths what? END
START what, in addition to its work against obstetric fistula, is unfpa campaigning against? END
START what does unfpa try to avoid? END
START what does unfpa not provide? END
START where has unfpa been the most unknown recently? END
START what local campaigns is unfpa most involved with? END
START in how many geographic regions does unfpa operate? END
START about what fraction of unfpa's staff do field work? END
START unfpa is part of what larger u.n. group? END
START unfpa groups what area in the same geographic region as the arab states? END
START how many countries do not yet support unfpa? END
START what region is unfpa solely located in? END
START what groups are not yet involved with unfpa? END
START what fraction of workers are located in latin america? END
START when did unfpa begin its work? END
START what was unfpa's original name? END
START when did the organization change its name? END
START unfpa was originally administered by what u.n. body? END
START when was unfpa moved to being under the authority of the united nations general assembly? END
START why did unfpa never change their name? END
START what authority was never involved with unfpa? END
START what year did the united nations general assembly disband? END
START what was the united nations fund not known for? END
START when did the u.n. vote to adopt the sustainable development goals? END
START how many countries adopted the sustainable development goals? END
START how many sustainable development goals are there? END
START the sustainable development goals are intended to change the world over what time period? END
START how many member states voted against sustainable development goals? END
START how many years did it take to form the goals? END
START what goals aimed at keeping things the same in the world? END
START which goals were designed to increase poverty? END
START what was considered unimportant to the un? END
START are the sustainable development goals considered ambitious or modest in scope? END
START the third of the goals concerns what? END
START what does the fourth goal focus on improving? END
START what is the topic of the fifth goal? END
START the third of the goals is to decrease what? END
START what does goal 4 desire to eradicate? END
START what topic was ignored by goal 5? END
START what goals were seen as being easily solved by states alone? END
START who was executive director or under-secretary general from 1969 to 1987? END
START dr babatunde osotimehin hailed from what country? END
START who was executive director or under-secretary general from 2000 to 2010? END
START which doctor from pakistan served until 2000? END
START dr babatunde osotimehin has never been to what country? END
START who from the un was missing during 1969-87? END
START which doctor from pakistan served until 2010? END
START what man served from saudi arabia? END
START what nigerian was falsely known as being a doctor? END
START unfpa is the largest worldwide funder of what type of programs? END
START in how many countries does unfpa operate? END
START in addition to working directly with governments, with whom does unfpa work? END
START what supports unfpa's work? END
START the fund's programs support women, men, and who else? END
START what is one of the world's smallest sources of funding for population and reproductive health programs? END
START how many countries are not yet in support? END
START what programs are not focused on by unfpa? END
START what fund doesn't work with governments? END
START unfpa lists elements that promote what human right? END
START these elements concern health related to reproduction and what else? END
START what is the third element? END
START unfpa lists elements that neglect what human right? END
START these elements ignore health related to reproduction and what else? END
START what element is not important to the unfpa? END
START what is not seen as a right to the unfpa? END
START where does the fund work to raise awareness and provide support? END
START to what does the fund advocate that close attention be paid? END
START what two things does the fund help developing nations formulate to support sustainable development? END
START who took up leadership of the fund in january 2011? END
START the fund is represented by a patron and who else? END
START where does the fund work to lower awareness and decrease support? END
START to what does the fund advocate that no attention be paid? END
START who refused to take leadership of the fund in january 2011? END
START who else is not represented by the fund? END
START unfpa's mission is to promote the rights and health of whom? END
START with whom does unfpa work in partnership? END
START with what sort of agencies does unfpa work? END
START in addition to mobilizing support and resources, what does unfpa do with its partners? END
START who does unfpa work with in addition to government and u.n. agencies? END
START unfpa's mission is to deny the rights and health of whom? END
START with whom does unfpa avoid partnering with? END
START with what sort of agencies does unfpa not work with? END
START in addition to mobilizing support and resources, what does unfpa want to decrease? END
START who is hurt most by the unfpa? END
START unfpa has  been accused of supporting what type of abortion? END
START unfpa has been accused of supporting programs that coerce what? END
START what groups have made these accusations against unfpa? END
START controversy regarding these accusations has caused conflict with how many presidential administrations? END
START who was unfpa accurately accused by? END
START controversy regarding these accusations has caused harmony with how many presidential administrations? END
START what groups have dismissed these accusations against unfpa? END
START which administrations funded unfpa the most? END
START what claims were not controversial? END
START who contributes to unfpa? END
START contributions exceeded how much in 2014? END
START how much of its funding was earmarked? END
START what was the amount of funding for unfpa's core resources? END
START who never contributed to unfpa? END
START contributions were lowered by how much in 2014? END
START how much funding was not earmarked correctly? END
START what was the amount taken away from unfpa's core resources? END
START during what period did unfpa aid peru's reproductive health program? END
START peru was found to have been coercing what? END
START unfpa responded to peruvian abuses by calling for what? END
START unfpa's goal in peru was to protect whose rights? END
START after the scandal became public, what did unfpa work to reform in peru? END
START who refused aid to peru's reproductive health program in the mid-to-late '80s? END
START peru was found to have been protecting against what? END
START unfpa's goal in peru was to destroy whose rights? END
START after the scandal became private, what did unfpa work to reform in peru? END
START which 21st century administration denied funding to unfpa? END
START during what period did the administration deny funding? END
START who allocates unfpa funding in the u.s.? END
START what in the chinese program caused trouble for unfpa? END
START what amendment did the administration believe the unfpa funding violated? END
START which 21st century administration increased funding to unfpa? END
START during what period did the administration increase funding the most? END
START who will never allocate unfpa funding in the u.s.? END
START what amendment did the administration believe the unfpa funding supported? END
START what claims were not refuted? END
START which country was administering forced abortions? END
START how many people were on the u.s. fact-finding team? END
START which u.s. department investigated the allegations? END
START which country was administering the fewest abortions? END
START how many people were on the chinese fact-finding team? END
START which u.s. department ignored the allegations? END
START which organization had no critics? END
START what policies did a state department official accuse unfpa of helping china carry out? END
START what was this official's position at the time? END
START who was the official that accused unfpa? END
START what was unfpa accused of contributing to the chinese program? END
START what papers reported on this incident? END
START what policies did a state department official accuse unfpa of not helping china carry out? END
START who was the official that was part of unfpa? END
START what was unfpa accused of taking away from the chinese program? END
START what papers denied to report on this incident? END
START which representative criticized the the state department investigation? END
START the representative said that inspectors had been show what sort of villages? END
START which former director defended unfpa? END
START which ngo investigated the chinese program in 2005? END
START what sort of techniques did the state department conclude were still being employed by china? END
START which representative helped the the state department investigation the most? END
START the representative said that inspectors had never seen what sort of villages? END
START which former director disliked unfpa? END
START what sort of techniques did the state department conclude were never employed by china? END
START which ngo investigated the chinese program in 2002? END
START what organization found no evidence that unfpa had supported chinese coercion? END
START in 2001, what organization accused unfpa of sharing office space with chinese family planning officials? END
START in january 2006, who approved unfpa's new country programme? END
START how many members does the “group of 77” have? END
START who, speaking for the european democracies, also defended unfpa? END
START what organization found plenty of evidence that unfpa had supported chinese coercion? END
START how many members does the “group of 44” have? END
START in january 2006, who destroyed unfpa's new country programme? END
START who, speaking for the european democracies, also disliked unfpa? END
START what organization was sharing office space with chinese family planning officials in 2011? END
START which government official blocked funding to the unfpa? END
START what was the name of the official who blocked unfpa funding? END
START how much funding was blocked? END
START which branch of government denied the unfpa funding? END
START how had the unfpa funding been initially approved? END
START which government official increased funding to the unfpa? END
START what was the name of the official who increased unfpa funding? END
START how much was funding increased by? END
START which administration increased funding to unfpa? END
START which european government contributed the most to the unfpa in 2008? END
START which european government contributed the least to the unfpa in 2008? END
START which non-european donor was most important to the unfpa in 2008? END
START in 2008, over how many countries contributed to the unfpa? END
START which non-european donor took away their donation to the unfpa in 2008? END
START how many countries stopped supporting the unfpa in 2008? END
START which european government never contributed to the unfpa in 2008? END
START what report was not left behind by the us? END
START what year did unfpa receive funding mainly from non-european sources? END
START what is one country in which nonprofit organizations try to make up for the loss of united states funding for the unfpa? END
START what kind of organization is friends of unfpa? END
START what was friends of unfpa's previous name? END
START what type of united states funding does friends of unfpa try to replace?  END
START through what sort of donations does friends of unfpa raise money? END
START what is one country in which nonprofit organizations try to increase the loss of funding for the unfpa? END
START what kind of organization is not friends of unfpa? END
START what organization is mainly funded through public donations? END
START what country has never been involved with unfpa? END
START which president began funding unfpa again? END
START in what year did u.s. funding of unfpa resume? END
START in what month did u.s. funding of unfpa resume? END
START the president said the u.s. would be joining how many donor nations? END
START the president said funding the u.n. population fund would help in how many countries? END
START which president never funded unfpa again? END
START in what year did u.s. funding of unfpa end? END
START in what month did u.s. funding of unfpa end? END
START who said funding the u.n. population fund would not help 154 countries? END
START what program funded in 2009 does not help women? END
START which ocean is along eastern russia? END
START which union did russia belong to after 1922? END
START when did the rsfsr cease to be a part of the soviet union? END
START how many autonomous republics make up the rsfsr? END
START the rsfsr contains how many oblasts? END
START how many autonomous oblasts were part of the rsfsr? END
START how many krais were present in the rsfsr? END
START which ocean is along western russia? END
START which union did russia belong to before 1922? END
START when did the rsfsr continue to be a part of the soviet union? END
START how many dependent republics make up the rsfsr? END
START the rsfsr rejects how many oblasts? END
START which group originally created the soviet state? END
START who led the group which created the soviet state? END
START which government was overthrown during the october revolution? END
START how long did the new russian soviet state go unrecognized by other countries? END
START what name did people opposed to the bolsheviks use for the soviet state? END
START who was the leader of the bolsheviks in 1917? END
START what body was overthrown by the october revolution? END
START for how long did the soviet union go unrecognized? END
START what derisive label was given to the ussr by the enemies of the bolsheviks? END
START which group originally destroyed the soviet state? END
START who rejected the group which created the soviet state? END
START which government was overthrown before the october revolution? END
START how long did the new russian soviet state go recognized by other countries? END
START what name did people opposed to the bolsheviks reject for the soviet state? END
START when was the soviet union created? END
START how many republics were in the ussr? END
START what name for russia was listed in the soviet constitution? END
START when did the soviet union include the final russian name for its republic in the constitution? END
START in which war was russia involved in 1700? END
START on what date was the soviet union created? END
START how many republics made up the ussr by the end of 1922? END
START in what year was the name russian soviet federative socialist republic adopted? END
START what document renamed the country the russian soviet federative socialist republic? END
START in what year was the great northern war fought? END
START when was the soviet union destroyed? END
START how many republics weren't in the ussr? END
START what name for russia wasn't listed in the soviet constitution? END
START when did the soviet union disclude the final russian name for its republic in the constitution? END
START in which war was russia involved in 1710? END
START when did the soviet union break up? END
START which name did russia take after the fall of the soviet union? END
START what is the current official name of russia? END
START when was the current name for russia added to the russian constitution? END
START when was russia renamed the russian federation? END
START what event led to russia being renamed the russian federation? END
START when was russia made an official state name of the russian federation? END
START what 1993 document confirmed russia as an official state name of the russian federation? END
START when did the soviet empire break up? END
START which name did russia take after the rise of the soviet union? END
START what is the current unofficial name of russia? END
START when wasn't the current name for russia added to the russian constitution? END
START what event led to the russian federation being renamed russia? END
START which country did the rsfsr border on the west? END
START which countries did the rsfsr border on the northwest? END
START which countries did the rsfsr border on the southeast? END
START which soviet countries did the rsfsr border on the south? END
START which soviet countries did the rsfsr border on the west? END
START what country borders russia on the west? END
START along with norway, what country borders the rsfsr on the northwest? END
START in the ussr, what ssr did the rsfsr border along with the kazakh ssr? END
START along with the mongolian people's republic and the people's republic of china, what country did the rsfsr border to its southeast? END
START which country did the rsfsr conquer on the west? END
START which countries did the rsfsr conquer on the northwest? END
START which countries did the rsfsr incorporate on the southeast? END
START which russian countries did the rsfsr border on the south? END
START which soviet countries did the rsfsr reject on the west? END
START when did the soviet regime first become powerful? END
START which government was in power before the soviet regime? END
START which revolution led to the soviet regime's rise to power? END
START how long was the state of the soviet regime unrecognized by other countries? END
START what was the name of the republic the russian provisional goverment ruled? END
START when did the soviet government assume power? END
START what event led to the assumption of power by the soviet government? END
START what body governed russia prior to the soviet government? END
START in months, for how long was the new soviet state unrecognized? END
START when did the soviet regime first lose power? END
START which government was in power after the soviet regime? END
START which revolution led to the soviet regime's fall from power? END
START how long was the state of the soviet regime recognized by other countries? END
START what wasn't the name of the republic the russian provisional goverment ruled? END
START which official name was russia given at the start of 1918? END
START to which country did russia give land during world war i? END
START which treaty did russia sign in order to give land and gain peace during world war i? END
START what war resulted in russia shrinking further during 1918? END
START what numbered meeting of the all-russian congress of soviets occurred on january 25, 1918? END
START on january 25, 1918, what was the official name given to the soviet state? END
START what did russia receive in return for signing the treaty of brest-litovsk? END
START on what date was the country renamed the russian socialist federative soviet republic? END
START during what 1918 conflict did states secede from russia? END
START which unofficial name was russia given at the start of 1918? END
START to which country did russia give land during world war ii? END
START which treaty did russia sign in order to give land and gain peace during world war ii? END
START what war resulted in russia growing further during 1918? END
START what numbered meeting of the all-russian congress of soviets occurred on january 25, 1981? END
START which oblast was broken up in 1943? END
START where were the karachays sent after their oblast was broken up? END
START which ssr received the land of the karachays' oblast? END
START who broke up the karachays' oblast? END
START who eliminated the karachay autonomous oblast? END
START when was the karachay autonomous oblast ended? END
START to where were the karachays exiled? END
START why were the karachays exiled? END
START what republic was the territory of the karachay autonomous oblast transferred to? END
START which oblast was kept together in 1943? END
START where were the karachays not sent after their oblast was broken up? END
START which ssr rejected the land of the karachays' oblast? END
START who didn't break up the karachays' oblast? END
START when was the karachay autonomous oblast not ended? END
START on what date was the rsfsr established? END
START what event led to the establishment of the rsfsr? END
START in what year was the constitution adopted? END
START the treaty on the creation of the ussr was signed in what year? END
START on what date was the rsfsr abolished? END
START what event led to the abolishment of the rsfsr? END
START in what year was the constitution rejected? END
START the treaty on the creation of the ussr was not signed in what year? END
START what year was the first constitution not adopted? END
START how much of the ussr's electricity was produced in the rsfsr? END
START what two countries produced more petroleum than russia in 1961? END
START how many students were in institutions of higher education in russia in 1974? END
START how many institutions of higher education did russia possess in 1974? END
START in how many languages were students in institutions of higher education being educated in 1974? END
START how much of the ussr's electricity was delayed in the rsfsr? END
START what two countries produced less petroleum than russia in 1961? END
START how many students were in institutions of lower education in russia in 1974? END
START how many institutions of high school did russia possess in 1974? END
START in how many languages were students in institutions of high school being educated in 1974? END
START on what date was the declaration of state sovereignty adopted? END
START who became president on june 12, 1991? END
START on what date were the belavezha accords signed? END
START when did the russian parliament ratify the belavezha accords? END
START what agreement did the belavezha accords supersede? END
START on what date was the declaration of state sovereignty rejected? END
START who became prime minister on june 12, 1991? END
START on what date were the belavezha accords rejected? END
START when did the russian parliament reject the belavezha accords? END
START what agreement did the belavezha accords superimpose? END
START what was the new name given to the rsfsr on december 25, 1991? END
START on what date was the ussr dissolved? END
START what body was responsible for the dissolution of the ussr? END
START what house of the supreme soviet was not functioning as of december 26, 1991? END
START what was one right of the soviet government that the government of russia assumed? END
START what was the new name given to the rsfsr on november 25, 1991 END
START on what date was the ussr resolved? END
START what body was responsible for the solution of the ussr? END
START what house of the supreme soviet was functioning as of december 26, 1991? END
START what was one right of the soviet government that the citizens of russia assumed? END
START on what date was the state named the soviet russian republic? END
START what body renamed the state the soviet russian republic? END
START when was the treaty of brest-litovsk signed? END
START the treaty of brest-litovsk ceded land to what state? END
START what document renamed the state the russian socialist federative soviet republic? END
START on what date was the state named the soviet communist republic? END
START what head renamed the state the soviet russian republic? END
START when was the treaty of brest-litovsk rejected? END
START the treaty of brest-litovsk took land from what state? END
START what person renamed the state the russian socialist federative soviet republic? END
START what treaty resulted in the recognition of the rsfsr by latvia and other states? END
START along with estonia, latvia, finland and lithuania, what state recognized the rsfsr in 1920? END
START what treaty resulted in the nonrecognition of the rsfsr by latvia and other states? END
START along with estonia, latvia, finland and lithuania, what state went didn't recognize the rsfsr in 1920? END
START what year was the rsfsw nor recognized as an independent state? END
START what didn't happen in 1920? END
START which countries refused to recognize the rsfsr? END
START what was the common name of the soviet union? END
START technically, what type of state was russia? END
START what was the largest republic in the soviet union? END
START what was the uncommon name of the soviet union? END
START technically, what type of state wasn't russia? END
START what was the smallest republic in the soviet union? END
START which republic was the least developed? END
START which republic was the least powerful? END
START what percentage of the rsfsr was made up of plains? END
START in what part of the rsfsr did tundra mainly exist? END
START along with petroleum and iron ore, what resource was abundant in the rsfsr? END
START what percentage of the rsfsr wasn't made up of plains? END
START in what part of the rsfsr did tundra mainly not exist? END
START along with petroleum and iron ore, what resource was depleted in the rsfsr? END
START what scarce resources are there? END
START where are the desert regions mainly concentrated? END
START on what date was the treaty on the creation of the ussr passed? END
START what body passed the treaty on the creation of the ussr? END
START along with the ukrainian soviet socialist republic and byelorussian soviet socialist republic, what state joined russia to form the soviet union? END
START on what date was the 1924 soviet constitution adopted? END
START what body adopted the 1924 soviet constitution? END
START on what date was the treaty on the creation of the ussr rejected? END
START what body rejected the treaty on the creation of the ussr? END
START along with the ukrainian soviet socialist republic and byelorussian soviet socialist republic, what state didn't join russia to form the soviet union? END
START on what date was the 1942 soviet constitution adopted? END
START what body rejected the 1924 soviet constitution? END
START during what span was there a famine in the soviet union? END
START what document was ratified on december 5, 1936? END
START what were the kazakh assr and kirghiz assr renamed per the 1936 soviet constitution? END
START what republic did the karakalpak autonomous socialist soviet republic become a part of? END
START what effect did the 1936 soviet constitution have on the size of the russia? END
START during what span was there a feast in the soviet union? END
START what document was rejected on december 5, 1936? END
START what were the kazakh assr and kirghiz assr not named per the 1936 soviet constitution? END
START what republic did the karakalpak autonomous socialist soviet republic cease being a part of? END
START what effect did the 1963 soviet constitution have on the size of the russia? END
START what was soviet russia called as of 1937? END
START what document changed the name of russia in 1937? END
START what was soviet russia not called as of 1937? END
START what was soviet russia called as of 1973? END
START what document changed the name of russia in 1973? END
START what document kept the name of russia in 1937? END
START the final name for the republic during the soviet era was rejected by the russian constitution of 1937 END
START what state was dissolved on march 3, 1944? END
START who ordered the deportation of the residents of the chechen-ingush assr? END
START why were the residents of the chechen-ingush assr deported? END
START along with the rsfsr, what republic received territory from the former chechen-ingush assr? END
START what state was created on march 3, 1944? END
START who ordered the naturalization of the residents of the chechen-ingush assr? END
START why were the residents of the chechen-ingush assr not deported? END
START along with the rsfsr, what republic didn't receive territory from the former chechen-ingush assr? END
START what state was dissolved on march 4, 1943? END
START what was the tuvan people's republic renamed when it joined the rsfsr? END
START on what date did the tuvan people's republic join the russian sfsr? END
START what did the former tuvan people's republic become in 1961? END
START what was the tuvan people's republic renamed when it exited the rsfsr? END
START on what date did the tuvan people's republic leave the russian sfsr? END
START what did the former tuvan people's republic become in 1916? END
START what happened on october 11, 1941? END
START what wasn't renamed to tuvan autonomous oblast? END
START along with estonia, what country was taken over by the russian sfsr in 1944? END
START what modern districts of estonia and latvia were annexed by the rsfsr in 1944? END
START near what town did the rsfsr annex territory in 1944? END
START along with estonia, what country was left alone by the russian sfsr in 1944? END
START what modern districts of estonia and latvia were annexed by the rsfsr in 1934? END
START near what town did the rsfsr leave territory in 1944? END
START what happened to estonia and latvia in 1494? END
START along with latvia, what country was traded over by the russian sfsr in 1944? END
START along with sakhalin island, what islands were occupied by the soviets after the second world war? END
START what administrative division did sakhalin island become a part of? END
START the ownership of what islands are disputed with japan? END
START along with sakhalin island, what islands were occupied by the soviets after the first world war? END
START along with sakhalin island, what islands were not occupied by the soviets after the second world war? END
START what administrative division did sakhalin island not become a part of? END
START what military division did sakhalin island become a part of? END
START the ownership of what islands are not disputed with japan? END
START on what date was kaliningrad oblast annexed? END
START what province of germany did kaliningrad oblast form a part of? END
START what administrative division did kaliningrad oblast become a part of? END
START on what date was kaliningrad oblast trade away? END
START on what date was kaliningrad ozarks annexed? END
START what state of germany did kaliningrad oblast form a part of? END
START what province of germany did kaliningrad oblast cease to be a part of? END
START what administrative division did kaliningrad oblast leave? END
START who was demoted on february 8, 1955? END
START to what position was malenkov demoted? END
START what position was held by nikita khrushchev? END
START who benefited from the demotion of malenkov? END
START who was promoted on february 8, 1955? END
START who was demoted on february 8, 1945? END
START to what position was malenkov promoted? END
START what position wasn't held by nikita khrushchev? END
START who benefited from the promotion of malenkov? END
START when was the chechen-ingush autonomous soviet socialist republic transferred from the georgian ssr? END
START what territory was transferred along with the chechen-ingush autonomous soviet socialist republic? END
START who transferred the chechen-ingush autonomous soviet socialist republic in 1957? END
START to what republic was the karachay autonomous oblast transferred in 1957? END
START what republic had the karachay autonomous oblast previously been a part of? END
START when was the chechen-irish autonomous soviet socialist republic transferred from the georgian ssr? END
START what territory was kept along with the chechen-ingush autonomous soviet socialist republic? END
START who transferred the chechen-ingush autonomous soviet socialist republic in 1975? END
START to what republic was the karachay autonomous oblast kept from in 1957? END
START what republic had the karachay autonomous oblast previously not been a part of? END
START who lost power in 1964? END
START who assumed a position of power in 1964? END
START when did leonid brezhnev die? END
START whose assumption of power ended the era of stagnation? END
START how did mikhail gorbachev end the era of stagnation? END
START who lost power in 1946? END
START who assumed a position of power in 1946? END
START when did leonard brezhnev die? END
START whose assumption of power continued the era of stagnation? END
START how did mikhail gorbachev begin the era of stagnation? END
START on what date was the declaration of state sovereignty of the russian sfsr adopted? END
START what body passed the declaration of state sovereignty of the russian sfsr? END
START what was the name of the period inaugurated by the passage of the declaration of state sovereignty of the russian sfsr? END
START what government was the russian federation fighting against during this period? END
START on what date was the declaration of state sovereignty of the russian sfsr rejected? END
START what body rejected the declaration of state sovereignty of the russian sfsr? END
START what was the name of the period ended by the passage of the declaration of state sovereignty of the russian sfsr? END
START what government was the russian federation fighting alongside during this period? END
START what government was the russian federation not fighting against during this period? END
START on what date was the office of president of the rsfsr created? END
START who was the first president of the rsfsr? END
START who was the president of the soviet union in 1991? END
START on what date did the first election for president of the rsfsr occur? END
START during what period was there an attempted coup in moscow? END
START on what date was the office of president of the rsfsr not created? END
START who wasn't the first president of the rsfsr? END
START who was the president of the soviet union in 1919? END
START on what date did the second election for president of the rsfsr occur? END
START during what period was there an attempted coup in kiev? END
START on what date was the communist party of the russian sfsr suspended? END
START who signed the decree suspending the communist party of the russian sfsr? END
START on what date was the communist parties of the ussr banned from operating in the rsfsr? END
START aside from yeltsin, what notable figure was present at the signing of the august 23 decree? END
START on what date was the communist party of the russian sfsr upheld? END
START who didn't sign the decree suspending the communist party of the russian sfsr? END
START who signed the decree upholding the communist party of the russian sfsr? END
START on what date was the socialist parties of the ussr banned from operating in the rsfsr? END
START aside from yeltsin, what notable figure was present at the signing of the august 3 decree? END
START in what country is viskuli located? END
START on what date was the agreement on the establishment of the commonwealth of independent states signed? END
START what is another name for the agreement on the establishment of the commonwealth of independent states? END
START what body ratified the belavezha accords on december 12? END
START the belavezha accords consisted of how many articles? END
START in what country is viskuli not located? END
START on what date was the agreement on the establishment of the commonwealth of independent states rejected? END
START what isn't another name for the agreement on the establishment of the commonwealth of independent states? END
START what body ratified the belavezha accords on december 21? END
START what body rejected the belavezha accords on december 12? END
START when did the russian federation assume the soviet union's membership in the un? END
START on what day did gorbachev give up the presidency of the soviet union? END
START what was the new name given to the russian sfsr after the resignation of gorbachev? END
START who was the first president of the russian federation? END
START in what periodical was the new sovereign status of the russian federation first published? END
START when did the russian federation reject the soviet union's membership in the un? END
START on what day did gorbachev keep the presidency of the soviet union? END
START what was the new name given to the russian sfsr after the killing of gorbachev? END
START who wasn't the first president of the russian federation? END
START in what periodical was the new sovereign status of the russian federation last published? END
START what was the government of the rsfsr called up to 1946? END
START what was the rsfsr government called starting in 1946? END
START when the soviet union ended in 1991, what was the rsfsr government called? END
START who led the first government of the rsfsr? END
START who led the final government of the rsfsr? END
START what was the government of the rsfsr called up to 1964? END
START what was the rsfsr government called starting in 1964? END
START when the soviet union started in 1991, what was the rsfsr government called? END
START who rejected the first government of the rsfsr? END
START who rejected the final government of the rsfsr? END
START what political organization controlled the rsfsr up to 1991? END
START what event prompted the end to the control of the communist party of the soviet union in the rsfsr? END
START who suspended the communist party of the russian soviet federative socialist republic? END
START what political organization controlled the rsfsr up to 1919? END
START what political organization didn't control the rsfsr up to 1991? END
START what event prompted the start of the control of the communist party of the soviet union in the rsfsr? END
START who didn't suspend the communist party of the russian soviet federative socialist republic? END
START who suspended the socialist party of the russian soviet federative socialist republic? END
START what is bell most famous for inventing? END
START what year did bell die? END
START what was special about his telephone? END
START what is bell's full name? END
START what is bell famous for inventing? END
START what were his relatives known for working on? END
START what was interesting about his mother and wife? END
START what year did bell get the patent for his telephone? END
START in what country did bell patent his telephone? END
START what did bell never put in his study? END
START how many people started the national geographic society? END
START bell was the second president of what magazine? END
START what field did bell later work in, apart from optical telecommunications and aeronautics? END
START what year did bell become president of the national geographic magazine? END
START what city was bell born in? END
START what material marks bells family  home as his birthplace? END
START what disease did his two brothers die of? END
START at what age did bell ask for a middle name? END
START what did those close to him call bell? END
START what sort of things did bell collect as a child? END
START who was bell's closest friend as a child? END
START what sort of mill did bell's neighbors run? END
START bell's dehusking machine combined what with nail brushes? END
START what was bell's reward for his dehusking machine? END
START bell was gifted at art, poetry, and what? END
START what did bell succeed at without being taught? END
START how old was bell when his mom started to go deaf? END
START what part of his mom's head would bell talk into? END
START what did bell research because of his mom's deafness? END
START where did bell's uncle live? END
START what was bell's father most famous for publishing? END
START bell learned to accurately read lips even without knowing what? END
START the standard elocutionist was printed how many times? END
START who taught bell when he was very young? END
START what school did bell leave at 15? END
START what was bell's favorite subject? END
START how old was bell when he became a "pupil-teacher"? END
START in what year did bell's father take him to see an automaton? END
START who created the automaton bell saw? END
START what did the automaton mimic? END
START bell built his own automaton with who? END
START what part of the automaton did bell create? END
START what living thing did bell use in his research? END
START what was bell's pet's name? END
START what phrase did people believe bell's dog could say? END
START bell investigated resonance using what? END
START what did bell  instruct his dog to do? END
START who did bell get to read his work? END
START what country was doing work similar to bell's? END
START who wrote the sensations of tone as a physiological basis for the theory of music? END
START how old was bell when he wrote his paper? END
START what fictional character is based on alexander ellis? END
START by what means did bell conclude vowel sounds could be made? END
START what else besides vowels did bell decide could be created? END
START what language was bell happy he couldn't read? END
START what did bell think he didn't know well enough? END
START in what year did the bell's move to london? END
START where did bell go in work in 1865? END
START what building was bell in? END
START how did bell sign his letters? END
START in what year did bell move home? END
START what city is susanna e. hull located in? END
START what sort of student attended susanna e. hull? END
START who died in 1870? END
START where did bell's father go to recover from illness? END
START what did bell help his final student get rid of? END
START how old was bell when he went to canada? END
START what boat did bell travel on? END
START in what canadian city did bell first arrive? END
START what city did bell arrive at by train? END
START how many acres was the farm the bell's bought in canada? END
START what building did bell use as a workshop? END
START what did bell call his special spot in the back of the property? END
START what native american language did bell learn? END
START what special status did bell get in the mohawk tribe? END
START where was the six nations reserve located? END
START what did bell rework to send music? END
START what is a melodeon a kind of? END
START when did bell go to montreal? END
START who went with bell to montreal? END
START how did bell's reworked melodeon send music? END
START who ran the boston school for deaf mutes? END
START what name does the boston school for deaf mutes go by now? END
START what month did bell go to boston? END
START bell trained who in boston? END
START what city was the american asylum in? END
START how many wires did bell send a signal through? END
START for  his system to work, bell had to change what about each code? END
START bell needed to fix both the transmitter and what? END
START where was bell's home? END
START what city did bell decide to return to? END
START in what year did bell open his own school? END
START how many people were in bell's first class? END
START which of bell's students is the most well known? END
START bell's goal was to instruct the deaf to speak and not use what? END
START what would happen so some children's hands in schools? END
START in what light to many pro-deaf people see bell? END
START what was the only language many deaf people had? END
START with what school did bell get his next teaching job? END
START what was bell's discipline? END
START what did bell do late at night? END
START what health condition did bell start to have? END
START in what year did bell start to focus on research into sound? END
START bell's two remaining students were "georgie" sanders and who? END
START what was georgie's father's name? END
START what disease made mabel deaf? END
START how old was mabel when she became deaf? END
START on what material did the phonautograph operate? END
START what kind of reed did bell want to play with? END
START what did bell believe the reeds would turn the signal into? END
START what instrument is a phonautograph similar to? END
START in what year was bell really working on his telegraph? END
START what business was william orton in charge of? END
START in 1874 the telegraph was known as the what of commerce? END
START what was the primary motivation for not building new telegraph lines? END
START thomas edison and what other scientist were already asked to work on a better telegraph? END
START who did bell go to see in 1875? END
START who ran the smithsonian in 1875? END
START what was henry's reply to bell's statement that he lacked information to complete his telegraph? END
START who did bell meet in 1874? END
START what kind of business did watson work at? END
START who did bell take on to work with him? END
START what month and day did watson and bell have a breakthrough? END
START how many reeds did bell conclude he needed? END
START what name was given to the telephone that sort of worked? END
START who gave money to bell and watson? END
START what did bell promise to split with his financers? END
START in what country other than the u.s. did bell try to patent his telegraph? END
START which country did bell first try to get a patent? END
START who did bell ask to get a patent in britain? END
START what kind of telegraph did bell create? END
START what material did elisha gray use to convey sound? END
START on what date did gray and bell both put in for a patent? END
START on what day did bell get to washington? END
START what office in washington did bell and gray visit? END
START what sort of machine did bell and gray both try to patent at the same time? END
START what number is bell's patent? END
START on what date did bell get his patent? END
START bell's patent was for the method and what for transmitting vocal and other sounds telegraphically? END
START on what day did bell go back to boston? END
START bell sketched a design that looked like the work of who? END
START what kind of transmitter did bell put in his telephone? END
START how did bell refer to his partner in his well known line? END
START what did the vibrations cause to change? END
START bell implemented gray's design as a what? END
START bell stopped using the liquid-based method after what month? END
START bell used his own design in all public demonstrations and what? END
START what part of the telephone was investigated by the patent officer? END
START when did bell put in his prior patent? END
START what liquid did bell use in his first application? END
START who declared himself an alcoholic? END
START in what war did wilber and bailey fight together? END
START how much did wilber say bell gave him in order to look at gray's paperwork? END
START what did bell only admit to knowing in a letter? END
START from what city did bell send his first message? END
START bell sent messages over wires hooked onto telegraph lines and what? END
START what did the group at the bells house hear other people doing? END
START how much did bell et al. try to sell his patent for? END
START who did bell et al. try to sell his patent to? END
START what did the president think the telephone was, such that he refused to buy the patent? END
START how much the the president of western union want to pay for the patent later on? END
START in what city was the 1876 centennial exposition? END
START what important person saw the telephone at the centennial exposition? END
START pedro ii was the emperor of what country? END
START which queen did bell present his invention to? END
START in what year was the bell telephone company founded? END
START how many people in the united states had a telephone by 1886? END
START in what year did bell get some of edison's patents? END
START what addition let people stop yelling into the telephone? END
START what company did bell acquire the carbon microphone from? END
START in what month and year did bell telephone across the country? END
START what company office did bell make the original cross country phone call from? END
START what city did bell make the first cross country call from? END
START what city did bell make the first cross country call to? END
START who was on the other end of the first cross country phone call? END
START during how many years did the bell company battle lawsuits? END
START how many times were bell's patents contested? END
START how many of the court cases wound up at the supreme court? END
START elisha gray and what other man were behind many of the court cases? END
START in 1887 the us government wanted to undo bell's patent due to fraud and what? END
START the us government lost the bid to overturn bell's patent in what court? END
START how many years did bell and the us government fight in court? END
START what excuse did the judges have for the trial despite the fact that the patents had expired? END
START on what date did the us government stop legal action? END
START who claimed to have invented the in 1834? END
START how many court trials did meucci participate in? END
START at what company were meucci's prototypes supposedly lost? END
START in what year did western union absorb adt? END
START what event caused meucci's trials to be dropped? END
START because of their patent, what didn't siemens & halske have to give bell? END
START what was the home city for the international bell telephone company? END
START in what year was the international bell telephone company founded? END
START who did bell marry in 1877? END
START how many children did bell and mabel have? END
START where did bell and his wife go on their honeymoon? END
START before 1897, what did bell get most of his money from? END
START in what year did mabel's father move to washington d.c.? END
START in what year did bell acquire a house in d.c.? END
START where did bell and mabel live before 1880? END
START what did bell have to go to court for in d.c.? END
START in what year did bell officially become an american? END
START what was bell's original nationality? END
START besides the us and uk, what other country claims bell as a citizen? END
START what does bell call people who are citizens of two countries? END
START what island in nova scotia did the bells go to in 1885? END
START in 1886, what lake did bell start building a house near? END
START what did the bells call the house completed in 1889? END
START how many people worked for the bell boatyard? END
START where did the bells live when the halifax explosion happened? END
START on what day did the halifax explosion happen? END
START which of their two homes did the bells start spending more time as bell aged? END
START what city adopted the bells? END
START what did the bells do to help the victims in halifax? END
START what series of books does gray say bell would go to sleep reading? END
START how many solo patents did bell get? END
START how many patents did bell co-author? END
START what famous lab did bell spend time working for? END
START what type of energy did bell investigate at the volta laboratory? END
START the magnetic field is part of what sort of recorder? END
START what form of water played a part in bell's home cooling system? END
START what did bell think could be collected from farm and factory byproduct? END
START what kind of toilet did bell work on? END
START right before his death, what kind of energy did he speculate about? END
START what did bell call his cord-free phone? END
START who did bell invent the cord-free phone with? END
START what did bell's cord-free phone use to transmit messages? END
START what lab association did bell and tainter both eventually join? END
START in the photophone, light carried sound and what? END
START bell and his assistant first used their photophone on what date? END
START how many feet did the first photophone message travel? END
START from what building was the first photophone message sent? END
START how many years after this photophone message would the first message take place over radio? END
START what did bell call the best thing he ever made? END
START bell thought the photophone was better than what famous invention? END
START what modern technology takes the next step from the photophone? END
START when was fiber-optics first patented? END
START in what decade did fiber-optics become widely used? END
START what did bell create in 1881? END
START what was in james garfield that they wanted to get out? END
START what did bell think was wrong with the bed, which prevented his machine from finding the bullet? END
START on which run did bell's metal detector give a small indication? END
START when did bell's metal detector work well? END
START bell gave his story about trying to find the bullet to the american association for the advancement of what? END
START where did bell go the day after trying to find the bullet? END
START what kind of mattress was the president directly on? END
START where did bell indicate that the bullet was too deep for his machine to register? END
START who wrote the paper laying out hydrofoils and hydroplanes? END
START what nationality was meacham? END
START what did bell start drawing after reading the article? END
START who helped bell investigate hydrofoils in 1908? END
START which italian scientist did baldwin draw inspiration from? END
START in what country did baldwin and forlanini get together? END
START what did baldwin liken the hydrofoil boat to? END
START which boat was first powered by a renault engine? END
START what color silk covered bell's kites? END
START who was on cygnet i when it crashed? END
START bell's kits were flown from 1907 to what year? END
START how many tetrahedral wings did bell create? END
START some of the kites remain at what national historic site? END
START what organization did bell set up due to his interest in aerospace? END
START when was the aea founded? END
START which original member of the aea held motorcycle speed records? END
START which branch of the military was lieutenant thomas selfridge in? END
START what did the aea work on after kites? END
START what material was the red wing's frame made of? END
START what kind of plane was the red wing? END
START how many accident-free flights had the aea taken by 1909? END
START who was the first person to die in a plane crash? END
START what did the aea name their last plane? END
START who was the first to fly the silver dart? END
START what professional did bell make sure was present during the first silver dart flight? END
START what business did baldwin and mccurdy start after the aea folded? END
START on what month and day did the silver dart take its first flight? END
START what kind of parents did bell state were more prone to having deaf children? END
START in 1921 the american museum of natural history hosted what event? END
START which biologist ran the committee on eugenics? END
START what did bell like to do that led to his involvement with eugenics? END
START what are bell's personal papers known as? END
START in what part of the library of congress are bell's papers kept? END
START apart from in person, how can one look at many of bell's papers? END
START in what university is the alexander graham bell institute? END
START in what province is the alexander graham bell institute located? END
START adjusted for inflation, how many dollars were awarded to bell alongside the volta prize? END
START victor hugo and what other author helped judge the volta prize in 1880? END
START who first established the volta prize? END
START the volta lab improved the phonograph by replacing tinfoil with what substance? END
START which bell-founded institution still operates in georgetown today? END
START what magazine did bell found alongside hubbard? END
START when did bell cease to be president of the national geographic society? END
START what enduring feature of national geographic did bell help implement? END
START what award did bell win in 1902? END
START what did bell receive from many centers of post-secondary education? END
START what is the most famous statue built for bell and his creation? END
START when was the bell telephone memorial constructed? END
START in what city was the bell telephone memorial constructed? END
START in which gardens was the bell telephone memorial constructed? END
START in 1936, what place did bell receive on a list of best inventors? END
START what was created in bell's image in 1940? END
START bell's stamp is part of which line? END
START on what date was the stamp officially released? END
START in which city was the stamp officially released? END
START what bird is depicted on the scottish banknote? END
START what do the sheep on the scottish banknote represent? END
START what form of currency did canada issue to celebrate bell in 1997? END
START in what year did canada put out a coin to commemorate the silver dart? END
START in 2002, where did bell place in a list of the greatest britons? END
START in 2004 bell was listed in the top how many greatest canadians? END
START in what scottish hall of fame is bell listed? END
START which institution listed bell in their hall of fame? END
START what disease contributed greatly to bell's death? END
START on what day and month did bell die? END
START who was the last person to see bell alive? END
START in what province did bell die? END
START what kind of wood was bell's coffin made from? END
START what color silk was used in bell's coffin? END
START what color were attendees asked to not wear at bell's funeral? END
START which singer performed at bell's funeral? END
START where was bell buried? END
START bell's living daughters were named elsie may and what? END
START over how many years did bell spend a great deal of time at beinn bhreagh? END
START what unit is named after bell? END
START what does the bel and decibel measure? END
START what lab invented the term "bel." END
START in what field is the alexander graham bell medal given out? END
START what was the first year the alexander graham bell medal was given out? END
START what is the term 'pub' short for? END
START where in the united states are pubs located? END
START what continental european country has pubs? END
START other than the united states, where in north america are pubs located? END
START who said that pubs are the heart of england? END
START what roman businesses were analogous to modern day pubs? END
START what similar establishments existed in the anglo-saxon world? END
START in what century did the tied house system develop? END
START what are traditional pub windows made out of? END
START what are the windows of 1990s and later pubs often made of? END
START aside from beverages, what types of food do pubs typically offer? END
START what is a proper term for the licensee of the pub? END
START what was the pub landlord often called in victorian times? END
START what are pubs called by those who regularly visit there? END
START teams for what sport can be found congregating at pubs? END
START what gaming tables can often be found in pubs? END
START in what decade did pubs tend to cease selling alcohol for off-premises drinking? END
START what was the name of the counter where pubs traditionally sold alcohol to drink at home? END
START what was a colloquial term for the off-sales counter? END
START along with high street chain stores and off-licenses, what stores undercut pub alcohol sales in the 1970s? END
START during what historical epoch did britons begin drinking ale? END
START in what century did the romans arrive in britain? END
START what was the latin term for the roman inns? END
START in what century did the romans leave britain? END
START what color bush did an anglo-saxon woman raise to indicate that her ale was done brewing? END
START when did the hostellers of london become a guild? END
START in what year did the hostellers of london change their name to the worshipful company of innholders? END
START where did travelers early in the middle ages often find lodgings? END
START what religious activity was responsible for the growing demand for hostelries? END
START aside from lodging, what amenities are often offered at inns? END
START what road is an inn often located near? END
START how many thousand years ago did the romans build their road system? END
START about how old are the oldest inns in europe? END
START what role did inns serve other than housing travelers? END
START what amenity does an inn offer that pubs, alehouses and taverns usually do not? END
START in what nation's pubs is food often served? END
START along with southwark and the tabard, what is a notable london inn? END
START in what country is "the welcome inn" frequently used as a name for pubs? END
START aside from human beings, what creature's needs were traditionally seen to at inns? END
START what is the main service of an inn, now also attainable in motels, hotels and lodges? END
START what is the main provision that pubs offer? END
START what are customers seeking when they visit restaurants or taverns? END
START what is a noted hotel brand throughout north america? END
START in the united states, what are operators of lodgings sometimes called? END
START along with the inns of chancery, in what inns did british lawyers historically conduct business? END
START in what city are the inns of chancery located? END
START outside england, what other country does the legal system founded around the inns of court operate in? END
START what was the one ingredient of traditional english ale? END
START what country pioneered the introduction of hops for beer production? END
START in what century was the process of using hops to produce beer introduced to england? END
START in what century did the first independent breweries appear in england? END
START what businesses were the dominant brewers of beer in england by the close of the 17th century? END
START after what political upheaval was gin introduced to england? END
START what people introduced gin to england? END
START in what year did the glorious revolution occur? END
START how much more gin than beer was made in england in 1740? END
START in 1740, what fraction of london drinking establishments were gin shops? END
START what artist created the engraving beer street and gin lane? END
START what law imposed a high tax on gin shops and resulted in riots? END
START when were the gin act 1736 duties eliminated?  END
START what law placed gin shops under the control of local magistrates? END
START in what century did gin houses proliferate throughout britain? END
START what book by dickens described activities in drinking establishments? END
START over what two-year period was sketches by boz written? END
START what was another name for gin houses early in the 19th century? END
START in what british city did gin houses first appear? END
START what law allowed the existence of beer houses? END
START in what way did small beer differ from regular beer? END
START what alcohol was regarded as evil when compared to beer? END
START what was the intention behind the passage of the beer act of 1830? END
START what is the approximate modern value of two guineas in 1830? END
START what did the beer act allow a householder to sell from his home? END
START on what day were beer houses closed? END
START along with barrels, what was beer typically dispensed from? END
START what was forbidden from being sold in beer houses? END
START how many beer houses opened their doors in the inaugural year of the beer act? END
START how many beer houses existed throughout britain eight years after the passage of the beer act? END
START in what year were additional licensing laws introduced for beer houses? END
START what establishments did beer houses become after buying an additional license? END
START by the end of what century were most beer houses closed? END
START where are purpose-built pubs typically located? END
START what modern brewers often first began as beer houses? END
START along with the royal oak and the crown, what is a traditional name for a pub? END
START what is an example of a name for a beer house? END
START in addition to a license to sell spirits, what did tavern owners require a license to sell? END
START in what century did public drinking regulations first exist in england? END
START what party received income from the sale of public drinking house licenses? END
START in what century were the operating hours of drinking establishments first limited? END
START in what decade were the restrictions on public drinking establishment licenses loosened? END
START what bodies controlled drinking establishment licensing administration as of 2005? END
START what law mandated a license from the local magistrate to sell beer? END
START at what locations were public house licenses granted? END
START retirees from what two professions often sought licenses for pubs? END
START what were licenses called that allowed spirits to be served at temporary premises? END
START where can historical licensing records be examined? END
START along with a public house's address, licensee, and the licensee's misdemeanors, what information was kept in licensing records? END
START what law further restricted public houses? END
START in what month and year was the defence of the realm act passed? END
START along with the period 6:30 pm–9:30 pm, what opening hours were acceptable under the defence of the realm act? END
START what is an example of a county where provinces were closed for violating the defence of the realm act? END
START what body enforced pubs' closing hours under the defence of the realm act? END
START what was the mandated closing time of pubs in kensington in the 1960s? END
START what was the mandated closing time of pubs in knightsbridge in the 1960s? END
START what is an example of an english city where breweries were run by the government? END
START in what year did the state management scheme cease? END
START on what days were scottish and welsh pubs often 'dry'? END
START circa 2000, what was the latest pubs in wales could be open until on every day but sunday? END
START what was the latest legal closing time on sundays in english pubs as of 2000? END
START how many hours per day were pubs located near billingsgate fish market allowed to remain open? END
START in 2000, what was the earliest welsh and english pubs could open on sundays? END
START in 2000, what was the earliest welsh and english pubs could open on any day but sunday? END
START when were wartime licensing laws ended in scotland? END
START what constituent countries of the united kingdom's licensing laws were notably flexible? END
START when did the licensing act 2003 come into effect? END
START after the licensing act 2003, who determined the operating hours of pubs? END
START due to the traditional closing hours, when was there often violence outside of pubs? END
START how many alcohol involved hospital admissions were there in 2006/7? END
START how many pubs applied to be allowed to sell alcohol 24 hours a day? END
START what is it called when the owner of a pub allows patrons to remain when the pub should have closed? END
START what law allows pubs to apply to extend their closing hours after 11pm? END
START a law of what year prompted the existence of the "lock-in"? END
START what action by a pub owner can result in his prosecution? END
START in what month and year was smoking banned in public places in scotland? END
START when did wales outlaw smoking in public? END
START what was the month and year when england banned public smoking? END
START what company took over scottish & newcastle's pubs? END
START what chain of pubs reported favorable profits in june 2009? END
START what street in islington was named for a pub run by mr ball? END
START on what street was the grecian saloon located? END
START what pub was the home of the grecian saloon? END
START what is rhyming slang for 'coat'? END
START in what century did saloons become established? END
START along with cabaret, striptease, bands and drama, what is a type of stage performance that can be found in pubs? END
START along with karaoke, what type of prerecorded music is often found in pubs? END
START what socioeconomic class was associated with the lounge bar in the 20th century? END
START what economic class was most likely to be found in the tap room? END
START in pence, what did the cheapest beer cost in the four-ale bar? END
START what was the tap room sawdust meant to absorb spills and spit called? END
START what is another name for the lounge bar? END
START in what decades did class distinctions break down in britain? END
START what was a common way of removing the division between the saloon and bar? END
START what is another name for the smoke room? END
START what was the relationship between the price of beer in the smoke room versus the rest of the bar? END
START along with the local police, what profession is given as an example of someone who might use the snug? END
START what were the windows in the snug made out of? END
START how many pubs were part of the camra survey? END
START according to camra, how many pubs in britain possess classic snugs? END
START in germany, what do servers do to serve beer in beer gardens? END
START before the pub, where did beer establishments keep their casks of ale? END
START what establishments inspired pubs to set up serving bars? END
START in what settlement is the pub known as the vine located? END
START what do the locals call the vine? END
START who pioneered the circular bar? END
START at what establishment was the circular bar introduced? END
START what was isambard brunel's occuption? END
START what was isambard brunel's nationality? END
START what is a "beer engine"? END
START what is the function of a "beer engine"? END
START who invented the beer pump in england? END
START in what city was the beer pump invented? END
START in what country was john lofting born? END
START what was the death year of john lofting? END
START when was john lofting born? END
START in what newspaper did john lofting mention his beer pump? END
START on what day was lofting's fire engine patent published? END
START how many barrels did lofting promise his beer pump would deliver hourly? END
START what location did john lofting live near? END
START in what london borough did nicholas wall reside? END
START what was william tillcar's profession? END
START what tavern did william tillcar live adjacent to? END
START what is a common name for a beer pump powered by hand? END
START along with electricity, what sometimes powers beer pumps that aren't operated by hand? END
START what was the name for a pub that could sell beer from more than one brewery? END
START in what century did the habit arise of pubs selling beer from only one brewery? END
START what was the name of the private individual who rented out a pub owned by a brewery? END
START what is a notable brewery in kent that owns hundreds of pubs? END
START what london breweries each own many pubs? END
START what is an example of a brewer that owns pubs throughout britain? END
START what law required that a pub offer at least one beer from a brewery it wasn't tied to? END
START in what year were the beer orders passed? END
START along with punch taverns and weatherspoons, what was an organization formed as a result of the beer orders? END
START what is the name of a company that retails but does not manufacture drinks? END
START along with breweries, what type of company may run a pub chain? END
START in what country was punch taverns established? END
START when a pub is bought by a new owner, what often happens to them? END
START what often happens to regional breweries after they sell their pubs? END
START what is the closest outlet for a brewery's beers called? END
START if the brewery tap is not located in the brewery, where is it usually located? END
START what is the term for a pub that brews and sells its own beer? END
START what is another name for a rural public house? END
START what was a function of distant country pubs before the rise of motor vehicles? END
START over what period of years has the traditional function of country pubs been changing? END
START what is a frequent modern function of country pubs? END
START along with community meetings, what was the traditional purpose of country pubs? END
START what is a blanket term for pubs that, for example, cater to sports fans? END
START what is an example of a theme pub that caters to people of a certain nationality? END
START what is an example of a theme pub that caters to people with certain musical interests? END
START what sort of theme pub would be likely to feature strippers? END
START in what sort of theme pub could one find visitors singing with musical accompaniment? END
START which monarch required landlords to post a sign if they wanted to sell ale? END
START in what year did the king demand ale-sellers post signage on pain of forfeiture? END
START what was william shakespeare's father's first name? END
START what was john shakespeare's profession? END
START if an ale-seller refused to post a sign, what punishment would he receive? END
START in what historical period was a large portion of the population illiterate? END
START from where did pubs without written names derive their names? END
START inscriptions from what language were sometimes present on pub signs? END
START along with the star and the sun, what was a typical symbol used on a pub sign? END
START what graphic belonging to the local lord was sometimes incorporated on the pub sign? END
START what plants were sometimes featured on pub signs? END
START local pub nicknames were often related to what profession? END
START what was an example of a battle that might lend itself to a pub name? END
START what town is the crow and gate located in? END
START what county is home to the crow and gate? END
START members of what family were sometimes used as pub names? END
START what hangs today over most british pub doors? END
START what piece of information is almost always listed on a pub sign? END
START what purpose do stand-alone signs serve for country pubs? END
START what is an example of a memorable name for a pub chain? END
START what sort of theme is thought memorable for modern pub names? END
START what is the purpose of a pub name? END
START what type of pub signs were useful to an illiterate clientele? END
START after whom was the marquis of granby pub named? END
START who was the father of john manners, marquess of granby? END
START what was the military rank of the 3rd duke of rutland? END
START in what century did the 3rd duke of rutland live? END
START what were pubs licensed in 1780 named? END
START the pub "the bag o'nails" was a corruption of what word? END
START what phrase was "the goat and compasses" a corruption of? END
START what does chaton fidèle mean in english? END
START what location does boulogne bouche refer to? END
START who won a victory at boulogne-sur-mer harbour? END
START what game played in both britain and america has become increasingly popular in pubs? END
START along with aunt sally and ringing the bull, what is one of the obscure traditional games played in pubs? END
START along with darts, skittles, dominoes and bar billiards, what is a well-known pub game? END
START along with dominoes, on what pub game can you legally bet in the united kingdom? END
START what table-based version of soccer is an increasingly popular pub game? END
START along with slot machines, what is a modern game that is increasingly present in pubs? END
START what is a pub that plays pop and hip-hop music called? END
START at what sort of pub can you watch rugby union on television? END
START along with bat and trap, what game is popular in south london pubs? END
START what is the term for pub-based football that is often played on sundays? END
START what sport is played on a pub's bowling green? END
START dr. feelgood and the kursaal flyers are examples of bands from what genre of music? END
START what genre of music was influenced by pub rock? END
START in what decade was pub rock popular? END
START pork scratchings, pickled eggs and salted crisps are examples of what type of food? END
START in london, what food vendors could often be found near pubs? END
START in what section of london can mobile shellfish stalls still be found today? END
START what seafood can often be purchased in jars at pubs? END
START during what decade did some british pubs provide "a pie and a pint"? END
START in what decade was the ploughman's lunch often consumed in pubs? END
START what decade saw the popularity of "chicken in a basket"? END
START what was "chicken in a basket" served in? END
START along with chicken, what food was included in "chicken in a basket"? END
START what are foods like fish and chips and chicken wings called when they're served at a pub? END
START on what day do pubs sometimes offer free snacks? END
START what culture's cuisine is ploughman's lunch a part of? END
START during what decade did food become an important aspect of a pub's business? END
START along with dinners, what meals do modern pubs often serve? END
START what is a term for pubs that serve restaurant-quality food? END
START other than the bar, in what room might patrons of a pub eat? END
START what two words is 'gastropub' a portanteau of? END
START in what year was the term gastropub invented? END
START along with david eyre, who took over the eagle pub? END
START in what city is the eagle pub located? END
START in what area of london is the eagle pub located? END
START how many pubs does the national trust own? END
START in what city is the george inn located? END
START what city is home to the crown liquor saloon? END
START what part of the united kingdom is belfast located in? END
START what body maintains a national inventory of notable pubs? END
START what pub in england is the highest above sea level? END
START in what county is the tan hill inn located? END
START how many meters above sea level is the tan hill inn? END
START in what settlement is the pub known as the old forge located? END
START in what country of the united kingdom is the old forge pub located? END
START what pub holds the guinness world record as the oldest in england? END
START in what century was the building occupied by ye olde fighting cocks built? END
START where is ye olde trip to jerusalem located? END
START when does ye olde trip to jerusalem claim to have been founded? END
START when was a pub documented as existing on the current site of the nags head? END
START where is the old ferryboat inn located? END
START how far back does the foundation of the old ferryboat inn date? END
START when was ale first served at the site of the old ferryboat inn? END
START when does the bingley arms claim to have been founded? END
START in what county is the bingley arms located? END
START when does the building housing ye olde salutation inn date back to? END
START where is ye olde salutation inn located? END
START when does the building housing ye olde man & scythe date from? END
START what town is the q inn located in? END
START what county is home to the old 13th cheshire rifleman corps inn? END
START what pub has the shortest name in the united kingdom? END
START what is the pub with the longest name in the uk? END
START what county is stalybridge in? END
START when was a smoking ban passed in the united kingdom? END
START in what year did the number of united kingdom pubs generally start to decline? END
START competition from what new form of establishment is sometimes blamed for the decline of pubs? END
START what business that sells cheap alcohol has sometimes been held to have resulted in the decline of pubs? END
START how many closed pubs did the lost pubs project catalog? END
START in what year did parliament inquire into the frequency of pub closures? END
START what did parliament promise to pass as a result of increased pub closures? END
START who was based out of the swan inn? END
START in what county was the swan inn located? END
START what was the name of the innkeeper at the spread eagle in the 1920s? END
START in what year was an innkeeper's diary published? END
START what publishing house published an innkeeper's diary? END
START what pub was associated with samuel johnson, perhaps erroneously? END
START along with the prospect of whitby, what pub was samuel pepys associated with? END
START what writer was known to visit both the cheshire cheese and the prospect of whitby? END
START along with the prospect of whitby and the cheshire cheese, what pub did dickens visit? END
START what is the street address of the fitzroy tavern? END
START in what district of london is the fitzroy tavern located? END
START in what district of london is pillars of hercules located? END
START what real-life pub provided the model for orwell's the moon under water? END
START in what district of london is the canonbury tavern located? END
START where is the red lion located? END
START what notable feature of the red lion reflects its parliamentary connection? END
START who owned the punch bowl with guy ritchie? END
START in what district of london was the punch bowl located? END
START what pub was visited by freddie mercury? END
START at what pub did ronnie kray kill someone in 1966? END
START what pub is associated with some of jack the ripper's victims? END
START outside what pub was david blakely shot? END
START what is the present name of the former crown and anchor? END
START in what year did joseph stalin visit london? END
START at what pub did thomas paine write the rights of man? END
START in what district of london is the angel located? END
START what writer mentioned the angel pub in his writings? END
START what is the present status of the angel pub? END
START prior to becoming a pub, what did the angel serve as? END
START along with the eagle and child, at what pub did the inklings regularly meet? END
START where is the eagle and child located? END
START along with j. r. r. tolkien, who was a noted member of the inklings? END
START where is the eagle pub located? END
START on what date did francis crick announce to an audience of pub-goers that he had discovered dna? END
START what pub is feature on the british soap opera coronation street? END
START what pub is featured on eastenders? END
START what channel is eastenders broadcast on? END
START what channel is home to the soap opera emmerdale? END
START what pub is featured on emmerdale? END
START what would be a more accurate classification for many "british" pubs found outside britain? END
START what continental european country has pubs that would be familiar to a briton? END
START how many british cask beers were present at the 2008 european beer festival? END
START in what city did the 2008 european beer festival take place? END
START about how many people visited the 2008 european beer festival? END
START what is the native irish term for a pub's atmosphere? END
START what does teach tábhairne mean in english? END
START what irish term means "drinkinghouse"? END
START vis-à-vis pubs in ireland, what feature do pubs in northern ireland lack? END
START what country outside ireland is known for having irish pubs? END
START traditionally, what was the popular term for a drinking establishment in english-speaking canada? END
START in what decade did "bar" become the popular term for a drinking establishment in english-speaking canada? END
START in the 19th century, what term was used in english-speaking canada to describe a drinking establishment? END
START what body often runs pubs on the campuses of canadian universities? END
START in what decade could one find an "english looking" pub trend in canada? END
START what does isp stand for? END
START what does an isp do? END
START what forms can an isp be organized in? END
START what are the initials for an internet service proxy? END
START what kind of service providers are always commercial providers? END
START what kind of organization are all for profit? END
START what type of organization provides internet access? END
START what are some services provided by an isp? END
START what kind of organization blocks internet access END
START what are some services not provided by an isp? END
START why was the internet developed? END
START when was the internet developed? END
START what happened to the internet in the late 1980s? END
START when were remaining restrictions on the internet removed? END
START how long after the introduction of the world wide web was 1995? END
START what was developed as a way for various universities to communicate with each other? END
START what process was set up by the early 1980s? END
START when was the internet further restricted? END
START what happened four years after the introduction of the world wide web? END
START where were the first isps established? END
START where was the first commercial isp in the us located?  END
START when was the first commercial isp customer served? END
START when were the first commercial isps established? END
START what was the name of the first commercial isp in the us? END
START where was the first isp s established in 1999? END
START what was established in boston massachusetts? END
START what was the name of the first private isp? END
START what did the world do in 1999? END
START what would the absence of net neutrality permit?  END
START what may possibly be a solution to net neutrality concerns?  END
START how did president obama recommend to classify the internet?  END
START what did the fcc choose to apply to the internet?  END
START what would the internet be classified as based on title ii?  END
START what did the implementation of net neutrality permit? END
START what was net neutrality a solution to? END
START what yell law school professor considered to options regarding internet service? END
START what did the democrats present in 2015 END
START what is the fcc expected to oppose with its vote? END
START when did the fcc rule on net neturality? END
START how did the fcc rule on net neutrality? END
START what did the fcc adopt for the internet?  END
START what amendment did the chairman of the fcc compare this ruling to?  END
START what did the fcc chairman say both the internet and the first amendment stand for? END
START who ruled against neutrality in february 2015? END
START what to ask did fcc rule against? END
START who compared his ruling to the fourth amendment? END
START the telecommunication act of 1934 and the internet were compared to what? END
START when did the fcc publish its final rule on net neutrality regulations? END
START when was a general summary of net neutrality released? END
START when was the first draft of the net neutrality regulations published? END
START what do isps provide? END
START how do isps provide internet access? END
START what is one type of technology used to connect to the internet?  END
START what type of technology is used to connect to the internet wirelessly?  END
START what was an earlier technology used to connect to the internet?  END
START who provides the internet? END
START what old technology was unable to be used to connect to the internet? END
START what technology is used to connect the internet through wires? END
START computer motherboards are used to do what? END
START what traditional options were available for users and small businesses?  END
START what is it called when fiber-optics are used for end users? END
START who is served by dial-up, dsl, adsl, cable modems, or isdns? END
START what options were available to large businesses? END
START what is using fiber optics to providers called? END
START what modern options are available to users and small businesses? END
START what type of customers would typically have more demanding requirements?  END
START what does atm stand for in relation to internet providers?  END
START what is high-speed dsl used for?  END
START what is sonet?  END
START what is available to customers with less demanding requirements? END
START what's the abbreviation for synchronous transfer mode END
START what are the abbreviations for asynchronous optical networking END
START what is a mailbox provider?  END
START what is an organization that provides hosting of electronic mail domains?  END
START what is the purpose of a mailbox provider?  END
START how does a user store electronic mail? END
START what is an internet mail service provider? END
START what online service does not provide storage? END
START who allows people to send but not accept in-store mail? END
START who invented male domains? END
START what is smtp? END
START what is imap? END
START how is access to mail provided?  END
START what are most mailbox providers as well?  END
START who possibly controls their own mail servers?  END
START all mailbox providers were also what? END
START what are examples of access providers? END
START what is used by organizations that depend on others to provide mail services? END
START how is traditional male provided? END
START what do internet hosting services provide?  END
START who provides a virtual server service? END
START who provides cloud services? END
START internet hosting protocols provide what? END
START who provides physical servers to customers END
START who provides off-line storage services END
START who does an isp pay for internet access? END
START why does an isp need to pay an upstream isp? END
START what does an upstream isp provide for an isp? END
START what usually has a larger network, the isp of the customer or the upstream isp? END
START what do isps pay customers for? END
START what usually has a small network than a contracting isp? END
START what does an upstream isp provide for customers? END
START what does the contracting isp have access to that the upstream isp does not? END
START what is the simplest case of an isp using an upstream isp?  END
START what do transit isps provide?  END
START a mode of interconnection is often cascaded multiple times until reaching what? END
START what is a pop? END
START what provides bandwidth for the connecting of hosting isps and access isps? END
START who provides minimal amounts of bandwidth for connecting isps? END
START what is a point of protocol abbreviated as? END
START what has the same connection to an upstream isp? END
START what transmits internet within the home? END
START what is a visp? END
START what do visps resemble?  END
START what do visps purchase services from?  END
START who does an isp purchase services from? END
START who do wholesale isp purchased services from? END
START what do virtual network operators resemble? END
START how do visp's customers access the internet? END
START what are free isps? END
START what do free isps display in exchange for service? END
START what are free isps similar to?  END
START how are freenets run?  END
START what type of isps are free of restrictions? END
START who accepts donations instead of charging for services? END
START what kind of television are free isps like? END
START what are for-profit isps called? END
START what is a wisp?  END
START what technology is part of a wisp? END
START what are some bands that wi-fi can operate over?  END
START what is a wireless internet service provider's network based on? END
START what is a wired internet service provider? END
START what kind of uncommon networking is used for wisps END
START what operates unlicensed frequencies? END
START what is designed to operate under open 900 mhz END
START w isp do not operate in what band? END
START what is peering?  END
START what does peering allow?  END
START why is peering used?  END
START what are ixs?  END
START where do multiple isps connect?  END
START who may not engage in peering? END
START different networks charge each other for what? END
START what would've been incurred by data passing through a third upstream isp? END
START nothing to what costs isps more money? END
START is a tradeoff between efficiency and cost possible?  END
START what sort of route does data follow?  END
START what trade-off is not possible? END
START what follows most inefficient route? END
START what works unreliably? END
START what ensures upstream connections are not reliable? END
START what are isps subject to monitoring by in some countries?  END
START what is the controversial n.s.a. program used in the u.s.? END
START what does prism do?  END
START what do isps integrate into their network to provide information to intelligence agencies?  END
START what do dcsnet in the us and sorm in russia do?  END
START what are isps not legally required to do? END
START what this prism stopped the national security agency for doing? END
START who objects to prism END
START what do isps remove from their networks to discourage intelligence agencies? END
START what do many people say violates the first amendment? END
START which form of comics entails the use of photographic images? END
START in addition to onomatopoeia and captions, what can be used to show the dialogue in comics? END
START what type of comic has taken off in the 21st century? END
START the various sizes as well as how panels are arranged help with what aspect of comics? END
START which form of comics entails the use of autographic images? END
START in addition to onomatopoeia and captions, what can't be used to show the dialogue in comics? END
START in addition to onomatopoeia and captions, what can be used to show the non-dialogue in comics? END
START what type of comic has taken off in the 20th century? END
START the various sizes as well as how panels are arranged don't help with what aspect of comics? END
START when did rodolphe töpffer create cartoons? END
START which superhero appeared in comics in 1938? END
START what is japanese cartooning known as? END
START when did rodolphe töpffer create news? END
START which superhero appeared in comics in 1983? END
START which antihero appeared in comics in 1938? END
START what is chinese cartooning known as? END
START what is japanese cartooning not known as? END
START french comics are also known as what? END
START when is the term comics considered singular rather than plural? END
START the historical aspect of cartooning can be applied to mass reproduction or what? END
START some experts believe comics is a combination of what two things? END
START what are japanese comics called? END
START french comics are not known as what? END
START when is the term comics considered multiple rather than plural? END
START the non-historical aspect of cartooning can be applied to mass reproduction or what? END
START no experts believe comics is a combination of what two things? END
START what are japanese comics never called? END
START who is best known for being the first comics creator in europe? END
START who is considered to be the first comic creator in america? END
START when did outcault's the yellow kid appear in newspapers? END
START what style of comics did japan have a long history with prior to world war ii? END
START who is best known for being the last comics creator in europe? END
START who is least known for being the first comics creator in europe? END
START who is considered to be the last comic creator in america? END
START when did outcault's the yellow kid appear in books? END
START what style of comics did japan have a long history with prior to world war i? END
START in france, what did historians find that they consider a precedent for comics? END
START what michelangelo work do historians consider to be a precedent for comics? END
START in egypt, historians consider what to be a precedent for comics? END
START in rome, what do historians consider to be a precedent for comics? END
START in france, what did historians find that they consider a irrelevant for comics? END
START what michelangelo work do historians consider to be irrelevant for comics? END
START what donatello work do historians consider to be a precedent for comics? END
START in egypt, historians consider what to be irrelevant for comics? END
START in rome, what do scientists consider to be a precedent for comics? END
START what was the first illustrated humor periodical in britain during the 19th century? END
START when did the glasgow looking glass begin? END
START in britain, what was the most liked illustrated humor periodical? END
START which comic character was the first to appear in a weekly magazine? END
START when did ally sloper first appear? END
START what was the last illustrated humor periodical in britain during the 19th century? END
START when did the glasgow looking glass end? END
START in britain, what was the least liked illustrated humor periodical? END
START which comic character was the last to appear in a weekly magazine? END
START when did ally sloper last appear? END
START which outlet did comic supplements find success in? END
START which strip had a good deal of success as a comic strip? END
START which outlet did comic supplements fail in? END
START which outlet did news supplements find success in? END
START which outlet didn't comic supplements find success in? END
START which strip had no success as a comic strip? END
START which strip had a good deal of success as a news article? END
START what comic strip did bud fisher have success with? END
START when did mutt and jeff appear? END
START when did comic books make an appearance? END
START which comic book had success with its first superhero in 1938? END
START what comic strip did bud fisher fail with? END
START what news column did bud fisher have success with? END
START when did mutt and jeff end? END
START when did news books make an appearance? END
START which comic book failed with its first superhero in 1938? END
START which genre of comic books had parents concerned? END
START which group was created after a senate hearing on comic books content? END
START when did super heroes become popular again in comic books? END
START when did the alternative comics movement begin? END
START which genre of comic books had children concerned? END
START which genre of comic books had parents excited? END
START which group was disbanded after a senate hearing on comic books content? END
START when did super heroes lose popularity again in comic books? END
START when did the alternative comics movement end? END
START serialization of comics became less popular when? END
START how were comics published when serialization became less common? END
START which small publisher published in formats that were not traditional? END
START comics continue to thrive regardless of the decrease in what market? END
START serialization of comics became more popular when? END
START serialization of newspapers became less popular when? END
START how were comics published when serialization became more common? END
START which major publisher published in formats that were not traditional? END
START comics continue to decline regardless of the decrease in what market? END
START what picture books from the 17th century show manga origins? END
START what is ukiyo-e an example of? END
START what picture books from the 16th century show manga origins? END
START what picture newspapers from the 17th century show manga origins? END
START what picture books from the 17th century don't show manga origins? END
START what is ukiyo-e not an example of? END
START what didn't become popular between the 17th and 20th centuries? END
START when did comic supplements start showing up in japan? END
START who introduced satirical strips to japan? END
START when did jiji manga debut? END
START who started the first japanese comic strip in modern times? END
START when did comic strips start appearing in hardback collection volumes? END
START when did comic supplements stop showing up in japan? END
START when did comic supplements start showing up in china? END
START who never introduced satirical strips to japan? END
START when did jiji manga end? END
START who started the last japanese comic strip in modern times? END
START what comic strip was created by osamu tezuka? END
START where were comic strip stories first serialized? END
START what is considered the start of the modern comics in japan? END
START what comic strip was ended by osamu tezuka? END
START what comic strip wasn't created by osamu tezuka? END
START where were comic strip stories never serialized? END
START what is considered the end of the modern comics in japan? END
START what is considered the start of the ancient comics in japan? END
START where do comics usually appear? END
START where do comics never appear? END
START what country do weekly strips have normally occupied a single tier? END
START what country do daily strips have abnormally occupied a single tier? END
START what country do daily strips have normally occupied a double tier? END
START while saturday strips have been given how many tiers? END
START where do serialized comics in japan typically appear? END
START how often are european serialized comics in magazines? END
START how often do serialized comics typically appear in japanese magazines? END
START how long is the typical japanese comic magazine? END
START where do non-serialized comics in japan typically appear? END
START where do serialized comics in japan atypically appear? END
START how often are american serialized comics in magazines? END
START how often do serialized comics typically appear in chinese magazines? END
START how long is the atypical japanese comic magazine? END
START what are bounds volumes of comics called in america? END
START what is the name given to japanese comics volumes? END
START what type of work is the word novel generally geared towards? END
START what term can mean a non-fiction piece of a collection of short pieces? END
START what are bounds volumes of newspapers called in america? END
START what is the name not given to japanese comics volumes? END
START what type of play is the word novel generally geared towards? END
START what term can mean a fiction piece of a collection of short pieces? END
START what term can mean a non-fiction piece of a collection of long pieces? END
START where did gag cartoons first make an appearance? END
START when did gag single-panel illustrations become known as cartoons? END
START in which publication was cartoon first used to describe gag single-panel illustrations? END
START where did gag cartoons last make an appearance? END
START where did serious cartoons first make an appearance? END
START when did serious single-panel illustrations become known as cartoons? END
START when did gag single-panel illustrations become known as comics? END
START in which publication was cartoon last used to describe gag single-panel illustrations? END
START what did comics have in the united states because of cultural roots? END
START who thought pop culture was a risk? END
START what was thought to be only good for children and those who could not read or write? END
START what did comics have in the united states because of sports roots? END
START what did comics not have in the united states because of cultural roots? END
START who thought pop culture wasn't at risk? END
START what was thought to be bad for children and those who could not read or write? END
START what was thought to be only good for children and those who could read or write? END
START what is a comic that is as long as a book called? END
START who helped "graphic novel" get public attention? END
START what decade did the term "graphic novel" become well known by the public? END
START in addition to printed graphic novels in stores, what became popular online? END
START the popularity of the watchmen, the dark knight returns and what other comic helped popularize "graphic novel" as a term? END
START what is a comic that is as short as a book called? END
START who helped "graphic novel" lose public attention? END
START what decade did the term "graphic novel" become lesser known by the public? END
START in addition to printed graphic novels in stores, what became popular offline? END
START the loss in popularity of the watchmen, the dark knight returns and what other comic helped popularize "graphic novel" as a term? END
START who started producing comic strips and theories about them in 1827? END
START what century had comics in wide production? END
START what 1925 cartoon made speech bubbles popular? END
START what comics began to dominate in europe? END
START when was "the adventures of tintin" serialized? END
START who started producing comic strips and theories about them in 1872? END
START what century had comics in local production? END
START what 1925 cartoon made speech bubbles unpopular? END
START when was "the adventures of tintin" unserialized? END
START in the united states in the middle of the 20th century comics were seen as a risk to culture and what? END
START what was seen as "infantile" in the united states? END
START comics were quoted as a sabotage of art and what? END
START in the united states in the middle of the 19th century comics were seen as a risk to culture and what? END
START in the united states in the middle of the 20th century comics were seen as a boon to culture and what? END
START what was seen as sophisticated reading in the united states? END
START comics were quoted as a product of art and what? END
START comics were quoted as a sabotage of writing and what? END
START comics for adults began to be called what? END
START what year did pilote begin? END
START what became a best-seller comic in the french language? END
START what does bandes dessinées not mean? END
START comics for kids began to be called what? END
START what year did pilote end? END
START what became a best-seller comic in the english language? END
START what became a low-seller comic in the french language? END
START pilote cartoonists were upset with censorship and what? END
START when was l'écho des savanes begun? END
START métal hurlant was of what genre? END
START what format did adult comics begin to be published in? END
START pilote cartoonists were happy with censorship and what? END
START pilote readers were upset with censorship and what? END
START when was l'écho des savanes ended? END
START métal hurlant wasn't of what genre? END
START what format did child comics begin to be published in? END
START which historical overview did seiki hosokibara create? END
START when did hosokibara create nihon manga-shi? END
START what was created in 2001 to give students comic scholarships? END
START who helped the rest of the world use the word manga outside of japan's borders? END
START what publication is schodt responsible for? END
START which historical overview did seiki hosokibara reject? END
START when did hosokibara reject nihon manga-shi? END
START what was abolished in 2001 to give students comic scholarships? END
START who helped the rest of the world use the word manga inside of japan's borders? END
START what publication is schodt not responsible for? END
START who put together a history of american comics in 1947? END
START what was the name of waugh's work? END
START who created a book about comics from a philosophical point of view? END
START what book did will eisner create in 1985? END
START who put together a history of american comics in 1974? END
START who didn't put together a history of american comics in 1947? END
START what wasn't the name of waugh's work? END
START who created a book about comics from a biographical point of view? END
START what book did will eisner create in 1958? END
START what word is used in france for comics? END
START what word is used in japan for comics? END
START what does bandes dessinées mean? END
START what is the definitive factor of bandes dessinées? END
START what word is rejected in france for comics? END
START what word is used in france for comedies? END
START what word isn't used in japan for comics? END
START what doesn't bandes dessinées mean? END
START what is the non-definitive factor of bandes dessinées? END
START what comics are on the internet? END
START webcomics reach large audiences and new what? END
START with webcomics, readers have access to what? END
START not held back by size limits, webcomics are said to have a what? END
START what comics aren't on the internet? END
START webcomics reach small audiences and new what? END
START webcomics reach large audiences and old what? END
START with webcomics, readers have no access to what? END
START held back by size limits, webcomics are said to have a what? END
START storyboards and what are thought to be comics by some? END
START storyboards are used a lot by what? END
START storyboards are not considered what? END
START who does not often see storyboards used in film making? END
START a book with pictures with no captions that tell a story are called what? END
START storyboards and what are thought to be comics by all? END
START storyboards are not used a lot by what? END
START scripts are used a lot by what? END
START storyboards are considered what? END
START a book without pictures with no captions that tell a story are called what? END
START what has not been reached as far as defining comics is concerned? END
START r. c. harvey, will eisner and others are considered to be comic what? END
START what are there prominent examples of in comic history? END
START comic critics, such as mccloud, stressed that sequences of what should be primary? END
START what century had forgotten comic forms rediscovered? END
START what has been reached as far as defining comics is concerned? END
START r. c. harvey, will eisner and others are not considered to be comic what? END
START what aren't there prominent examples of in comic history? END
START comic critics, such as mccloud, stressed that sequences of what should be secondary? END
START what century had remembered comic forms rediscovered? END
START in the 1840s, töpffer wrote theories about whose work? END
START who introduced the term "multiframe"? END
START who used a semiotics method to study comics in the 1970s? END
START who used cognitive science to learn how people understand comics? END
START in the 1940s, töpffer wrote theories about whose work? END
START who rejected the term "multiframe"? END
START who never used a semiotics method to study comics in the 1970s END
START who used a semiotics method to study comics in the 1980s END
START who used cognitive science to learn how dogs understand comics? END
START what russian word is used for comics? END
START what german word is used for comics? END
START what chinese word was derived from the japanese word manga? END
START what korean word was derived from the japanese word for manga? END
START what russian word isn't used for comics? END
START what prussian word is used for comics? END
START what german word isn't used for comics? END
START what chinese word wasn't derived from the japanese word manga? END
START what korean word wasn't derived from the japanese word for manga? END
START the word comic comes from the humorous pieces found where? END
START comic is used for what other kind of work other than humorous works? END
START comic books are what type of books? END
START what is the term that the english use for the comics out of japan? END
START what is the term that the english use for the comics that come out of belgian? END
START the word comic comes from the nonhumorous pieces found where? END
START comic is used for what other kind of work especially humorous works? END
START comic books aren't what type of books? END
START what is the term that the french use for the comics out of japan? END
START what is the term that the english use for the comics that don't come out of belgian? END
START though one person typically creates the comic, there are usually a number of what involved in actually designing it? END
START what is a person called who does the initial pencil work for the artwork? END
START what does an inker do? END
START though one person always creates the comic, there are usually a number of what involved in actually designing it? END
START what is a person called who doesn't do the initial pencil work for the artwork? END
START what is a person called who does the initial pen work for the artwork? END
START what does an linker do? END
START what doesn't an inker do? END
START what are the individual images with action called in comics? END
START narrative is placed into panels using what? END
START who puts the panels together using closure? END
START timing and pace of comics is made by adjusting size, shape and what of panels? END
START when a comic panel has events that are not at the same time the panel is considered to be what? END
START what are the multiple images with action called in comics? END
START narrative isn't placed into panels using what? END
START who takes the panels apart using closure? END
START timing and pace of comics is made by not adjusting size, shape and what of panels? END
START when a comic panel has events that are at the same time the panel is considered to be what? END
START what association with comics is strong? END
START the presence of a single speech balloon in an image turns it into what? END
START what type of words are used to do sound effects in comics? END
START what association with comics is weak? END
START what disassociation with comics is strong? END
START the presence of a double speech balloon in an image turns it into what? END
START the non-presence of a single speech balloon in an image turns it into what? END
START what type of words are used to do word effects in comics? END
START what type of ink is often used in making comics? END
START what method is mostly used in making comics? END
START mixed media and what else are becoming popular for making comics? END
START motion lines and what are often used in comics? END
START what type of ink is never used in making comics? END
START what type of ink is often used in making comedies? END
START what method is least used in making comics? END
START mixed media and what else are becoming unpopular for making comics? END
START motion lines and what are never used in comics? END
START the term comedies refers to what? END
START the term comics doesn't refer to what? END
START when comic appears as a countable verb it refers to what? END
START when comedies appears as a countable noun it refers to what? END
START when comic doesn't appear as a countable noun it refers to what? END
START what is saint helena tropical island named after? END
START what ocean is saint helena located in? END
START what is the population of saint helena? END
START how big is saint helena tropical island? END
START when was the island discovered? END
START how many boers were taken prisoner during the second boer war? END
START why was dinuzulu kacetshwayo imprisoned on the island? END
START the roots of what were established on saint helena? END
START what did scientists attempt to boost artificially on saint helena? END
START the environmental intervention was linked to the conceptualization of what process? END
START what date was the island discovered on? END
START what navigator discovered the island? END
START what country was joão da nova doing service for? END
START what person is saint helena island named after? END
START what did the island have an abundance of when discovered? END
START what was imported by the settlers of the island? END
START what kind of buildings were built by the settlers? END
START who was left on the island to recover when sick? END
START what was the island a source of for ships travelling from asia to europe? END
START who probably located the island on their final leg of their circumnavigation trip? END
START what did english ships of war attack on the island? END
START who developed a far east trade and began to frequent the island? END
START who gave up calling at the island due to attacks on their shipping? END
START who claimed saint helena in 1633? END
START what year did the dutch abandon the island? END
START which colony did the dutch abandon the island for? END
START who was granted a charter to govern saint helena? END
START who granted the english east company a character to govern the island? END
START who was the first governor of saint helena? END
START what year did the first governor arrive to saint helena? END
START who had the sole right to fortify and colonize the island? END
START what did the english east india company have difficulty attracting? END
START what problems lead to a suggesting to relocate the population? END
START what was the name of the governor who suggested relocating the population of saint helena? END
START what was the location that was suggested the population be moved too? END
START how many slaves were on the island in 1723? END
START when did the island start to experience a period of prosperity? END
START what captain visited the island in 1775 on their trip around the world? END
START what church was erected in jamestown in 1774? END
START what is the official residence of the governor? END
START who set up an astronomical observatory on saint helena? END
START what university did edmond halley attend? END
START how many feet was the telescope that was set up in the observatory? END
START what district is the telescope set up in? END
START what hemisphere of stars did edmond halley want to study with the telescope? END
START saint helena was an important port of which company? END
START what did ships replenish at saint helena? END
START what vessel was owned by captain james? END
START what vessel resupplied at the island in may 1771? END
START vessels of what navy protected convoys? END
START what was made illegal in 1792? END
START what year did coolie labourers arrive? END
START how many coolie labourers were on the island by 1818? END
START what was the population of the island in 1814? END
START the british government detained who in saint helena? END
START what year was napoleon bonaparte taken to the island? END
START where did napoleon bonaparte stay until he found permanent residence? END
START what ended up being the permanent residence of napoleon bonaparte? END
START what year did napoleon bonaparte pass away? END
START who took full control of the island after napoleon's death? END
START the eic made what available to the government of the island between 1815 and 1830? END
START the packet schooner st helena brought supplies of what to the island? END
START which product of saint helena was praised by napoleon? END
START where did saint helena's coffee get popular after napoleon's death? END
START what product got popular in paris after napoloen's death? END
START when was importation of slaves banned in saint helena? END
START the emancipation of the slaves of saint helena did not take place until what year? END
START who banned slavery in their colonies? END
START over how many slaves ended up getting emancipated on saint helena? END
START what act gave control of saint helena to the british crown? END
START who turned over control of saint helena to the british crown? END
START during the latter half of the 19th century what ships became prevalent that weren't dependent on trade winds? END
START how many ships were going to the island in 1855? END
START by 1889 how many ships were going to the island? END
START who established a naval station to cut down on african slave trade on the island in 1840? END
START between 1840 and 1849 how many freed slaves landed on the island? END
START what were the freed slaves known as? END
START which french emperor gained possession of longwood house and the land surrounding it? END
START what year did the french emperor napoleon iii take control of longwood house? END
START who was the last resident of longwood house before napoleon iii took it over? END
START who has authority over longwood house? END
START who arrived in jamestown during their solo round the world voyage? END
START when did joshua slocum arrive in jamestown? END
START when did joshua slocum depart from jamestown to continue his trip? END
START who presented two lectures on their voyage? END
START what country does the local industry that manufactures fibre get their flax from? END
START what island was made a dependency of saint helena in 1922? END
START what was the name of the airport the united states built on ascension island? END
START what year was wideawake airport built? END
START what did the island sell for increased revenue during this period? END
START what year did flax prices peak? END
START the british post offices decision to use what kind of fibres hurt the flax industry? END
START what year did the island's flax mills close? END
START what year did the union castle shipping line slowly start to reduce their service calls to the island? END
START which shipping company replaced union-castle line mailship service? END
START what year was union-castle line mailship replaced? END
START what right was lost by the citizen of the islands due to the act? END
START what department was formed to help raise the living standards of the citizens in saint helena? END
START what year was the development and economic planning department formed? END
START where was the only work outside of saint helena located? END
START what year was the replacement for the rms st helena launched? END
START who launched the replacement rms st helena? END
START what route was the replacement rms st helena built for? END
START what kind of layout did the rms st helena have? END
START what year did the saint helena constitution officially take effect? END
START in 2002 what act granted full british citizenship to the citizens of the islands? END
START what were the dependent territories renamed to? END
START how much money was spent on construction of the island's airport? END
START which government built the island's airport? END
START when was the airport expected to be fully functional? END
START which industry is the airport supposed to help when it becomes complete? END
START how many tourists are expected annually thanks to the airport? END
START what is the nearest port to saint helena? END
START what is the closest international airport to saint helena called? END
START what is the mail boat that serves the island called? END
START what hemisphere is the island located in? END
START what area is the island classified as being in by the united nations? END
START how many square miles is saint helena? END
START what kind of rock are coastal regions of saint helena covered with? END
START how many feet high is the highest peak of saint helena? END
START what year did diana's peak officially become a state park? END
START what was formed in 2002 to replant parts of the great wood? END
START how close are the rockets and islets off the coast? END
START which direction from the island is upper black rock located? END
START which direction from the island is bird island located? END
START which direction from the island is lighter rock located? END
START which direction from the island is frightus rock located? END
START what is the national bird of saint helena? END
START what is the plover known locally as? END
START what current affects the environment of saint helena? END
START on average, how much lower are the temperatures in the central areas in celsius? END
START how many districts is the island of saint helena divided into? END
START what do the districts also serve as? END
START when was saint helena first settled? END
START what was the population of the island in 1659 END
START where were slaves initially brought from to the island? END
START later on, what two locations were slaves brought from? END
START which year did the inhabitants decide there were too many slaves? END
START in 1840 what did saint helena become? END
START what squadron was saint helena a provisioning station for? END
START what country did the british west africa squadron prevent slaves from being sent to? END
START how many slaves ended up staying on the island after being freed? END
START how many slaves were freed from the island? END
START when did imported chinese labor arrive? END
START how many imported chinese laborers were there at the peak of importation? END
START what year did importation of chinese laborers peak? END
START what kind of citizenship do the citizens of saint helena hold? END
START on what date was full british citizenship restored to the citizens of the island? END
START what act restored the full british citizenship of the citizens of saint helena? END
START what was there a long pattern of from the island starting during the post napoleonic period? END
START when did the population of the island start to steadily decline? END
START what was a big factor in emmigration to the uk? END
START what communion do most residents of the island belong to? END
START when was the 150th anniversary of the diocese celebrated? END
START not only are most residents of the island members of the anglican communion, but what else? END
START the diocese of saint helena has it's own what? END
START when did roman catholics start to appear on the island? END
START what year did the salvation army show up on saint helenas? END
START when did baptists come to the island? END
START how many johovah's witnesses were on the island? END
START when did the seventh-day adventist arrive on the island? END
START who has executive authority in saint helena? END
START who exercises the authority on behalf of the queen in saint helena? END
START who is responsible for defence and foreign affairs? END
START how many seats are in the legislative council of saint helena? END
START who presides over the executive council? END
START the head of government on the island is who? END
START when were proposals for a chief councillor put on hold? END
START what caused high unemployment on the island? END
START who is the only reigning monarch to have visited the island? END
START what year did king george vi visit the island? END
START when did prince phillip arrive in saint helena? END
START prince andrews, son of prince phillip visited in what year? END
START what did the government of saint helena fund in 2012? END
START what kind of articles were published to help this plan? END
START how was support for members of the public given? END
START what has been more prominently reported in recent years in saint helena? END
START who has been accused of lying about the child abuse issue of saint helena? END
START who has britain’s foreign and commonwealth office been accused of lying to about child abuse? END
START saint helena has a high proportion of what kind of birds? END
START what kind of plants are common on saint helena? END
START what organization identified saint helena as important for bird conservation? END
START  saint helena is on the united kingdom's list for future what? END
START how many lichen forming fungi have been recorded on the island? END
START how many endemic species of fungi have been found? END
START what kind of invertebrates have been found on the island? END
START what kind of crop economy did the island originally have? END
START what year did the crop economy change? END
START what was produced during the time the island was monocrop? END
START saint helena's economy is now almost completely sustained by what? END
START how much % of production does the public sector cover? END
START what is the tourist industry mostly based around? END
START what kind of fishing tourism occurs on the island? END
START how many hotels are on the island? END
START tourism is completely based on what arriving to the island? END
START what does saint helena have the most expensive of? END
START what is tungi spirit made out of? END
START ascension island, tristan da cunha and saint helena all issue their own what? END
START what was the gdp of the island in 1999-2000? END
START by 2006 the gdp had dropped to what? END
START imports to the island mostly occur from what countries? END
START what are the main exports of the island? END
START tourists spent how much in  2004-05? END
START how much was public expenditure on the island in 2001-2002? END
START by 2005-06 public expenditure had risen to what? END
START in 2012-2013, public expenditure was what? END
START uk aid had risen to how much in the same period? END
START  wages and salaries represent how much % of the island's expenditure? END
START how many individuals were unemployed on the island in 2013? END
START employment on the island is dominated by what sector? END
START in 2013 the number of government jobs was what? END
START what % of people are employed in the private sector in saint helena? END
START how many private businesses employee people on saint helena? END
START what % of households were spending less than £20 per week in 2004 END
START what % of the population claimed social security benefits in 2006/7? END
START how much of the population is over age 60? END
START how many copper tokens were issued in 1821? END
START who issued the copper tokens in 1821? END
START how much was each copper token worth? END
START when did the crown take over the island? END
START what is the saint helena currency? END
START the government of saint helena produces it's own what? END
START what year was the bank of saint helena established? END
START the saint helena pound is at parity with what other currency? END
START how many commercial airports are under construction in saint helena? END
START what is the only method of travel currently available to saint helena? END
START a large airfield is located on what portion of the island? END
START what kind of flights are offered to limited civilians? END
START what ship runs between saint helena and cape town on 5 day voyages? END
START what year was the rms saint helena supposed to be decommissioned? END
START what needs to be completed before the rms saint helena can be decommissioned? END
START when was the construction of an airport in saint helena announced? END
START the airport was expected to be completed by what year? END
START who was the approved bidder for the airport? END
START which governor departed to london to try to speed up the construction of the airport? END
START when did the british government agree to help pay for the new airport in saint helena? END
START which south african company is helping to engineer the airport?  END
START the new airport opening date is when? END
START which countries will be able to fly to saint helena using the airport? END
START which airline will provide weekly service to saint helena? END
START what kind of aircraft was the first to land at the new airport? END
START what date did the aircraft land at the new airport? END
START what are they calibrating via test flights at the airport? END
START who conducted the first helicopter landing at the airfield? END
START where did the helicopter embark on visiting? END
START when did the aircraft visit hms lancaster? END
START what kind of vehicle offers basic transportation to people in saint helena? END
START where does the minibus travel to? END
START on what days does the minibus take people into jamestown? END
START what day did radio saint helena start operations? END
START what was the range of radio saint helena in miles? END
START how many days a year was radio saint helena broadcast internationally? END
START what newspaper did radio saint helena collaborate with? END
START what day was saint helena radio shut down? END
START what date was saint fm radio launched? END
START what date was saint fm radio closed? END
START which newspaper is the sister company of saint fm radio? END
START which company took over the channels vacated by saint fm? END
START what date did saint fm community radio launch? END
START what kind of people can join saint fm radio community? END
START who runs saint helena online? END
START who is partnered with saint helena online? END
START what does sure south atlantic ltd offer? END
START how many analogue terrestrial uhf channels does sure south atlantic ltd have? END
START what is the feed signal of sure south atlantic received by? END
START sure provides what kind of service to the territory? END
START what kind of network does sure provide it's service from? END
START when was the first fibre-optic network installed? END
START how big is the satellite dish at the satellite ground station in feet? END
START when was the satellite dish installed? END
START where was the satellite dish installed? END
START both telephone and internet services are subject to what? END
START what is the international calling code for saint helena? END
START who shares the calling code +290 with saint helena? END
START how many digits did saint helena change their phone numbers to? END
START when did saint helena change the amount of digits in their phone numbers? END
START what digit are saint helena phone numbers prefixed with? END
START what speed is saint helena internet access? END
START what is the internet service provided through? END
START who provides the internet service in saint helena? END
START what kind of population does sure service? END
START how many satellites provide the link to the internet? END
START what kind of broadband service is provided on the island? END
START what is the maximum speed of the broadband service? END
START what is the lite price of the broadband service? END
START what is the gold price of the broadband service? END
START what location has a few public wifi spots available to the public? END
START how long is the south atlantic express in miles? END
START who runs the south atlantic express? END
START on what date did efive announce they would reroute the cable through saint helena? END
START who lobbied for the cable reroute into south helena? END
START how many local newspapers does the island have? END
START where are both newspapers available? END
START since when has the st helena independent been published? END
START when was the sentinel newspaper introduced? END
START how many primary schools does the island have? END
START what are the 3 primary schools called? END
START what is the name of the secondary school for the island? END
START how many students were enrolled in primary school in 2010? END
START when does the mobile library service operate? END
START who provides programs to students with special needs? END
START what curriculum does the island adapt? END
START what are the qualifications offered? END
START saint helena is a member of what kind of association? END
START where did the saint helena cricket team make it's debut in international cricket? END
START when did the saint helena cricket team make it's debut in international cricket? END
START where does the governor's cup take place?  END
START what months does the governor's cup take place? END
START when did the most recent governor's cup take place? END
START what kind of groups are on saint helena and ascension island? END
START when was scouting established on saint helena? END
START who visited the scouts on their return from the tour of africa in 1937? END
START what book describes lord and lady baden-powel's visit? END
START aspiration and preaspiration are used in what? END
START aspirated consonants are what in english? END
START what are two language types where the difference is contrastive? END
START what creates a strong burst of breath? END
START what are aspirated consonants in the asian language? END
START allophones are similar in what two languages? END
START what accompanies the opening of some obstruents? END
START what uses a weak burst of breath? END
START with what word should you see a candle flicker or feel a puff of air? END
START in english the first consonant in "pin" is what? END
START when should one put a hand or a lit candle in front of one's eyes? END
START in what dialect would the initial consonant be unaspriated in pin and aspirated in spin? END
START which word would be aspirated in most english dialects? END
START what would you see when you use your hand to see the difference between aspirated and unaspirated sounds? END
START what would you do to see the similarities between aspirated and unaspirated sounds? END
START what does ipa stand for? END
START written ipa consonants use symbols for what? END
START what modifier indicates a voiceless bilabial stop? END
START pʰ represents what? END
START what is considered an unaspirated consonant? END
START aspiration modifiers are represented by what? END
START voiceless consonants are prefaced by what? END
START the voiced glottal fricative is indicated by what letter? END
START the unaspirated bilabial stop is represented by what letter? END
START what is not often aspirated? END
START the symbol followed by bʰ would likely mean the consonant has what type of release? END
START voiced aspirated consonants are what type? END
START voiced symbols are seldom what? END
START symbols for voiceless consonants are typical in what language? END
START unaspirated consonants are called what? END
START symbols for voiced releases typically represent what? END
START breathy-voiced aspirated consonants are called what? END
START there are no ipa symbols for what? END
START what may be doubled to indicate a long aspiration? END
START what language, according to the text, may need double stops to indicate aspiration length? END
START how are voice-onset time details usually presented? END
START which two ipa symbols are marked? END
START the two degrees of aspiration in english stops are transcribed as what? END
START the details of voice-onset symbols are given how? END
START which old letter for light aspiration is now obsolete? END
START the aspiration modifier letter may be tripled to indicate what? END
START a preaspirated consonant is marked how? END
START what represents a preaspirated bilabial stop? END
START preaspirated symbols are marked how? END
START what represents the unaspirated bilabial stop? END
START what represents the aspiration modifier letter? END
START what represents the preaspirated bilabial start? END
START unaspirated consonants are marked how? END
START how are unaspirated or tenuis consonants sometimes marked for unaspiration? END
START what is the superscript equal sign? END
START most often, unaspirated consonants are what? END
START how are unaspirated consonants left unmarked? END
START aspirated or tenuis consonants are occasionally marked how? END
START how are aspirated consonants marked? END
START how are aspirated consonants usually left? END
START what is occasionally marked with the modifier letter for aspiration? END
START unspirated or tenuis symbols are occasionally marked with which letter? END
START what is created when the vocal folds are spread and do not vibrate? END
START what is created when vocal folds are slightly closed and vibrate? END
START what is it called when a person's vocal cords stay open after a consonant? END
START voiced consonants are produced when what opens? END
START how would you measure voiced aspiration? END
START when the vocal folds are vibrating, what is produced? END
START what can not begin until after the vocal cords open? END
START what is produced when the vocal folds are open and vibrating? END
START aspiration of stops is seen as voiceless velar airflow in some languages, such as what? END
START in navajo, the aspiration of affricates can be seen as what? END
START what is realized as an extended length of the airflow? END
START in what language does the unaspiration of stops tend to be realized as voiceless velar airflow? END
START what is realized as voiced velar airflow? END
START in what language does voiceless velar airflow not exist? END
START aspiration of airflow is realized as what? END
START in eastern armenian, aspirated consonants occur in what? END
START where are consonants aspirated in just the final position? END
START unaspirated consonants are not always followed by what? END
START in what language is unaspiration contrastive? END
START in what language are consonants aspirated only in start position? END
START what occurs in sound clusters? END
START what is not always followed by vowels or unvoiced sounds? END
START as well as lasting as long as an english aspirated stop, the armenian and cantonese aspiration lasts as long as what? END
START what languages have aspiration that lasts about as long as korean aspirated stops? END
START whose aspiration lasts longer than that of armenian or korean? END
START whose stops are shorter than that of armenian or cantonese? END
START korean has what kind of unaspirated stops? END
START armenian unaspirated stops last longer than whose? END
START aspiration alters with what? END
START voice-onset times in armenian measure at 20, 25, and what? END
START unaspiration varies with what? END
START which language measures at 60, 70, and 50 ms? END
START the spanish voice-closing times are what? END
START the spanish voiced stops are? END
START what happens when an aspirated consonant is doubled or geminated? END
START what is comprised of a stop, fricative, and aspirated release? END
START what happens when aspirated consonants are tripled or germinated? END
START what has a release of the fricative and unaspiration? END
START an unaspirated consonant consists of what? END
START what consists of a stop, fricative, and unaspirated release? END
START a tripled aspirated affricate has a longer what? END
START what two languages mentioned have have preaspirated [ʰp ʰt ʰk]? END
START what do scholars say the preaspirated [ʰp ʰt ʰk] are too? END
START what do preaspirated stops contrast with in icelandic? END
START what stops contrast with triple and single stops? END
START icelandic and english have preaspirated what? END
START aspirated stops contrast with what? END
START in faroese, preaspirated stops contrast with what? END
START symbol clusters exists in which two languages? END
START the sami tongue also has what? END
START which sami tongue has unvoiced stop and affricate phonemes pronounced preaspirated? END
START unaspirated stops occur in which languages? END
START what occurs in the medial or start position? END
START the voiced stop and affricate phonemes occur in what position? END
START what are pronounced unaspirated? END
START in south sami what are pronounced preaspirated? END
START how many contrastive aspirated fricatives does choni tibetan have? END
START unaspirated fricatives have been documented in which language? END
START which language has up to five contrastive aspirated fricatives? END
START most unaspirated obstruents are what? END
START the siouan language ofo has how many contrastive aspirated fricatives? END
START choni tibetan has how many unaspirated fricatives? END
START indian languages commonly have murmured consonants instead of what? END
START true aspirated consonants are considered what? END
START true aspirated consonants have been found in kelabit taa and what else? END
START are truly unaspirated voiceless consonants common or rare? END
START what is common in the language of english? END
START murmured consonants are uncommon in which language of which country? END
START what has been documented in kelabit taa, and the kx'a languages? END
START true aspirated voice consonants are common in which country? END
START what has a different significance in various languages? END
START what two forms can aspiration be in? END
START what may be analyzed as an underlying symbol cluster? END
START aspiration can differ in which two languages? END
START unaspiration has varying significance in what? END
START what may be analyzed as an underlying phonemic cluster? END
START what is either allophonic or a cluster? END
START aspiration is what, in english and some other languages? END
START how are stops distinguished? END
START voiceless stops are at times what? END
START voiced stops are most often what? END
START in what language in unaspiration allophonic? END
START voiceless languages are sometimes what? END
START symbols are distinguished primarily by what? END
START voiced breaths are usually what? END
START what are sometimes allophonic? END
START when following a word such as spill, they are what for most speakers? END
START if the letter s is a different place in the word, it is typical unaspirated unless the word is what? END
START if there is a cluster such as st and it belongs to different morphemes, the stop is what? END
START if the st belongs to one morpheme, then the stop is what? END
START what is unaspirated since it is not analyzed as three morphemes? END
START what word-initial is aspirated for almost all speakers? END
START when is the consonant unaspirated? END
START distaste has an unaspirated middle why? END
START after a k elsewhere in a word they are normally what? END
START in languages like thai and icelandic, tenuis and aspirated consonants are what? END
START [p˭ s˭] and [pʰ ʰp sʰ] are separate what? END
START in the armenian language, tenuis and unaspirated stops are what? END
START what makes up combined phonemes? END
START sentences are distinguished by what? END
START in the english language, tenuis and aspirated consonants are what? END
START an example of an unaspirated stop is? END
START how are lenis consonants distinguished from fortis consonants? END
START if the lenis are ⟨b d ɡ⟩, what are the fortis counterparts? END
START what is often transcribed for numerical reasons? END
START in english, "lenis" consonants are know as what? END
START the "lenis" consonants are distinguished from their modern counterparts by what? END
START fortis counterparts are known as what in the spanish language? END
START fortis counterparts are translated as what in the chinese language? END
START mandarin has stops and affricates that are distinguished by what? END
START tenuis stops have letters that are representative of english voiced consonant in what? END
START what kind of stops in pinyin are written with letters that representative of voiceless consonants? END
START the english language has stops and affricates distinguished by what? END
START in pinyin, tenuis consonants are written how? END
START in pinyin, unaspirated stops are written how? END
START what is written with letter that represent voiced consonants? END
START what represents d? END
START what has a three-way distinction in regards to stops and affricates? END
START what is the actual distinction for wu chinese? END
START what is /b/ representative of, in addition to aspirated and unaspirated consonants? END
START what kind of voice are muddy consonants pronounced with? END
START wu chinese has a four-way distinction in what? END
START what is strongly voiced? END
START what causes a syllable to be pronounced with high pitch or light tone? END
START what is an example of a breathy consonant? END
START what causes a stop to be pronounced with low pitch or light tone? END
START how many distinctions in stops do languages like bengali and hindi have? END
START what is another term for voice-aspirated? END
START which distinction has punjabi lost? END
START what languages have unaspirated stops? END
START sanskrit has a three-way distinction in what? END
START what has gained breathy-voiced consonants? END
START what happened to result in a toneless system? END
START what is an example of a two-way distinction in stops? END
START telegu, kannada and others are considered to be some of the what languages? END
START what has no distinction between the categories  of voiced, voiceless, aspirated and unaspirated? END
START in native english words, there is no distinction between what? END
START what is used only in loanwords from spanish languages? END
START what is underspecified for voicing and unaspiratoin? END
START there are many category distinctions in what language? END
START all of the dravidian languages have a distinction between what? END
START what language has two-way distinctions between aspirated and voiced? END
START western armenian /tʰ/ compares to eastern armenian /tʰ/ and what? END
START the western armenian voiced /d/ compares to the eastern armenian voiceless what? END
START western armenian has a three-way distinction between what? END
START western armenian aspirated corresponds to eastern american what? END
START western voiced /d/ corresponds to eastern voiced what? END
START eastern armenian has a two-way distinction between what? END
START western voiceless /d/ corresponds to what? END
START early greek (before koine) have been redone with what? END
START what greek dialect had three-way stop distinction like eastern armenian? END
START who referred to the classical attic dialect stops by the three distinctions? END
START a two-way distinction in stops was called what? END
START some forms of english are reconstructed as what? END
START which armenian language had a two-way distinction in stops? END
START the classical arctic dialect belonged to which country? END
START which languages are reconstructed as having unaspirated stops? END
START what is the representation for the three places of articulation? END
START earlier greek was represented by what? END
START whether a stop was labial, coronal or velar depended on what two things? END
START unaspirated stops were at which three places of articulation? END
START early greece was represented by what? END
START what likely had a velar unaspirated stop? END
START the three places of articulation are the labial, cortical and what? END
START the labialized velar unaspirated stop is represented by what? END
START dialects such as aeolic and doric had how many distinctions that were the same at one point in time? END
START which two dialects lost aspiration at times? END
START rather than /tʰ/, what did the doric dialect have in place during the classical period? END
START what ancient dialects had the same two-way distinction at one point? END
START what dialect had a fricative in the modern period? END
START which four dialects sometimes lost aspiration? END
START which two dialects sometime gained aspiration? END
START what was gained aspiration called? END
START attic greek lenited to what? END
START the lenited attic greek yielded /θ ð/ in what periods? END
START arctic greek yielded what other versions of the greek language? END
START during what period did unaspirated and voiceless stops lenited to voiceless and voiced fricatives? END
START what represents unaspirated and voiceless stops? END
START arctic greek lenited to what? END
START aspiration may refer to a sound change of what? END
START debuccalization is when consonants are weakened to become what? END
START what is another term for a consonant being weakened? END
START the term unaspiration sometimes refers to what? END
START when is a consonant strengthened to become a glottal stop or fricative? END
START what is sometime referred to as the vocal change of debuccalization? END
START what sometimes becomes a global stop or fricative? END
START when a sound is lenited it becomes what? END
START what is breathy voice? END
START the ⟨bʰ⟩ in the indo-aryan languages is better transcribed how for breathy voice? END
START what is the superscript form of the symbol for the voiceless glottal fricative? END
START unaspirated consonants are nearly always pronouced how? END
START what causes a murmured vibration of the vocal cords? END
START what represents a strong voiced or breathy dental stop? END
START what represents the "voice aspirated" bilabial stop in the english language? END
START what do some linguists restrict the double-dot subscript ⟨◌̤⟩ to? END
START what are, according to the text, murmured for their duration? END
START what uses the ⟨◌ʱ⟩? END
START some linguists restrict what to loud sonorants? END
START what are murmured thought part of their duration? END
START what represents the double-dot hook-aitch? END
START what is used for the loud-voiced release of obstruents? END
START all linguists restrict the double-dot subscript to what? END
START what is hydrogens chemical symbol? END
START what is the atomic number used for hydrogen? END
START what is the atomic weight for hydrogen? END
START what element is considered the lightest? END
START what form can you find hydrogen is on earth? END
START what is the molecular make-up of hydrogen? END
START what are three properties of hydrogen at normal temperature and normal pressure? END
START what charge does hydrogen display in ionic compounds when it is called a hydride? END
START what field of study has hydrogen and it's properties played a key role in development? END
START when was hydrogen gas artificially produced for the first time? END
START who first recognized that hydrogen was a discrete substance? END
START when it is burned what does hydrogen make? END
START what is the greek translation for hydrogen? END
START what market primarily uses ammonia production? END
START name a process that uses fossil fuels along with hydrogen. END
START for hydrogen what is the enthalpy of combustion? END
START what are two forms of hydrogen gas? END
START which element has a enthalpy of combustion at −286 kj/mol? END
START what kind of light do hydrogen-oxygen flames make? END
START what caused  the hindenburg to explode? END
START what are two other dangerous acids? END
START what temperature does hydrogen react with these elements? END
START what model id used to calculate energy levels of hydrogen? END
START what attracts planets and celestial items? END
START what does the electromagnetic force attract to one another? END
START what kind of movement does the electron not have in ground state? END
START how many different spin isomers exist? END
START what state are the protons in when in the orthohydrogen form? END
START when hydrogen gas is in standard temperature and pressure, what form is it considered in> END
START what percent of para form does hydrogen gas contain? END
START what percent of ortho form does hydrogen gas contain? END
START what are some catalysts used in hydrogen cooling END
START what ind of charge does hydrogen take when mixed with electronegative particles? END
START what type of charge does hydrogen take when combined with a metal? END
START when hydrogen forms with a metal, what is the compound called? END
START is h2 reactive in standard conditions? END
START what is the form of hydrogen and carbon called? END
START what is the form of hydrogen and heteroatoms called? END
START what is the study of organic compounds properties known as? END
START what is the study of living organisms known as? END
START organic compounds are only required to conatin what? END
START  who suggested that hydride anions existed?character does the h atom have in a hydride? END
START what group of hydrides is beh considered polymeric? END
START how many binary borane hydrides are known? END
START how many binary aluminum hydrides are there? END
START what chemistry do hydrides serve as bridging ligands? END
START what do hydrides that are bridging ligands link up? END
START what group is briging ligands most common in? END
START when hydrogen oxidates, what is it removing? END
START when hydrogen oxidates, what does it end up giving? END
START what theory suggests that acids are proton donors? END
START what is another term for a bare proton? END
START where can oxonium ions be found? END
START what other term is a solvated protons referred as? END
START what kind of molecular hydrogen is the h+3 knows as? END
START what kind of cation is the h+3 knowns as? END
START how many natural isotopes does hydrogen have> END
START what are the names of these isotopes? END
START which isotopes have unstable nuclei? END
START which element is the only that has different names for its isotopes? END
START what are the only two names still used for radioactive isotopes? END
START what are the symbols used for deuterium and tritium? END
START what does the symbol p represent? END
START what are the preferred symbols for deuterium and tritium? END
START what year was the discovery of hydrogen gas? END
START who discovered hydrogen gas? END
START who recognized hydrogen gas as a discreet substance? END
START in what year did henry cavendish recognize hydrogen gas as a discreet substance? END
START what does gas produce when burned? END
START how did lavoisier produce hydrogen for his experiments? END
START who was the first to liquidize hydrogen? END
START in what year did james dewar first liquidize hydrogen? END
START what year was deuterium discovered? END
START who was the first to discover deuterium? END
START what year was tritium discovered? END
START who invented the hydrogen filled balloons? END
START what year was hydrogen filled balloons invented? END
START what were the hydrogen lifted airships called? END
START in what year did the first zeppelin make flight? END
START who made the first non stop transatlantic crossing? END
START what year was this done? END
START what year did the airship get destroyed? END
START what city was the ship over when it caught fire? END
START in what year did the first hydrogen cooled turbogenerator go into service? END
START what state is the dayton power and light company located? END
START what year was the first nickel hydrogen battery used? END
START in what year did the hubble space telescope finally get the nickel hydrogen battery? END
START what is the hydrogen atom made up of? END
START what theory is the hydrogen atom a big part of? END
START when was the quantum mechanical treatment of the hydrogen atom developed? END
START who observed the specific heat capacity of h2? END
START what cause h2 to resemble monatomic gas? END
START what theory supports this? END
START what percent of normal matter is hydrogen? END
START what percent of atoms is hydrogen? END
START what 2 forms of mass is most of the universe consisted of? END
START clouds of h2 form what? END
START in what states is hydrogen mostly found in the universe? END
START hydrogens electron and proton are not bound together in what state? END
START in the interstellar medium, what state is hydrogen in? END
START the neutral hydrogen found in the damped lyman-alpha systems dominates what? END
START how abundant is hydrogen on the earths surface? END
START what produces hydrogen gas? END
START what molecular form is found in the interstellar medium? END
START what generates protonated molecular hydrogen? END
START on what planet can you find  protonated molecular hydrogen? END
START in what way can neutral triatomic hydrogen exist? END
START how does nature produce h2? END
START how do labs produce h2? END
START what is an easy way to produce hydrogen? END
START where does the gaseous oxygen form at? END
START where does the gaseous hydrogen form at? END
START when you combine an alloy of alluminum and gallium to water, what do you get? END
START what else can it produce? END
START what can be reused after the formation? END
START the most economical way to prepare hydrogen involves removing it from what? END
START what temperature is needed for steam to react with methane? END
START at what pressure does psa work best in? END
START what is synthesis gas used for? END
START besides methane, what else can be used to produce synthesis gas? END
START how can it be recovered through steam? END
START when hydrogen is generated from natural gas, what des it produce? END
START how is hydrogen produced as a co product? END
START what are the thermochemical cycyles in a testing phase for? END
START what are labs trying to produce hydrogen from? END
START what countries are testing this? END
START what condition is iron and steel alloys slowly oxidized? END
START what does the anaerobic corrosion of iron lead to? END
START what is another name for formation of ferrous hydroxide? END
START under what condition can ferrous hydroxide be oxidized? END
START what does this process form? END
START what reaction describes this process? END
START how is hydrogen produced when there is no atmospheric oxygen? END
START where do you find silicate? END
START what is the most common gas found in power tranformers? END
START where are large quantities of h2 needed? END
START what are the consumers of h2 in petrochemical plant? END
START where is hydrogen highly soluble? END
START where can you find soluble hydrogen? END
START what influences hydrogens solubility in metals? END
START when are these useful? END
START when is it damaging? END
START where else is h2 applied? END
START how is h2 used in electrical generators at power stations? END
START why is it used as the rotor coolant? END
START what research uses liquid h2? END
START why would one use hydrogen mixed with nitrogen? END
START what industries can you find these applications? END
START how is hydrogen used as a food additive? END
START what isotope is used in nuclear fission? END
START where is tritium produced? END
START what is tritium used for? END
START how is hydrogen used at power stations? END
START why is it used as a coolant? END
START what are these properties? END
START is hydrogen considered an energy resource? END
START where does the sun get its energy from? END
START how does hydrogen function when it s burned? END
START what form of hydrogen has been discussed as a ussage for fuel? END
START why is hydrogen employed? END
START how is hydrogen used in oxide materials? END
START what oxide materials use hydrogen as an electron donor? END
START what enzymes are used to produce h2? END
START when does hydrogen gas occur? END
START what is the natural cycle of hydrogen production and consumption by organisms called? END
START what is the decomposition of water into its components called? END
START where does water splitting occur? END
START what organisms can form h2 gas? END
START how are these gases formed? END
START what threats can hydrogen cause to human saftey? END
START what can hydrogen embrittlement lead to? END
START what do physical and chemical properties of hydrogen depend on? END
START how long can it take to reach the equilibrium ratio? END
START what do hydrogen detonation parameters depend on? END
