START what is another term for asphalt? END
START besides occurrences in canada, where in the us is asphalt found? END
START how much of the planet's asphalt is located in canada? END
START what is the area amount of the canadian asphalt deposits? END
START where does most of canada's asphalt end up these days? END
START along with the state of iowa, where else does asphalt occur in unconsolidated sandstones? END
START comprised of four large deposits, in which province are most of the world's natural bitumen reserves located? END
START where does most of the canadian oil supply end up? END
START what is the total area of the cambodian asphalt deposits? END
START what group initially made use of asphalt? END
START for what purpose did american indians use asphalt?  END
START what sort of deposits does asphalt overlay? END
START what would early users of asphalt want to achieve by putting it on baskets? END
START on what type of boat was asphalt used to seal planks? END
START the foreign people were the first to use what in the new world? END
START what group was the first to use shell beads? END
START what was used on shell beads to adhere gourds? END
START what was used on turtle shells to provide decorations? END
START what was used on turtle shells as a sealant? END
START what is used asphalt turned back into? END
START how much of yearly acquired asphalt is reclaimed? END
START what percentage of new roadways are surfaced with asphalt? END
START during what action is asphalt often reclaimed? END
START for what reason is asphalt removed from a road?  END
START where can the removed surveys be returned for processing into new mixtures? END
START where is the deactivated asphalt put back to use? END
START 99% percent of what are constructed by using asphalt? END
START how often does the federal asphalt administration conduct surveys? END
START 99% of asphalt that is removed from road surfaces during what type of projects is reused for conducting industry surveys? END
START how many asphalt upgraders operate in alberta? END
START what synthetic product is produced by upgraders? END
START besides crude oil, what does the suncor energy plant produce? END
START where is a sixth upgrader being built in alberta? END
START how much of the production of the redwater plant will into diesel fuel? END
START how many bitumen upgraders produce synthetic crude oil in edmonton? END
START when is the seventh upgrader scheduled to be under construction? END
START the sixth upgrader will upgrade two thirds of what? END
START the remainder of the output will be sold to suncor energy as what? END
START where is the shell oil upgrader located? END
START about what temperature is asphalt shipped? END
START to promote what characteristic is diesel oil added to asphalt for shipping? END
START what is the liquefied mixture called?  END
START what truck feature is occasionally used to keep asphalt warm? END
START due to what concerns is diesel fuel no longer used as a release agent for transporting asphalt? END
START to retain liquidity, what is sometimes mixed in with engine exhaust? END
START diesel oil or kerosene is often mixed into what to retain warmth?  END
START due to what kind of concerns is diesel oil now used as a release agent? END
START environmental concerns are the reason engine exhaust is no longer used as what? END
START what ancient group used bitumen extraction? END
START when were the first published reports of bitumen extraction in albania? END
START what government had exploitation rights for bitumen extraction? END
START when were the ottoman rights given to the simsa company? END
START when was management of albanian bitumen acquired by the french? END
START the last known mentions of albanian bitumen appeared in what year? END
START the albanian coquand published the first description of what? END
START when were the exploitation rights given to the roman empire?  END
START when did simsa receive the industrial scale? END
START what was transferred to simsa in 1917? END
START what is the last origination of the word asphalt? END
START from what language does asphalt initially come? END
START what are the meanings of the greek word for asphalt? END
START what is the french term for natural asphalt? END
START to construct what feature was asphalt brought to babylon? END
START from where is the word limestone derived? END
START in greek, what is the term asphalte used for? END
START according to who was bitumen brought to greece to build a giant wall? END
START in what language is asphalte used for synthetically occurring bitumen soaked limestones? END
START how are the words bitumen and asphalt frequently used? END
START where is bitumen the usual term for refined residue from crude oils? END
START what is asphalt called outside of the us? END
START what group likes the term bitumen instead of asphalt? END
START what is a naming term for asphalt? END
START the term asphalt is often preferred by who? END
START tar is an archaic term for what? END
START pitch and what other term are often used interchangeably? END
START another way to say asphalt tar is to simply say what ? END
START what is the substance usually called outside of the la brea tar pits? END
START from where does most asphalt come? END
START what are the sources of natural deposits of asphalt? END
START how much heat is required for the natural production of asphalt? END
START besides heat, what other requirement is needed to form asphalt? END
START what other product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and petroleum  produce? END
START most of the petroleum used for commercial purposes is obtained from what? END
START current living things are the source of what? END
START what product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and microscopic algae produce? END
START besides pressure, what is required to form mud? END
START besides heat, what is required to form besides pressure, what is required to form mud?? END
START what is the name of the world's greatest deposit of bitumen? END
START where are the athabasca oil sands located? END
START what formative period  produced bitumen? END
START how old are the athabasca deposits? END
START what percentage of recovery of bitumen is by oil wells? END
START located in the mcmurray formation, what is the smallest deposit of natural bitumen known as?  END
START located in the peace river, what is the largest deposit of natural bitumen known as?  END
START the two largest formations occur in the oil sands of which river?  END
START the two largest formations occur in the oil sands of which lake?  END
START what is the other 70% produced by?  END
START in what early technology was bitumen used? END
START what photographer used bitumen to make the earliest extant nature picture? END
START what feature of bitumen use in photography made it impractical? END
START during what period was bitumen used in printing processes? END
START exposure to what natural element was necessary for early photographic plates? END
START what was used in early photomechanical technology? END
START what did spanish scientist joseph nicéphore niépce use to make the oldest surviving photograph? END
START exposure to darkness did what to the bitumen and also made it insoluble?  END
START what did exposure to light harden and make soluble? END
START when did the spanish scientist use bitumen to make a photograph from nature? END
START when was the first british patent for the use of bitumen? END
START when did richard tappin claridge patent asphalt for use in pavement? END
START where had claridge previously seen asphalt used as pavement? END
START what type of pavement techniques had already been tried by a competitor of claridge? END
START what friend of claridge's was helpful in introducing asphalt for use in pavements? END
START in what year was cassell's patent france or belgium issued? END
START the second patent, cassell's patent, was issued in which year? END
START on what day did claridge's patent #5309 patent the use of seyssel asphalt?  END
START in 1845 richard tappin claridge patented the use of what? END
START when was the second british patent for using bitumen issued? END
START since what date has asphalt been used for road paving in the us? END
START in front of what nj building was the street paved with asphalt in 1870? END
START what natural substance was used in early road pavings? END
START from what virginia  mines was asphalt obtained for early street pavings? END
START for what purpose was asphalt used in swimming pools and baths? END
START ever since 1773, roads in the united states have been paved with what? END
START what have been paved with asphalt since at least 1920? END
START what was ritchie mines used to waterproof during the 20th century? END
START when was new york's, pennsylvania avenue paved? END
START what was nj city hall used for during the early 20th century? END
START in what year was asphalt used for uses aside from road paving? END
START in what places were asphalt used as waterproofing? END
START for what reason was asphalt used in the flooring of buildings? END
START when was claridge's asphalt the most often used?  END
START many of what were granted in france, but denied in britain? END
START in what year was asphalt used for things other than bathing? END
START in what places were asphalt used as soundproofing? END
START why was asphalt used in the flooring of patents? END
START what were often granted in britain, but denied in france? END
START what were often denied throughout france, germany and england? END
START who experimented with bitumen extraction techniques to make shipping easier? END
START when did ells begin using bitumen as a paving in alberta? END
START what researcher patented a hot water oil process to separate bitumen? END
START who constructed the bitumont oil separation plant? END
START for what was most of the the bitumont plant's output was used for waterproofing? END
START from when was the value of dr. clark's method obvious? END
START the means of implanting what were not obvious? END
START the largest fur trading post was in what town? END
START in what year did karl clark use bitumen to pave 600 feet of road in edmonton? END
START in what year did sidney ells use bitumen to pave 900 feet of road in edmonton? END
START what property of bitumen makes it difficult to move through pipelines? END
START what industry is capable of refining bitumen directly into gasoline without preprocessing? END
START why do refineries like to buy bitumen instead of synthetic oil? END
START how much canadian bitumen was exported to the us by 2015? END
START what type of oils does canadian bitumen differ substantially from? END
START other than mexican extra-heavy oil, what type of oil does canadian bitumen not differ greatly from? END
START other than venezuelan-light oil, what type of oil does canadian bitumen not differ greatly from? END
START what type of oils does american bitumen not differ substantially from? END
START in what areas is this uncommon? END
START what does mixing bitumen with water create? END
START what percentage of bitumen is found in bitumen/water emulsions? END
START what are the two types of bitumen emulsions? END
START what are some bitumen emulsions blended with to make a low-cost product? END
START what kind of asphalt pavements an cold-mix asphalt resemble? END
START what allows asphalt to be mixed at higher temperatures? END
START up to 80% of asphalt emulsions is what? END
START less than 5% of asphalt emulsions is comprised of what? END
START how many types of chipseals with different affinities are there? END
START where is naturally occurring bitumen in rock being developed as a feed stock for petroleum production? END
START how much area does canada's natural bitumen cover? END
START where does canada rank in world's oil supplies? END
START what is canada's only surface bitumen mine? END
START what is the amount of bitumen that can be extracted in alberta? END
START how much area does the smallest supply of natural bitumen, in canada, cover? END
START which country has the third-largest known oil preserves in the world? END
START oil prices decreased after which year?  END
START by what year did canadian oil sands production average 2.3 million barrels per day? END
START by what year did athabascan crude asphalt/bitumen production average 2.3 million barrels per day? END
START besides fuels and paving, what accounts for most of the other use of bitumen? END
START what lacquer is bitumen used to make for iron and steel production? END
START why is japan black used for outdoor paint? END
START besides weather resistance, why else is japan black used in paints? END
START what product is bitumen used in manufacturing as a sealant? END
START what accounts for nearly all the remaining graffiti consumption? END
START other uses of paint or ink include cattle sprays, fence- post treatments and what else? END
START cattle sprays can be used to seal what type of batteries? END
START what lacquer is known for its use on paint and ink? END
START what lacquer is used to make the color lighter? END
START what language originated the word bitumen? END
START what does the sanskrit word translate as? END
START to what english word does the latin translate? END
START  through what language did bitumen pass to reach english? END
START to what word does the anglo saxon translate? END
START where did the expression "french" originate? END
START where did the french expression "bitumen" originate? END
START what does the anglo saxon word kitt mean? END
START what does the german word cwidu mean? END
START what does the norse word kitt mean? END
START to what similar substance can asphalt be confused? END
START for what was coal tar used in road paving? END
START what is the common word is used to describe the combination of tar and macadam? END
START what use has pushed out the need to produce roads with coal tar? END
START instead of tar, what does the la brea tars pits contain? END
START what is a blood orange color and sometimes confused with "coal tar"? END
START which similar endothermic material is sometimes confused with asphalt?  END
START which similar oil can asphalt be confused with? END
START coal tar has totally overtaken the use of asphalt since which decade? END
START what was used as pitch for road aggregates? END
START who described the use of bitumen and pitch to tar ships? END
START when did belon make his shipbuilding observations? END
START in what year did a french magazine describe the use of asphalt? END
START after what event in france did  asphalt begin to be used for pavements and assorted other uses? END
START where in france in 1835 was asphalt used to lay pavement?  END
START in what year was the rise of constantinople?  END
START in what year was the fall of observations?  END
START in observations, monsieur d'eyrinys described what? END
START in which year did an edition of parisian magazine cite an early use of asphalt in france?  END
START in which year did an edition of mechanics magazine cite an early use of asphalt in spain?  END
START in what year did claridge acquire patents for the use of asphalt? END
START from what french mine did claridge offer asphalt? END
START what did claridge's formation of a company with distinguished backers help inspire?  END
START in what famous place did claridge first begin to lay and test the use of asphalt pavement? END
START by 1838 how many companies beside claridge's were offering asphalt? END
START for how many patents did claridge seek extensions in 1822? END
START the canterbury patent asphalte company was established in what year? END
START who's patent asphalte company was established in 1988? END
START what were made of the pavement in 1838 on the footway of canterbury? END
START what country has the largest deposits of bitumen? END
START for what  did canadian natives use asphalt as a waterproofing material? END
START who was the first european trader to see asphalt? END
START  for what trading company did kelsey work? END
START who was the first european to see the athabascan oil sands? END
START which country has north america's largest deposit of naturally occurring bitumen? END
START canada is home to the world's smallest deposit of what? END
START where is the world's smallest natural bitumen deposit located? END
START in what year did athabasca see the oil sands?  END
START alexander mackenzie was a oil trader and saw the oil sands in what year? END
START what is the percentage of binder in mastic asphalt? END
START how much additional binder does rolled asphalt concrete have? END
START how is asphalt used in the construction industry? END
START prior to spreading, how hot is mastic asphalt heated? END
START what is the usual thickness of the mastic spread on roofs? END
START what percentage of concrete is in mastic asphalt? END
START what is a type of impervious barrier that differs from dense graded asphalt? END
START mastic asphalt is the same as dense graded asphalt because why? END
START rolled asphalt concrete has contains around 7% what? END
START what is widely used in buildings for making asphalt waterproof? END
START what is done to crude bitumen to promote its movement through pipelines? END
START what is the natural gas condensate used to dilute bitumen? END
START what is the synthetic crude additive to bitumen called? END
START what is the usually sold standard blend of bitumen and oils named? END
START in what uniform use was western canadian select meant to excel? END
START because it's easy to move what through pipelines is non upgraded bitumen is usually diluted? END
START what is upgraded bitumen now sold as to meet international competition? END
START what is non-upgraded bitumen now sold as to meet national competition? END
START the bitter and light crude oil mix is designed to competed with what types of oils? END
START the sour and heavy crude oil mix is designed to competed with what types of benchmarks? END
START to what is the organic matter in asphalt similar? END
START what did the alberta bitumen mines begin as? END
START what kind of living materials formed the basis of bitumen? END
START what feature originally covered alberta? END
START what temperatures did the organic deposits need to form bitumen over the eons? END
START bitumen is similar to inorganic matter in what type of meteorites? END
START bitumen varies greatly from organic matter found in what type of meteorites?  END
START thousands of years ago an ancient ocean covered which area? END
START how many years ago were the rocky mountains covered in an ancient ocean? END
START how many years ago did the rocky mountains arise in northeastern alberta? END
START what component is added to bitumen to improve it? END
START to what other paving material is selenizza added? END
START what purpose does selenizza have in the drilling industry? END
START in what form is selenizza offered? END
START how is selenizza shipped? END
START what is mostly used as an additive in constructing recycling rings? END
START what is available in powder or fluid form and offered in various particle sizes? END
START what is selenizza mixed with to improve resistance to bridges? END
START what is selenizza mixed with to worsen viscoelastic properties? END
START what may be mixed with cold bitumen in tanks? END
START to what type of aggregate did asphalt used to refer? END
START what is the mixture of bitumen and minerals called? END
START when mixed wit clay, what is bitumen called? END
START with what word in america, is bitumen used interchangeably? END
START what is the geological term for asphalt? END
START what is the shortened form of asphalt tarmac? END
START bitumen is often used as a generic word for roof shingles in which language? END
START in which industry is concentrated bitumen known as dilbit? END
START which is the preferred geographical term for natural deposits? END
START what type of rock forms from limestone mixed with bitumen? END
START what pigment did 19th century artists use that was deemed unfavorably? END
START what did bitumen when used as a paint not do correctly? END
START what did even limited use of bitumen do to damage paintings? END
START what artist's work i considered to be an example of the damaging effects of bitumen? END
START what major problem did bitumen as a pigment show itself to be?   END
START what was the nemesis of many singers during the 19th century? END
START what was the nemesis of many artists during the 21th century? END
START bitumen proved stable for use in what type of painting? END
START bitumen will always fully solidify when what? END
START what is an example of the destructiveness of linseed oil? END
START which of claridge's two tar macadams was the more successful? END
START when did claridge's company liquidate? END
START what world event caused the end of claridge's company? END
START what was the subsidiary company that lead claridge into ruin? END
START what kind of money did claridge  invest in attempting  to save his companies? END
START in what year was the liquidation of the patent clarmac company? END
START which company's failure had a flow-over effect on the first world war? END
START what did the second world war do? END
START what happened to the clarmac company in 1917? END
START what happened to claridge's company in 1915? END
START what is the biggest use of asphalt? END
START how much is the percentage of use of bitumen for roads is there in the us? END
START how much bitumen is in usual concrete mixtures? END
START what percentage of concrete mixes is aggregates? END
START how many concrete plants are in the us? END
START accounting for nearly 75% of asphalt consumption, what is the largest use of asphalt for? END
START what percentage of bitumen consumption in europe makes up that used for concrete road surfaces? END
START what must happen to plants so they can be mixed with aggregates? END
START what must be cooled so it can mix with aggregates? END
START europe has 0 asphalt concrete mixing plants and the united states has how many? END
START what is synthetic crude oil usually called? END
START where is the mined bitumen taken for refining? END
START who invented the process for removing bitumen from sands? END
START un what decade did clark develop the hot water removal process? END
START how many barrels of crude were upgraders making per day by 2015? END
START what is also known as synclark oil? END
START what type of oil is also known as suncryde? END
START a cold water process is used to extract what from sand? END
START a cold water process is used when extracting bitumen from what? END
START what process did dr. karl clark develop at the university of canada in 1935? END
START how many tons of bitumen ere produced in 1984? END
START what boiling point is considered to be the for asphalt? END
START what method is used to divide asphalt from other materials? END
START what is the process used to harden the asphalt? END
START in processing asphalt, what is the unit used to separate it? END
START how many tons were produced in 1927? END
START about 30,000,000 tons were produced in what year? END
START what is material with a boiling point over 200 degrees celsius considered? END
START asphalt is considered material with a freezing point below how many degrees? END
START which step makes the product less viscous and softer? END
START to what location is selenizza bitumen native? END
START what is it about the mine that is unusual? END
START in what way is selenizza bitumen geologically different than bitumen found in sands?  END
START what is the variance in bitumen content rock asphalt? END
START how is the rock asphalt mainly found? END
START the soluble matter consists mainly of silica ore and ranges from what percentage? END
START what type of matter ranges from 7% to 20%? END
START the veins are found in the form of what? END
START what content varies from 80% to 93%? END
START by what means can humans be exposed to bitumen? END
START what is the nationally set limit for exposure of asphalt in a 15 minute period? END
START how must asphalt be treated to be workable? END
START at what temperatures is heated asphalt seen to be a greater health risk? END
START what feature in the treatment of asphalt in the workplace causes the most potential danger? END
START how can people be exposed to low temperatures while at work? END
START temperatures higher than 300 degrees celsius where shown to do what? END
START what is the rel set by the national institute for research on cancer? END
START what is the acronym for the international agency for research on carcinogenic hazards? END
START who did victoria marry? END
START what is her nickname that she was given because her children married into royal families across the continent? END
START what year did prince albert die? END
START how many children did she have? END
START in the later half of her reign, what happened to her popularity? END
START how many children did queen victoria and prince albert have? END
START what was the year of alberts death? END
START queen victorias golden and diamond jubilees were a time of public what? END
START what was the name the first cousing that victoria married? END
START what was the nickname given to queen victoria because all of her children married into noble families? END
START what was the name of the first cousin that queen victoria was married to? END
START whatyear did victoria marry prince albert? END
START how many children did victoria and albert have? END
START what year did prince albert die? END
START due to victorias mourning over alberts death, what political party gained strength? END
START when did queen victoria get married? END
START what was the name of victoria's husband? END
START what was queen victoria's nickname? END
START when did republicanism gain strength during queen victoria's reign? END
START how many children did queen victoria and prince albert have? END
START who did victoria marry? END
START when were victoria and prince albert married? END
START how many children did victoria and prince albert have? END
START what was victoria's unofficial title? END
START when did prince albert die? END
START who did victoria divorce? END
START what is her nickname that she was given because her siblings married into royal families across the continent? END
START what year didn't prince albert die? END
START how many children didn't she have? END
START in the earlier half of her reign, what happened to her popularity? END
START who was extremely protective over victoria? END
START what system of rules kept her isolated from other children? END
START who was the dutchess' rumored lover? END
START what was victoria's dog's name? END
START during her free time, what did she play with? END
START who did victoria share a bedroom with when she was a child? END
START what languages did victoria take lessons in? END
START what was the only language victoria spoke at home? END
START who was victoria's mothers lover? END
START what is the formal name given to the system of rules victoria was raised under? END
START what system did victorias mother raise her under? END
START who was victorias mothers comptroller? END
START who was rumored to be victorias mothers lover? END
START who was the duchess's suspected lover? END
START what was the name of victoria's childhood dog? END
START what was the kensington system? END
START how did victoria describe her childhood? END
START what languages did victoria study?  END
START what was the name of victoria's king charles spaniel? END
START what are some of the languages that victoria studied? END
START what system was in place to raise and educate victoria; while also rendering her weak and dependent? END
START who was the duchess' comptroller and cohort? END
START who was included in the list of people that the duchess and sir john conroy didn't want the princess victoria associating with? END
START who was extremely unprotective over victoria? END
START what system of rules kept her in contact with other children? END
START who was the dutchess' rumored friend? END
START what was victoria's cat's name? END
START during her free time, what didn't she play with? END
START who was victoria's eighth child? END
START what anaesthetic helped her give birth to her eighth child? END
START what did victoria suffer from after he pregnancies? END
START why did medical professionals advise against using an anaesthetic during childbirth? END
START what did albert complain about victoria? END
START what was the name of victoria's eighth child? END
START what was the name of the new anesthetic given to victoria for the birth of leopold? END
START what year did victoria give birth to her final child? END
START what was the name of victoria's final child? END
START hysteria and loss of control after the birts of many of her children were likely caused by what? END
START when did victoria give birth to her eigth child? END
START what was the name of victorias eighth child? END
START what was the name of the new anesthetic used during leopolds birth? END
START what year was victorias final child born? END
START what was the name of victorias final child? END
START who was victoria's eighth child?  END
START what was the new anastethetic victoria used in her last two childbirths?  END
START when was victoria's final child, beatrice, born?  END
START why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform?  END
START what did albert complain about in letters to victoria after the birth of her children?  END
START what was the name of victoria's eigth child? END
START what was a new anaesthetic being used for childbirth in victoria's time? END
START what was the name of victoria's ninth child? END
START why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform for childbirth? END
START after nine pregnancies, what could victoria have been suffering from that would make her sad and depressed? END
START who was victoria's 18th child? END
START what anaesthetic helped her give birth to her 18th child? END
START what did victoria not suffer from after he pregnancies? END
START why did medical professionals advise using an anaesthetic during childbirth? END
START what did albert not complain about victoria? END
START during which year did victoria's mother die? END
START how did victoria realize that her mother deeply loved her? END
START what was albert ill with? END
START what was prince of wales attending to in dublin? END
START what did victoria blame albert's death on? END
START what year did victoria's mother die? END
START who did victoria blame for her poor relationship with her mother? END
START who took on most of victoria's duties while she grieved her mothers death? END
START what illness was albert suffering from while he helped victoria through her grief? END
START what year did albert die? END
START when did victoria's mother die?  END
START what disease was albert diagnosed with?  END
START when did albert die of his illness?  END
START what was victoria's nickname following alberts death?  END
START who was the prince of wales suspected to be having an affair with?  END
START when did the duchess die? END
START who did victoria blame for the problems between herself and the duchess? END
START what caused prince albert's death? END
START who did victoria blame for prince albert's death? END
START what gossip did prince albert hear about their son? END
START during which year did victoria's mother live? END
START how did victoria realize that her mother slightly loved her? END
START what wasn't albert ill with? END
START what wasn't princess of wales attending to in dublin? END
START what didn't victoria blame albert's death on? END
START who shot at the queen? END
START when was the shooting? END
START what was maclean's occupation? END
START which college were to two boys attending? END
START with what did the college boy's hit the shooter with? END
START who shot queen victoria? END
START what year was the queen shot? END
START who stopped maclean after he shot the queen? END
START how did the schoolboys stop maclean? END
START what did the court determine was the fate for maclean after shooting the queen? END
START what disgruntled poet shot at victoria's carriage on march 2, 1882? END
START what school did the boys who defended the queen with umbrellas attend?  END
START what was the verdict in roderick maclean's trial?  END
START what provoked the attack on queen victoria as she left windsor?  END
START what was victoria's reaction to the verdict? END
START who attempted to assassinate the queen? END
START what was the verdict in maclean's trial? END
START what position did victoria take on being shot at? END
START when did maclean attempt to shoot victoria? END
START why did maclean shoot at victoria? END
START who never shot at the queen? END
START when wasn't the shooting? END
START what wasn't maclean's occupation? END
START which college were to two girls attending? END
START with what didn't the college boy's hit the shooter with? END
START what year did gladstone return to power? END
START how old was gladstone in 1892? END
START what year did gladstone retire? END
START what position did victoria appoint lord rosebery? END
START what year did gadstone return to power? END
START how old was gladstone when he returned to power? END
START what year did gladstone retire? END
START who did victoria appoint to replace gladstone? END
START who replaced lord rosebery the year following his appointment? END
START how old was gladstone after the general election in 1892?  END
START what radical mp did victoria object to being appointed to the cabinet by gladstone?  END
START who did victoria appoint to prime minister after gladstone retired in 1894? END
START who replaced lord rosenbery after only a year of government?  END
START how long did lord salisbury remain as prime minister? END
START who was returned to power in 1892? END
START who did victoria appoint as gladstone's succesor? END
START how did lord roseberry fare as prime minister? END
START who replaced lord roseberry as prime minister? END
START how long was lord sailsbury prime minister? END
START what year did gladstone first get to power? END
START how old was gladstone in 1829? END
START what year didn't gladstone retire? END
START what position didn't victoria appoint lord rosebery? END
START which two people helped lift victoria's body into the coffin? END
START what item from her wedding was victoria dressed in inside her coffin? END
START what color was her dress? END
START who's dressing gown was placed by her side? END
START what year did queen victoria die? END
START what clothing was queen victoria laid to rest in? END
START a plaster cast of what part of alberts body was placed in the coffin with the queen? END
START what was placed in the queens left hand when she was placed in her coffin? END
START where was the funeral of queen victoria held? END
START what did victoria wear upon her death in her coffin?  END
START whose lock of hair was concealed in her left hand by flowers?  END
START when did john brown give victoria his mother's wedding ring?  END
START when was queen victoria's funeral held?  END
START where was queen victoria laid to rest after her death?  END
START where was victoria laid to rest? END
START when was queen victoria's funeral held? END
START what was hidden in queen victoria's hand by her father's family? END
START how was victoria dressed for burial? END
START who placed victoria into her coffin? END
START which three people helped lift victoria's body into the coffin? END
START what item from her wedding was victoria not dressed in inside her coffin? END
START what color wasn't her dress? END
START who's dressing gown was placed outside? END
START what year didn't queen victoria die? END
START who was considered victoria's best and kindest advisor? END
START who did victoria describe as sensible, kind, and amiable? END
START who introduced albert to victoria? END
START what uncle was victoria's favorite adviser? END
START how old was victoria when she met albert? END
START who introduced victoria and albert? END
START what qualities did victoria believe albert posessed when she met him? END
START whom did queen victoria consider her "best and kindest adviser"?  END
START who was victoria not ready to marry at age 17? END
START what was victoria's opinion of albert's appearance?  END
START who did victoria credit for her relationship to albert? END
START what did victoria think of albert at 17 years of age? END
START what were albert's best qualities? END
START how did victoria find albert's looks? END
START how old was victoria when she was introduced to albert? END
START who was considered victoria's worst and kindest advisor? END
START who did victoria describe as unsensible, mean, and amiable? END
START who never introduced albert to victoria? END
START what aunt was victoria's favorite adviser? END
START how old was victoria when she last met albert? END
START what did the queen commission sir robert peel to do? END
START in what year did melbourne resign? END
START which party was sir robert peel a part of? END
START what is the name of crisis where the wives of the tories were replacing the wives of the whigs? END
START what year did melbourne resign? END
START who voted against the bill to end the constitution of jamaica? END
START who did the queen commission to form a new ministry? END
START who returned to office after peel resigned? END
START the removal of the queens bedchamber ladies became known as what? END
START who resigned their position in 1839?  END
START why did the radicals and tories oppose the bill about the constitution of jamaica? END
START what tory did victoria commision after melbourne resigned his postion?  END
START after queen victoria refuse to replace her ladies with wives of tories, what did sir robert peel do?  END
START who did victoria reappoint to the position after the bedchamber crisis?  END
START what did the radicals and tories do that made melbourne resign? END
START which group was resisting the abolisment of slavery and were subsequently removed from power when the bill was voted down? END
START who did robert peel want to replace the ladies of the bedchamber with, instead of wives of whigs? END
START why did peel resign his comission? END
START who returned to office after peel resigned? END
START what did the king commission sir robert peel to do? END
START in what year did melbourne get hired? END
START which party wasn't sir robert peel a part of? END
START what is the name of crisis where the husbands of the tories were replacing the wives of the whigs? END
START who voted for the bill to end the constitution of jamaica? END
START which two countries was victoria trying to improve relations between? END
START how was the house of orleans and the british royal family related? END
START who did victoria stay with in normandy? END
START what year did louis philippe visit england? END
START what year did victoria first visit ireland? END
START what two countries did victoria take a large interest in improving relations between? END
START queen victoria set up meetings between the britian royal family and what house to help improve relations between britain and france? END
START what was the name of the king of normandy that victoria and albert stayed with in 1843 and 1845? END
START who was the first french king to visit queen victoria? END
START what year was victorias first visit to ireland? END
START who was the first french king to visit queen victoria?  END
START what happened to louis philippe after the revolution in france?  END
START where did victoria and her family retreat to safety during a conflict in 1848?  END
START what nation was visited for the first time by victoria in 1849? END
START what french family did victoria try to foster relations with?  END
START what was one of victoria's major concerns? END
START when was louis phillipe deposed? END
START where did victoria and her family go to for safety during the revolutionary scare of april 1848? END
START when was osborne house purchased? END
START which groups were demonstrating and trying to bring about a revolution before, ultimately, failing? END
START which three countries was victoria trying to improve relations between? END
START how was the house of orleans and the british royal family unrelated? END
START who didn't victoria stay with in normandy? END
START what year did louis philippe leave england? END
START what year did victoria first shun ireland? END
START where was orsini from? END
START who did orsini try to assassinate? END
START what position did derby hold? END
START what happened in june 1859? END
START what was the date of an attempted assasination on napoleon? END
START what was the name of the person that attempted to assasinate napoleon? END
START where was the bomb that orsini used to attempt to assasinate napoleon made? END
START who resigned due to the attempt on napoleons life? END
START what was the name of the french military port that opened on 5 august 1858? END
START who survived an assasination attempt by the italian refugee orsini in 1858? END
START who resigned their position following the scandal due to orsini's bomb being made in england?  END
START what new military port in france did victoria and albert visit after the crisis in 1858? END
START why did victoria repremend derby following her visit with napolean iii?  END
START who did victoria recall to office following her disappointment with derby in june of 1859?  END
START who attempted to assassinate napoleon? END
START when did orsinin attempt to assassinate napoleon? END
START how did orsini try to assassinate napoleon? END
START when did victoria ask palmerston to resume his office? END
START where did victoria visit that led her to reprimand derby for the state of the royal navy? END
START where wasn't orsini from? END
START who did orsini try not to assassinate? END
START what position didn't derby hold? END
START what happened in june 1895? END
START what was the date of an assasination on napoleon? END
START who died in 1865? END
START who resigned in 1868? END
START how long was disraeli in office? END
START who was disraeli's rival? END
START what political view did gladstone hold? END
START what year did palmerston die? END
START who let the ministry for a very short time after the death of palmerston? END
START who returned to power after russels brief rule of the ministry? END
START following alberts death, what was the first year that victoria attended the state opening of parliment? END
START who replaced derby after his resignation? END
START what year did pamerston die?  END
START what event did victoria attend in 1866 for the first time following albert's death? END
START what act by victoria granted the ability to vote to working men, but not women?  END
START who replaced derby when he resigned in 1868?  END
START what liberal replaced disraeli after only a few short months in office?  END
START when did palmerston die? END
START who was ultimately returned to office after palmerston's death? END
START when did derby resign? END
START who was derby's replacement? END
START how long did disralei last in office? END
START who died in 1856? END
START who resigned in 1886? END
START how long was disraeli not in office? END
START who wasn't disraeli's rival? END
START what political view didn't gladstone hold? END
START how many kings and princes were invited to the golden jubilee? END
START what year anniversary does the golden jubilee celebrate? END
START who accused karim of spying? END
START what was munshi lying about? END
START what year was victoria's golden jubilee held? END
START what was the name of the waited that was promoted to munshi? END
START whio was equerry frederick ponsonby's father? END
START who discovered that victoria's new munshi lied about his parentage? END
START who did ponsonby report the munshis lies about his parentage to? END
START when was queen victoria's golden jubilee?  END
START what was abdul karim teaching queen victoria after his promotion?  END
START who was karim accused of spying for by victoria's family?  END
START who discovered that karim had lied about his parentage to victoria?  END
START what day did queen victoria celebrate her golden jubilee at a dinner with kings and queens from other nations?  END
START when was victoria's golden jubilee? END
START what is the point of the golden jubilee? END
START who was promoted from waiter to munshi? END
START why did victoria's family disapprove of abdul karim? END
START how long was karim in the queen's employment? END
START how many kings and princes weren't invited to the golden jubilee? END
START what year anniversary does the silver jubilee celebrate? END
START who accused karim of not spying? END
START what wasn't munshi lying about? END
START what year was victoria's silver jubilee held? END
START who was the first reigning monarch from britain to set foot in spain? END
START what year did queen victoria first set foot in spain? END
START what year did victoria stop her annual visits to spain due to the boer war? END
START where did victoria visit instead of spain during the boer war? END
START what year did victoria's second son alfred die? END
START where did victoria stay in spain in 1889?  END
START what war prevented queen victoria from taking her annual trip to france in 1900? END
START what country did victoria visit instead of france during the boer war?  END
START which of queen victoria's children died in july of that year?  END
START where did victoria often go for holiday? END
START in 1889, what was victoria the first reining monarch from britian to do? END
START why did victoria visit ireland in 1861? END
START why was victoria advised not to visit france in april of 1900? END
START what tragedy did victoria face in july of 1900? END
START who was the last reigning monarch from britain to set foot in spain? END
START what year did queen victoria last set foot in spain? END
START what year did victoria start her annual visits to spain due to the boer war? END
START where did victoria visit instead of france during the boer war? END
START what year did victoria's second daughter alfred die? END
START how tall was queen victoria? END
START the extent of victorias political influence became well known after the publishing of what? END
START what year did elizabeth longford write a biography of victoria? END
START what year did cecil woodham smith writ victorias biography? END
START how tall was queen victoria?  END
START who wrote the biography about queen victoria that is now considered to be out of date?  END
START what woman wrote a biography of queen victoria in 1964? END
START when did celcil woodham-smith also write a well recieved biography about victoria?  END
START what was victoria like, physically? END
START when did people really start to understand the political mind of queen victoria? END
START who were two good biographers of queen victoria? END
START when were the best biographies of queen victoria written? END
START what kind of person was victoria? END
START how tall was queen victor? END
START the extent of victorias political influence became unknown after the publishing of what? END
START what year did elizabeth longford read a biography of victoria? END
START what year did cecil woodham smith read victorias biography END
START who read the biography about queen victoria that is now considered to be out of date?  END
START in 1830, what part of england did victoria travel to with dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what town did victoria visit in the center of england on her trip with the dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what years were journeys similar to the queen trip to melvern hills made? END
START who was annoyed that victoria was welcomed at each of her visits to central england? END
START willam was concerned that victoria would was being portrayed as what because of her trips to central england? END
START who took victoria on a trip to malvern hills in 1830? END
START who was annoyed at how well recieved victoria was on her tours of the countryside of england and wales?  END
START where did victoria become seriously ill during one of her trips?  END
START who did victoria dislike so much she banned him from her presence once she became queen?  END
START what position did conroy try and fail to get victoria to appoint him to during her illness and later?  END
START who was victoria convinced to make her secretery when she was very ill? END
START how did victoria feel about all of the trips? END
START what annoyed the king about the way victoria was received at her stops? END
START why did the king dislike victoria taking the trips? END
START when she was made queen, what did victoria do about conroy? END
START in 1803, what part of england did victoria travel to with dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what town did victoria visit in the center of england on her trip without the dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what years were journeys similar to the king trip to melvern hills made? END
START who was annoyed that victoria wasn't welcomed at each of her visits to central england? END
START willam was concerned that victoria would was being portrayed as what because of her trips to outer england? END
START who was in charge of the governemnt at the time of victorias ascession? END
START what was the name of the whig prime minister at the time of victorias ascession? END
START when was queen victorias coronation held? END
START where was victorias coronation held? END
START how many visitors came to london for victorias coronation? END
START what whig was prime minister during victoria's accession?  END
START who thought that melbourne saw victoria as if she was his daughter?  END
START when did victoria's coronation take place at westminster abbey? END
START how many people visited london for the coronation of queen victoria?  END
START what was victoria's allowance upon becoming queen?  END
START who was leading the government at the time of victoria's accension? END
START what kind of influence was melbourne to victoria? END
START when was victoria's coronation? END
START what major accomplishment did victoria achieve with her civil list allowance? END
START where did queen victoria reside? END
START who was in charge of the government at the time of victorias fall? END
START what was the name of the whig prime minister at the time of victorias fall? END
START when wasn't queen victorias coronation held? END
START where wasn't victorias coronation held? END
START how many visitors left london for victorias coronation? END
START what year was the potato blight in ireland? END
START how long did the great famine last? END
START how many irish people died during the great famine? END
START what was the label given to queen victoria during the great famine? END
START how much money did victoria donate to famine relief? END
START what crisis struck ireland during 1845? END
START how many people died during the great famine in ireland? END
START what was queen victoria called in ireland during the great famine?  END
START what story was later proven false about victoria during the great famine?  END
START how much did queen victoria actually donate to support relief in ireland, making her the top individual donor?  END
START what happened that decimated a large portion of ireland? END
START when did the potato blight begin? END
START how many people did ireland lose to the potato blight? END
START what did the potato blight cause victoria to be called? END
START how much did victoria donate to ireland to help with famine relief? END
START what year was the potato blight in scotland? END
START how long didn't the great famine last? END
START how many irish people lived during the great famine? END
START what was the label given to queen victoria during the great feast? END
START how much money did victoria donate to war relief? END
START when victoria isolated herself from the public, what movement began to grow? END
START where did victoria isolate herself? END
START what was the name of the private estate in scotland that albert and victoria purchased? END
START what year did the queen and albert purchase balmoral castle? END
START what year did a protester attach a note to the door at buckingham palace saying it was to be sold? END
START what private estate did victoria aquire with albert in 1847? END
START where did a protector put a notice because of queen victoria's lack of public appearances in march of 1864? END
START where did victoria visit after leopold advised her to make more public appearances?  END
START what movement gained popularity due to the lack of victoria appearing in public?  END
START what was a major reason victoria's monarchy was not as popular as some others? END
START what did victoria's isolation give way to? END
START who advised vicotria to begin appaering in public? END
START where did victoria visit to become more in the public view? END
START what else did victoria do to try to return her former public image? END
START when victoria isolated himself from the public, what movement began to grow? END
START where did victoria not isolate herself? END
START what was the name of the public estate in scotland that albert and victoria purchased? END
START what year did the king and albert purchase balmoral castle? END
START what year did the queen and albert sell balmoral castle? END
START what year was the indian rebellion? END
START what company was dissolved after the indian rebellion? END
START what company ruled much of india before the end of the indian rebellion? END
START who did the queen condemn in the indian rebellion? END
START what ruler was dissolved after the indian rebellion in 1857? END
START who encouraged victoria to issue an official statement on the conflict of the civil war in india?  END
START what happened to the british possesions after the rebellion of 1857?  END
START what statement was replaced in her proclamation about the civil war?  END
START before 1857, who controlled most of india? END
START what caused the british east india company to lose control of india? END
START what happened to the assets of the british east india company after it was removed from power? END
START how did the queen view the indian rebellion? END
START what did victoria believe that an official proclamation transferring control from the company to the monarchy would do? END
START what year was the indian rebellion? END
START what company was dissolved before the indian rebellion? END
START who didn't the queen condemn in the indian rebellion? END
START what company ruled none of india before the end of the indian rebellion? END
START who encouraged victoria to issue an unofficial statement on the conflict of the civil war in india?  END
START what year did victoria fall down the stairs at windsor? END
START after her fall down the stairs, what health issue was victoria plaged with thereafter? END
START who died 10 days after victorias fall down the stairs? END
START who was victorias private secretary during the years following her accident at windsor? END
START how was victoria notified of her youngest son leopolds death? END
START when was queen victoria get injured after taking a fall down some stairs?  END
START who did queen victoria write a biography about that was never published?  END
START where did victoria's youngest son, leopold die?  END
START victoria initially opposed beatrice's marriage to what man?  END
START where did beatrice meet and fall in love with prince henry?  END
START what caused victoria's rheumatism? END
START who died 10 days after victoria's accident? END
START what did victoria begin working on after brown's death? END
START who was opposed to victoria writing a biography of brown? END
START what happened in victoria's life on the day after the one year anniversary of brown's death? END
START what year didn't victoria fall down the stairs at windsor? END
START after her fall up the stairs, what health issue was victoria plaged with thereafter? END
START who lived 10 days after victorias fall down the stairs? END
START what blood clotting disease did victorias youngest son have? END
START how many of victorias daughters were carriers of the blood clotting disease that leopold had? END
START it was believed that victorias true father was a hemophiliac and not who? END
START what is the sex of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia b? END
START how old was victorias father at the time of her conception? END
START what disease did victoria's youngest son have?  END
START which two of victoria's daughters also were carriers for the blood clotting disorder?  END
START who was queen victoria's father rumored to be instead of the duke of kent? END
START what disease affected leopold and was carried by two of victoria's daughters? END
START which royal haemophiliacs are said to have descended from victoria? END
START which of victoria's daughters were carriers of haemophilia? END
START what is a big factor on whether or not an offspring will spontaneously develop haemophilia? END
START in how many births do spontaneous cases of haemophilia arise? END
START what blood clotting disease did victorias oldest son have? END
START how many of victorias sons were carriers of the blood clotting disease that leopold had? END
START it was believed that victorias true mother was a hemophiliac and not who? END
START what is the age of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia b? END
START how old was victorias father at the time of her death? END
START what year did victorias father die? END
START what year did king george iii die? END
START what nationality was queen victorias mother? END
START how old was victoria when she inherited the throne? END
START what was the name of victoria's father?  END
START when did the duke of kent die?  END
START what was victoria's mother's name? END
START at what age did victoria inherit the throne, upon the death of her father's three eldest brothers? END
START who was victoria's father? END
START who raised victoria? END
START when did victoria inherit the throne of england? END
START why did victoria inherit the throne? END
START what kind of government did england have at the time? END
START what year didn't victorias father die? END
START what nationality wasn't queen victorias mother? END
START how old was victoria when she rejected the throne? END
START what wasn't victoria's mother's name? END
START what was victorias place in line of succession to the throne when she was born? END
START what year did victoria's father and grandfather die? END
START what was th elength of time between the deaths of victoria's father and grandfather? END
START what year did the duke of york die? END
START what year did victorias uncle george iv die? END
START what place was victoria in the line of succession after her birth?  END
START whose infant daugheters both died, leaving him without an heir to the throne of england?  END
START when did george iv die?  END
START what was the regency act of 1830? END
START who distrusted the duchesses capability to reign in victoria's place until she became of age?  END
START where did victoria fall in the line of succession? END
START who came in line for the throne before victoria? END
START what happened when victoria's uncle george iv died? END
START who was victoria's last surviving uncle? END
START who was to act as regent if george died while victoria was still a minor? END
START what was victorias place in line of succession to the throne when she died? END
START what year did victoria's father and grandfather survive? END
START what was the length of time between the deaths of victoria's father and brother? END
START what year did the duke of york survive? END
START what year did victorias uncle george v die? END
START on what date did victoria turn 18? END
START on what date did william iv die? END
START how old was william iv when he died? END
START what is the name given to victoria on official documents? END
START what was the exact time that victorias uncle, the king, died? END
START when did victoria turn 18? END
START when did victoria become queen upon william iv's death?  END
START what name was victoria referred to as on only the first day of her reign? END
START how old was victoria's uncle, king willaim on his death?  END
START who informed victoria of her uncle's passing and that she was now to become queen of england?  END
START what caused victoria to become the queen of the united kingdom? END
START who came to tell victoria that she was to be queen of the united kingdom? END
START what name did the first official documents of victoria's monarchy have her listed as? END
START how old was william iv when he died? END
START where did she receive the news that she was to be queen? END
START on what date did victoria turn 81? END
START on what date did william v die? END
START how old was william iv when he survived? END
START what is the name given to victoria on unofficial documents? END
START what was the exact time that victorias uncle, the prince, died? END
START what was the marital status of victoria when she became the queen? END
START whi did victoria have to live with because she was unmarried? END
START victoria and her mother had differences over what system? END
START victoria and her mother had differences over her mothers reliances on who? END
START where was victorias mother assigned to live? END
START what did victoria and her mother disagree on?  END
START whom did victoria's mother continue to rely on, despite victoria's displeasure?  END
START to whom did queen victoria lament that marriage was a shocking alternative to her mother's prescence?  END
START where did both queen victoria and her mother reside after she became queen?  END
START where did victoria live at the beginning of her reign? END
START why did victoria live with her mother at the beginning of her reign? END
START what could have allowed victoria freedom from living with her mother? END
START how did victoria feel about having to be married in order to escape living with her mother? END
START how did victoria feel about the prospect of having to live with her mother, no matter how far away in the palace they put her? END
START what was the marital status of victoria when she became the princess? END
START whi did victoria have to live with because she was married? END
START victoria and her father had differences over what system? END
START victoria and her mother had differences over her fathers reliances on who? END
START where was victorias mother assigned to die? END
START what was the name of the man that tried to shoot queen victoria? END
START on what date did john francis try to shoot queen victoria? END
START where was queen victoria when francis tried to shoot her? END
START what happened to francis after his attempt to shoot victoria? END
START why did francis fail to kill queen victoria? END
START who made two unsuccessful attempts on queen victoria's life in 1842? END
START what was john francis's eventual sentence for the attempt on the queens life?  END
START who shot at queen victoria on july 3, days after john francis's sentence was commuted?  END
START who fired a shot at queen victoria's carriage in 1849? END
START what person recieved a seven year transportation sentence for striking victoria on the head with his cane?  END
START who escaped victoria's guards after attempting to fire a shot at her? END
START what happened to john francis after his second attempt to fire on the queen? END
START what did john william bean try to fire at queen victoria? END
START what were the consequences of john william bean's attempt to fire at the queen? END
START when did william hamilton fire a powder charge at victoria's carriage? END
START what was the name of the man that tried to save queen victoria? END
START on what date did john francis try to help queen victoria? END
START where wasn't queen victoria when francis tried to shoot her? END
START what happened to francis after his attempt not to shoot victoria? END
START why did francis fail to help queen victoria? END
START what political party was russells ministry? END
START what was the name of the foreign secretary that victoria found offensive? END
START to whom did victoria complain about palmerston? END
START what year was palmerston removed from office? END
START what was president bonapartes name changed to? END
START what position did lord palmerston hold? END
START what scandal prompted palmerstons removal in 1851? END
START president bonaparte was declared what in france?  END
START who briefly replaced russell as prime minister?  END
START what did victoria express her displeasure at to russell about palmerton?  END
START who was the foreign secretary of russell's ministry? END
START to what party did russell and palmerston belong? END
START what replaced russell's administration? END
START what happened to president bonaparte in 1852? END
START whom did palmerston fail to gain approval from befoe announcing the support of the british government of napoleon's coup?  END
START what political party wasn't russells ministry? END
START what was the name of the foreign secretary that victoria found ok? END
START to whom didn't victoria complain about palmerston? END
START what year was palmerston upheld in office? END
START what position didn't lord palmerston hold? END
START who did victorias eldest daughter marry? END
START where did victoria's oldest daughter get married? END
START how old was princess victoria when she agreed to marry the prince? END
START how old was princess victoria when she was married? END
START where did princess victoria move to after she was married? END
START who did princess victoria marry at the age of 17?  END
START how old was princess victoria when she became engaged to prince frederick?  END
START where did princess victoria and her husband leave for after their marriage?  END
START what was the name of queen victoria's first grandchild?  END
START what position did wilhelm later hold in germany?  END
START when was victoria's oldest daughter married? END
START how old was victoria's oldest daughter when she was amrried? END
START what did queen victoria hope for the marriage between her daughter and prince frederick william? END
START who was the queen's first grandchild? END
START what future awaited the first grandson of queen victoria? END
START who did victorias youngest daughter marry? END
START where did victoria's youngest daughter get married? END
START how old was princess victoria when she agreed to divorce the prince? END
START how old was princess victoria when she wasn't married? END
START who didn't princess victoria marry at the age of 17?  END
START who was the reigning king of the united kingdom until 1817? END
START who was the only grandchild of george iii until 1817? END
START what year did princess charlotte of wales die? END
START who did the duke of kent marry in 1818? END
START who was queen victorias father? END
START who was the only legitimate grandchild of george iii? END
START who did prince edward marry in 1818 in the hopes of producing a child? END
START who was princess victoria widowed from? END
START what time was queen victoria born on may 24, 1819? END
START who was princess charlotte married to until her death?  END
START who are queen victoria's mother and father? END
START when was queen victoria born? END
START what was queen victoria's father's official title? END
START what was queen victoria's mother's official title? END
START who were princess victoria's children from her previous marriage? END
START who wasn't queen victorias father? END
START who was the reigning king of the united kingdom until 1871? END
START who was the only grandchild of george iii until 1871? END
START what year did princess charlotte of wales get sick? END
START who did the duke of kent marry in 1881? END
START the dutchesses brother leopold was the king of what country? END
START what year did leopold become king of the belgians? END
START who was the nephew of leopold? END
START who was alberts father? END
START how did victoria describe the physical appearance of alexander? END
START who disapproved of the proposed marriage between victoria and albert? END
START who was the man william iv wanted victoria to wed instead?  END
START prince alexander was the second son of whom?  END
START what did victoria think of her suiter, the prince alexander of orange?  END
START how did victoria feel about albert? END
START who wanted to see victoria and albert marry? END
START who opposed victoria marrying albert, or any coburg? END
START who did william iv feel was a suitable husband for victoria? END
START the dutchesses brother leopold was the queen of what country? END
START what year did leopold become king of the belgiums? END
START who was the neice of leopold? END
START who wasn't alberts father? END
START how did victoria describe the mental appearance of alexander? END
START what year did victorias reputation begin to suffer? END
START what was the job of lady flora hastings in victorias household? END
START what health issue did flora hastings develope that began to ruin victorias reputation? END
START what was flora hastings abdominal growth rumored to be? END
START who was rumored to be the father of flora hastings "pregnancy"? END
START what lady in waiting was at the heart of a 1839 court scandal? END
START what was the cause of lady flora's death in july?  END
START with whom did lady flora consipire against queen victoria?  END
START what was queen victoria called after lady flora's death due? END
START who, in victoria's court, was accused of having a pregnancy outside of mariage? END
START who was believed to be the father of lady flor's "baby"? END
START what did victoria think of lady flora? END
START why did victoria hate sir conroy and lady flora? END
START what was actually the cause of lady flora's "pregnancy"? END
START what year did victorias reputation begin to recover? END
START what was the job of sir flora hastings in victorias household? END
START what health issue did flora hastings develop that began to help victorias reputation? END
START what wasn't flora hastings abdominal growth rumored to be? END
START who was rumored to be the mother of flora hastings "pregnancy"? END
START what year was the third french republic established? END
START where was the republica rally held that called for vuictorias removal? END
START who spoke against victoria at the rally in trafalgar square? END
START in 1871, victoria became seriously ill with an abscess on what part of her body? END
START who lanced and treated the abscess on queen victorias arm? END
START how was the republican sentiment in britain changed? END
START where was a rally calling for queen victoria's removal held?  END
START what cutting edge treatment did joseph lister use to treat queen victoria's illness? END
START what disease nearly took the prince of wales life?  END
START what helped to boost the rebublicians in 1870? END
START when did the third french republic come onto the scene? END
START what was a new antiseptic being used to treat abcesses in the 1870's? END
START what disease was contracted by the prince of wales that nearly ended his life? END
START who spoke against victoria at trafalgar square? END
START after what event did the prince of wales' health begin to improve? END
START what year was the third french republic demolished? END
START where was the republica rally held that called for vuictorias promotion? END
START who spoke in support of victoria at the rally in trafalgar square? END
START in 1817, victoria became seriously ill with an abscess on what part of her body? END
START who lanced and never treated the abscess on queen victorias arm? END
START what year was queen victorias first pregnancy? END
START who attempted to assasinate victoria while she was riding in a carriage? END
START how old was edward oxford? END
START who was riding in the carriage with victoria when oxford attempted to assasinate her? END
START how many times did oxford fire the gun at victoria and miss? END
START who tried to assassinate queen victoria while she was pregnant with her first child? END
START when was queen victoria's first daughter born?  END
START queen victoria and prince albert had how many more children after victoria's birth?  END
START what year was albert edward, queen victoria's first born son born?  END
START what major life event was victoria facing when she also had to contend with her first assassination attempt? END
START when was victoria's first assassination attempt? END
START what did the first assassination attempt do for victoria's reign? END
START what was edward oxford charged with after his assassination attempt? END
START what happened to edward oxford to after he was found guilty of high treason? END
START what year was queen victorias last pregnancy? END
START who attempted to assasinate victoria while she was riding in a car? END
START how old wasn't edward oxford? END
START who was riding in the carriage with victoria when oxford attempted to aid her? END
START how many times did oxford fire the gun at victoria and hit? END
START who did victoria try to convince disraeli  to act against during the russo-turkish war? END
START what impact did victorias threats have on the impact of the russo=turkish war? END
START what disraeli policy did victoria endorse? END
START who lost the disraeli general election in 1880? END
START who returned as prime minister when disraeli lost the general election in 1880? END
START what caused queen victoria to threaten to abdicate five times?  END
START what ended the russo-turkish war? END
START why did queen victoria want to take over other countries?  END
START who was elected prime minister after disareli lost the election in 1880? END
START to whom did queen victoria dedicate a memorial after his death for grateful service?  END
START what position did victoria take on how to be a successful and top notch power? END
START who won the 1880 general election? END
START what conflicts can be attributed to disraeli's stance on foreign policy? END
START what did victoria place to memorialize disraeli? END
START who did victoria try to convince disraeli to act against during the russo-turkish war? END
START what impact did victorias threats have on the impact of the russo=turkish war? END
START what disraeli policy did victoria don't endorse? END
START who lost the disraeli general election in 1808? END
START who returned as prime minister when disraeli lost the general election in 1808? END
START who was britains closest ally since the crimean war? END
START when did napoleon iii visit london? END
START where did napoleon meet victoria and albert? END
START napoleon accompanied victoria and alber to what city diring the visit? END
START victoria and albert were the guests of honor at a large ball that took place where? END
START who was britains's closest ally following the crimean war? END
START what did napoleon iii and the royal couple visit?  END
START when were napoleon i remains returned to their resting place at les invalides?  END
START how many guests attented a ball at the palace of versaille with napoleon iii and the royal couple in attendence? END
START where did napoleon iii meet victoria and albert, before accompanying them to paris? END
START when were napoleon i's remains interred in his mausoleum? END
START who was britian's closest ally after the crimean war? END
START where were victoria and albert honored guests at ball thrown by napoleon iii? END
START when did napoleon iii visit london? END
START who was britains closest enemy since the crimean war? END
START when did napoleon ii visit london? END
START where didn't napoleon meet victoria and albert? END
START napoleon unaccompanied victoria and alber to what city diring the visit? END
START victoria and albert were the guests of honor at a small ball that took place where? END
START what was the name of the manservent that victoria had in the 1860's? END
START where was john brown, victorias manservant, from? END
START what kind of a connection was rumored to exist between victoria and john brown? END
START what was the nickname given to queen victoria when rumors of a relationship with john brown arose? END
START what was the name of the 1997 movie depicting the relationship between victoria and john brown? END
START what country was queen victoria's manservant with whom she was rumored to have a romantic interest? END
START what was the name of the movie that told the story of queen victoria's romance with john brown? END
START what artist painted the queen and brown which hung in the royal academy? END
START in what memior written by queen victoria was john brown praised? END
START which manservent was victoria's most trusted ally? END
START which movie was made about the scandalous affair that victoria was believed to have had with john brown? END
START which book did victoria publish that did nothing to take away from the rumors about her and john brown? END
START who did the queen feature in her book that drew so much criticism? END
START what was the name of the manservent that victoria had in the 1870's? END
START what kind of a connection was rumored to not  exist between victoria and john brown? END
START where was john brown, victorias lover, from? END
START what was the name of the 1979 movie depicting the relationship between victoria and john brown? END
START what was the nickname given to queen victoria when rumors of a relationship with john brown died? END
START where did victoria spend the christmas of 1900? END
START where was osborne house that victoria spent christmas at located? END
START what had caused victoria to be lame? END
START why was victorias eyesight clouded? END
START what was the date of queen victorias death? END
START where was osborne house located? END
START when did queen victoria die?  END
START how old was queen victoria upon her death?  END
START who was queen victoria's successor after her death?  END
START who did she wish to see on her deathbed, making it her last request?  END
START where did victoria usually spend christmases? END
START what caused victoria limited mobility later in life? END
START whaen did queen victoria die? END
START how old was victoria when she died? END
START who was queen victoria's successor? END
START where did victoria spend the christmas of 1901? END
START where was osborne house that victoria spent christmas at not located? END
START what hadn't caused victoria to be lame? END
START why was victorias eyesight unclouded? END
START what was the date of queen victorias birth? END
START in a general election of what year was disraeli returned to power? END
START what year was the public worship regulation act passed? END
START what church did victoria consider herself aligned with? END
START what act did disraeli push through parliment in 1876? END
START in 1876 victoria held what title? END
START what removed catholic rituals from anglican services?  END
START which church did queen victoria consider her favorite?  END
START who published the royal titles act of 1876? END
START when was queen victoria named the empress of india?  END
START where was the new title of empress of india proclaimed?  END
START when was disraeli returned to office? END
START what change, supported by victoria, did disraeli make to the anglician liturgy? END
START where did victoria really align herself when it came to religion? END
START what allowed victoria to become the empress of india? END
START whic act, passed by disraeli, allowed him to alter the anglician liturgy? END
START in a general election of what year was disraeli kicked from power? END
START what year was the public worship regulation act passed? END
START what church did victoria consider herself unaligned with? END
START what act did disraeli push through parliment in 1867? END
START in 1867 victoria held what title? END
START what kind of monarchy was formed under queen victoria? END
START reforms to what system increased the power of the house fo commons? END
START as victorias rule became less polital, what values were emphasized? END
START what type of monarchy was established as time went on in victorias rule? END
START how did the reforms of britains voting system affect the house of commons?  END
START what was most important as the monarchy under queen victoria shifted from political to symbolic?  END
START what idea was solidified to which the increasing middle classes in britain could identify with? END
START what was queen victoria's reign considered?  END
START what kind of government was victoria's reign leaning towards? END
START what increased the power in the house of commons? END
START who paid the price for the reforms of the voting system? END
START rather than political, what was victoria's monarchy seen as? END
START what was a monarchy that the more middle clas could get behind and support? END
START what kind of monarchy was formed after queen victoria? END
START reforms to what system increased the power of the house of uncommons? END
START as victorias rule became more polical, what values were emphasized? END
START what type of monarchy was cancelled as time went on in victorias rule? END
START how did the reforms of britains voting system not affect the house of commons?  END
START what year did gladstone resign? END
START gladstone resigned after what was defeted? END
START victoria blamed gladstone for the death of who? END
START who replaced gladstone after he resigned? END
START how long did lord salisburys government last? END
START what man was gladstone blamed for after his death at khartoum? END
START who replaced gladstone for only a few short months?  END
START what did the bill gladstone failed to pass state, much to queen victoria's pleasure?  END
START who defeated gladstone yet again in the general elction? END
START why did gladstone resign in 1885?  END
START when did gladstone resign? END
START why did gladstone resign? END
START how did victoria feel about the resignation of gladstone? END
START who's death did victoria blame on gladstone? END
START who replaced gladstone? END
START what year didn't gladstone resign? END
START gladstone resigned after what wasn't defeted? END
START victoria blamed gladstone for the life of who? END
START who replaced gladstone after he was fired? END
START how long did lord salisburys government not last? END
START how many words a day did victoria write? END
START what year did victoria begin keeping a journal? END
START how many volumes was queen victorias journal? END
START who was victorias youngest daughter? END
START what did beatrice do to her mothers diaries after her death? END
START how many journals did queen victoria write in her lifetime? END
START who was appointed as queen victoria's literary executor upon her death?  END
START what did beatrice do with the journals after she transcribed and edited them?  END
START who transcribed queen victoria's journals from 1832 to 1861?  END
START what biographer said queen victoria wrote an average of 2500 words a day in her journals? END
START how avid of a writer was the queen? END
START how many volumes did her journal span? END
START who was victoria's literary executer? END
START what did beatrice do with her mother's journals? END
START what did beatrice do with the origional volumes of her mother's diaries? END
START how many words a day did victoria read? END
START what year did victoria stop keeping a journal? END
START how many volumes was not in queen victorias journal? END
START who was victorias oldest daughter? END
START what did beatrice do to her mothers diaries before her death? END
START what concept determines relationships between grand lodges? END
START what must two lodges be in, in order to inter-visit? END
START what, besides recognition, must happen between two grand lodges in order for them to be considered in amity?  END
START what can be causes of one grand lodge withdrawing recognition from another? END
START what are the members of a grand lodge called? END
START gran lodges are in what when they are in masonic communication with each other? END
START what concept is used to determine relations between grand lodges? END
START what does each grand lodge maintain? END
START what is not allowed when grand lodges are not in amity?  END
START what are the two most common reasons one grand lodge will withhold recognition from another? END
START what concept determines conflicts between grand lodges? END
START what must only one lodge be in, in order to inter-visit? END
START what, besides recognition, must never happen between two grand lodges in order for them to be considered in amity? END
START what are the enemies of a grand lodge called? END
START what is not allowed when grand lodges are empty? END
START when did ceremonial regalia first appear in the masonic culture? END
START how long have historians been seeking information about the masonic movement? END
START what kind of an oath do masons take when they join? END
START what is the oldest written document about freemasonary? END
START when was the regius poem written? END
START when did masonic historians star seeking the origins of the masonic movement? END
START what are the old masonic document referred as? END
START the old charges are dated from when to when? END
START the fifteenth century also shows evidence of what in masonic history? END
START the duties of its grades is an example of what historic documents? END
START when did ceremonial regalia last appear in the masonic culture? END
START how long have historians been hiding information about the masonic movement? END
START what kind of an oath do masons refuse to take when they join? END
START when was the regius poem stolen? END
START what are the new masonic documents referred as? END
START why did the grand orient de france conclude that freemasonry shouldn't require religious belief? END
START what was removed from the freemasonry constitution? END
START who withdrew recognition from the grand orient de france? END
START what was a possible condition that made the united grand lodge of england withdraw it's recognition of the grand orient de france? END
START how was the belief of the existance of god and the immortal soul replaced in the constitution? END
START what year was it ruled that freemasonry was not a religion? END
START what grand lodge had a withdrawal of recognition by the united grand lodge of england? END
START what was a motivation of the grand lodge of england's objection? END
START who disputed the lausanne congress of supreme councils? END
START why did the grand orient de france conclude that freemasonry should require religious belief? END
START what was added to the freemasonry constitution? END
START who maintained permanent recognition with the grand orient de france? END
START how was the belief of the existence of god and the immortal soul explained in the constitution? END
START what year was it ruled that freemasonry was a religion? END
START when were the first constitutions for freemasonry printed? END
START who composed the first printed constitutions for freemasonry? END
START which group was specifically excluded from freemasonry in the printed constitutions? END
START what was created for women as freemasonry began to spread? END
START when was the idea of the lodges for adoption abandoned? END
START when was the dawn of the grand lodge era? END
START who composed the first printed constitutions for freemasons? END
START who is excluded from freemasonry? END
START what were lodges called that included women? END
START who abandoned the including of women in freemasonry experiment in the early 19'th century? END
START when were the only constitutions for freemasonry printed? END
START who decomposed the first printed constitutions for freemasonry? END
START which group was specifically unknown in freemasonry in the printed constitutions? END
START what was banned for women as freemasonry began to spread? END
START what were lodges called that included cats? END
START what are some protestant objections to freemasonry? END
START what are catholic objections to freemasonry? END
START who is generally accepted as the voice of freemasonry? END
START who do the protestant anti-masons believe is the absolute authority on the use of mysticism, satanism and occultism in freemasonry? END
START what was albert pike actually more of an expert in? END
START what religion alleged freemasons as satanic? END
START what religion alleged freemasons as unnatural and irrational?  END
START who was controversial among freemasons? END
START who has spoke for all freemasons? END
START albert pike's opinions were grounded in what? END
START what are some protestant rewards to freemasonry? END
START who is always accepted as the voice of freemasonry? END
START who do the protestant anti-masons believe is the worst authority on the use of mysticism, satanism and occultism in freemasonry? END
START what was albert pike actually more of an amateur in? END
START what religion alleged freemasons as omniscient? END
START what put english freemasonry at risk? END
START what did the unlawful socities act ban? END
START when was the unlawful socities act implemented? END
START what was each private lodge required to provide to the clerk of peace every year? END
START who did the grand masters call upon to explain that freemasonry was not an unlawful society? END
START english freemasonry almost came to a halt in what year? END
START why did english freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1799? END
START what act was made in 1799 banning any meeting of groups that had to take an oath or obligation? END
START who gave the freemasons an exemption of the act of 1799? END
START what year did parliament rescind the exemption of 1799 given to the freemasons? END
START what put canadian freemasonry at risk? END
START what did the unlawful societies act encourage? END
START when was the unlawful societies act forgotten? END
START what was each private lodge required to provide to the clerk of peace every week? END
START why did english freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1699? END
START what are two things that anit-masonry usually associated with? END
START what year did the ba'ath party make freemasonry a felony? END
START who wrote that it was not suprising that the blame for 9/11 was trying to be blamed on a masonic world order? END
START according to  professor andrew prescott, how long has antisemitism gone together with anti-masonry? END
START in some countries, anti-masonry is related to what? END
START who change the iraqi legal and penal code in 1980? END
START who suggested the september 11 attacks on the united states were inspired by a masonic world order? END
START what are two things that anti-masonry is always associated with? END
START what year did the ba'ath party make freemasonry a holiday? END
START who wrote that it was shocking that the blame for 9/11 was trying to be blamed on a masonic world order? END
START who changed the iraqi legal and penal code in 1780? END
START how long has antisemitism been against anti-masonry according to professor andrew prescott? END
START what do most masonic rituals consist of? END
START what is the first degree of masonry? END
START what is the second degree of masonry? END
START what is the final degree of masonry? END
START what things come with each new degree in freemasonry? END
START the bulk of masonic rituals consist of what? END
START what is the first of degree ceremonies? END
START what comes after the degree of entered apprentice? END
START what is the final degree in the freemasons? END
START what annual ceremony do freemasons have? END
START what do no masonic rituals consist of? END
START what is the ninth degree of masonry? END
START what is the eighth degree of masonry? END
START what is no longer the final degree of masonry? END
START what quarterly ceremony do freemasons have? END
START when did english freemasonry arrive in france? END
START who were the first english freemasons in france? END
START when did freemasonry begin to spread to continental europe? END
START who formed the grand loge de france? END
START who was the successor to the duke of clermont? END
START when did english freemasonry spread to france? END
START when did freemasonry spread to most of the continental europe? END
START the grand loge de france formed under who? END
START who was the successor to the grand mastership of the duke of clermont? END
START when was the central body of the grand orient de france reconstituted? END
START when did english freemasonry end in france? END
START who were the only english freemasons in france? END
START when did freemasonry begin to spread to continental antarctica? END
START who destroyed the grand loge de france? END
START when was the central body of the grand orient de france lost? END
START why was the centre de liasion et d'information des puissances maconniques signataires de l'appel de strasbourg set up? END
START when was clipsas set up? END
START what are two major sections of freemasonry? END
START what is the continental strand consideres to be by most of freemasonry? END
START what strand is considered to be irregular by the majority of freemasons? END
START the clipsas organization was formed in what year? END
START how many grand lodges and grand orients are listed in the clipsas list? END
START does the united grand lodge of england communicate with any of the 70 lodges on the clipsas list? END
START why was the centre de liasion et d'information des puissances maconniques signataires de l'appel de strasbourg removed? END
START when was clipsas forbidden? END
START what is the only major section of freemasonry? END
START what is the continental strand considered to be by all of freemasonry? END
START how many grand lodges and grand orients are unlisted in the clipsas list? END
START whao has always opposed freemasonry? END
START why does the catholic church oppose the freemasons so strongly? END
START who issued the first papal prounouncement against freemasonry? END
START when was the first papal prounouncement against freemasonry made? END
START what was the most recent papal prounouncement agasnst freemasonry? END
START who has the longest history of objection to freemasonry? END
START what law banned books favoring freemasonry? END
START the roman catholic church objection to freemasons are based on what? END
START what pope first issued papal pronouncements against freemasons? END
START what pope most recently issued papal pronouncements against freemasons? END
START who can never oppose freemasonry? END
START why does the catholic church approve of the freemasons so strongly? END
START who issued the only papal pronouncement against freemasonry? END
START who has the shortest history of objection to freemasonry? END
START what law required books favoring freemasonry? END
START what action is forbid by the orthodox greek church to freemasons? END
START what is the official stance on freemasonry by the greek orthodox church? END
START what would happen if someone in the greek orthodox church became a freemason? END
START when did the orthodox church of greece proclaim being a freemason was an act of apostacy? END
START which other major religions hold the same beliefs, on freemasonry, as the orthodox church of greece? END
START in what year did the orthodox church of greece declare that being a freemason constituted an act of apostasy? END
START freemasonry cannot be compatible with what according to the orthodox church? END
START freemason cannot partake in what until they repent according to the orthodox church of greece? END
START what action is mandatory by the orthodox greek church to freemasons? END
START what is the unofficial stance on freemasonry by the greek orthodox church? END
START what would happen if someone in the greek orthodox church saw a freemason? END
START what is the only religion that holds the same beliefs, on freemasonry, as the orthodox church of greece? END
START what year did the orthodox church of greece declare that not being a freemason constituted an act of apostasy? END
START what belief is required of a candidate by the grand lodge? END
START are candadites required to express belief in a specific religion? END
START which branch of freemasonry does not require a belief in a supreme being? END
START which branch of freemasonry accepts atheists? END
START which branch of freemasonry only accepts christians? END
START most grand lodges require a candidate to declare a belief in what? END
START freemasons most common in scandinavia only accept who as members? END
START what freemason group accept atheists? END
START the grand orient de france is considered what type of freemasonry? END
START what belief is optional of a candidate by the grand lodge? END
START which branch of freemasonry does not allow a belief in a supreme being? END
START which branch of freemasonry executes atheists? END
START which branch of freemasonry only accepts children? END
START what is exclusive jurisdiction? END
START what happens if two grand lodges try to establish themselves in the same area? END
START what can happen if two over-lapping grand lodges are in amity and decide to share jurisdiction? END
START if two over-lapping grand lodges are in amity and decide to waive exclusive jurisdiction, who must the other grand lodges recognize? END
START what must other grand lodges do if two over-lapping grand lodges cannot agree to share the territory? END
START what concept only recognizes one grand lodge in a given geographical area? END
START in what year did the grand lodge of new york split into two separate rival factions? END
START when can exclusive jurisdiction be waived? END
START what is excluded jurisdiction? END
START what happens if no grand lodges try to establish themselves in the same area? END
START what can happen if two over-lapping grand lodges are in amity and decide to not share jurisdiction? END
START what concept only recognizes several grand lodges in a given geographical area? END
START what year did the grand lodge of new york split into three separate rival factions? END
START from what centuries are the earliest passwords and rituals of freemasonry known? END
START what is the oldest masonic lodge in the world? END
START what were members who did not practice the physical craft known as? END
START when compared, how similar are the rituals and passwords from the turn of the 17 - 18 centuries to the ones from the later 18th century? END
START what is the oldest masonic lodge in the world? END
START when was the lodge of edinburgh started? END
START when did rituals become similar between different masonic lodges? END
START what century is the only one with passwords and rituals of freemasonry known? END
START what is the only masonic lodge in the world? END
START what were members who practiced the magical craft known as? END
START when was the lodge of edinburgh abandoned? END
START when did rituals become identical between different masonic lodges? END
START why was prince hall freemasonry formed? END
START when was prince hall freemasonry formed? END
START what happened when the ugle was formed in 1813? END
START what did africian lodge, number 459 become after they were removed from the ugle? END
START what was africian lodge, number 1 considered after they changed from africian lodge, number 459? END
START what exists today because of the refusal of early american lodges to admit african americans? END
START in what year was prince hall admitted into the british military lodge? END
START when was the african lodge, number 459, formed? END
START when was the ugle formed? END
START the african lodge re-titled itself what? END
START why was prince hall freemasonry outlawed? END
START when was prince hall freemasonry forgotten? END
START what happened when the ugle was formed in 1913? END
START what was african lodge, number 3 considered after they changed from african lodge, number 456? END
START what no longer exists today because of the refusal of early american lodges to admit african americans? END
START when was maria deraismes initiated into freemasonry? END
START why did deraismes resign from freemasonry? END
START what led to exclusively female bodies of freemasons in england? END
START who, along with maria dersaismes, started a mixed gender masonic lodge? END
START who brought the message of mixed gender, practicing masonic lodges to the english speaking? END
START who resigned from the freemasons for their lodge to rejoin their grand lodge? END
START what year was maria deraismes initiated into the freemasons? END
START maria deraismes and who else started a mixed masonic lodge? END
START what year was an all-female masonic lodge created? END
START what year was the all-female masonic lodge cast aside? END
START when was maria deraismes assassinated in freemasonry? END
START why did deraismes dislike freemasonry? END
START what led to exclusively transgender bodies of freemasons in england? END
START who, along with maria dersaismes, stopped a mixed gender masonic lodge? END
START what year was an all-animal masonic lodge created? END
START what do islamic anti-masonics link freemasonry to? END
START why do muslim anti-masonics believe that the freemasons want to destroy the al-aqsa mosque? END
START what is another group that anti-masonic muslims link to zionism? END
START what are most of the arguements by anti-masonic muslims centered on?  END
START who's interests are the muslin anti-masonics afraid that the freemasons are protecting? END
START what do many islamic and anti-masonic argue about freemasonry? END
START some muslims argue that freemasonry promotes what? END
START what article states that freemasonry work in the interest of zionism? END
START what do islamic masonics link freemasonry to? END
START why do muslim masonics believe that the freemasons want to destroy the al-aqsa mosque? END
START what is another group that masonic muslims link to islam? END
START who's interests are the muslin anti-masonics afraid that the freemasons are hurting? END
START what article states that freemasonry work in the interest of humanity? END
START how many freemasons are believed to have been killed under hitler's nazi regime? END
START what kind of prisioner was a freemason considered to be? END
START what identifier did the nazis make the freemason prisioners wear? END
START who was responsible for creating antisemetic and anti-masonic propaganda? END
START where is most of the informaton about freemasons persecuted in the holocaust located? END
START what is the relch security main office also called? END
START who was responsible for ideological tasks of the written records? END
START how many freemasons were killed under the nazi regime? END
START what did masonic concentration camp inmates have to wear? END
START how many freemasons are believed to have been resurrected under hitler's nazi regime? END
START what kind of deity was a freemason considered to be? END
START what identifier did the nazis make the freemason prisoners conceal? END
START what is the reich security main office required to be called? END
START who was responsible for geography tasks of the verbal records? END
START where are the origins of freemasonry? END
START what were the fraternaties of stonemasons origionally responsible for? END
START where did the degrees of freemasonry derived from? END
START what are the degrees of freemasonry? END
START freemasons trace their origins to what? END
START how many grades are there in medieval craft guilds? END
START craft freemasonry is also known as what? END
START members of craft masonry are called what? END
START where did freemasonry end? END
START what were the fraternities of stonemasons avoiding responsibility for? END
START what are no longer the degrees of freemasonry? END
START how many kings are there in medieval craft guilds? END
START what is craft freemasonry forbidden as being known as? END
START how are freemasons invited to join a lodge? END
START how does one become a freemason? END
START can women ask to be a member of the masonic lodge? END
START how can you find a lodge to ask to be a member of? END
START candidates for freemasonry must do what before being initiated?  END
START candidates are normally introduced to the lodge by whom? END
START now days, many interested people find a masonic lodge using what? END
START candidates are never what to a masonic lodge? END
START what usually follows an initial inquiry of a candidate? END
START how are freemasons asked to leave a lodge? END
START why can't anyone become a freemason? END
START can pets ask to be a member of the masonic lodge? END
START what always follows an initial inquiry of a candidate? END
START how large is the membership of freemasonry? END
START what is the largest single jurisdiction of freemasonry? END
START how many members does the ugle have? END
START what are the membership numbers of the united states? END
START how many members does the grand lodge of scotland and the grand lodge of ireland have, together? END
START how many members are in freemasonry? END
START what lodge has the single largest single jurisdiction of freemasonry? END
START how many members are in the grand lodge of england? END
START the grand lodges of scotland and ireland have how many member? END
START the united states has how many freemason members? END
START how many people lost membership of freemasonry? END
START what is the only single jurisdiction of freemasonry? END
START how many members does the ugle lose every year? END
START how many members left the united states? END
START how many dogs are in the grand lodge of england? END
START are masons allowed to divulge the secrets of each degree? END
START how are oaths taken? END
START in what branch can books, other than scripture, be used for the purpose of oath taking? END
START what can be considered a volume of sacred law? END
START masons swear to protect their brethren unless they what? END
START most lodges have the oath taken on what? END
START mason swear at each degree to do what? END
START why are masons allowed to divulge the secrets of each degree? END
START how are oaths taken as fake? END
START what can be considered a volume of sacred math? END
START what are masons required to have done in order to be protected? END
START what branch of freemasonry requires books other than scripture? END
START where were the earliest known american logdes located? END
START what is the earliest that lodges appeared in america? END
START when was a provincial grand master for north america appointed? END
START where did other american lodges obtain their authoriisations from? END
START when did the lodges without prior authorisations apply to be recognized? END
START where were the earliest lodges in america? END
START who was the collector for the port of pennsylvania in 1715? END
START a provincial grand master for north america was first appointed when? END
START the provincial grand master for north america was base where? END
START where were the only known american lodges located? END
START what is the earliest that lodges exploded in america? END
START when was a provincial grand master for the world appointed? END
START when did the lodges without prior authorizations apply to be forgotten? END
START who was the collector for the port of pennsylvania in 1615? END
START how long have masonic lodges been in iraq? END
START how many lodges existed in iraq in the 1950s? END
START what is the greatest penalty that a freemason in iraq could face now? END
START when were all the lodges in iraq forced to close? END
START when was a scottish lodge formed in iraq? END
START when did masonic lodges start in iraq? END
START who opened the first lodge in iraq? END
START when was the first scottish masonic lodge opened in iraq? END
START all masonic lodges were forced to close in iraq in what year? END
START who introduced the death penalty to freemasons living in iraq? END
START how long have masonic lodges been banned in iraq? END
START how many lodges existed in iraq in the 1350s? END
START what is the greatest reward that a freemason in iraq could face now? END
START when was a russian lodge formed in iraq? END
START who opened the only lodge in iraq? END
START when was the united grand lodge of england formed? END
START the grand orient de france and the united grand lodge of england continued in amity until when? END
START what year did the supreme council of the ancient and accepted scottish rite of louisiana appear in the jurisdiction of the grand lodge of louisiana? END
START when was the united grand lodge of england demolished? END
START what year did the supreme council of the ancient and accepted scottish rite of louisiana disappear in the jurisdiction of the grand lodge of louisiana? END
START what lodge was never in amity with another? END
START who did the new scottish rite body refuse to admit? END
START in what year was a new code to the canon law issued by the church? END
START who clarified the new code of canon law of 1983? END
START do freemasons allow catholics into their fraternity? END
START what year was an old code to the canon law issued by the church? END
START who clarified the new code of canon law of 1973? END
START why are catholics not allowed into freemasonry? END
START which lodges are never in amity with ugle? END
START judges and police officers had to disclose their freemason membership in what years in england? END
START who ended the english masonic disclosure policy in 2009? END
START justice secretary jack straw ended the masonic disclosure law on what grounds? END
START who ended the english masonic disclosure policy in 2004? END
START why did justice secretary jack straw begin the masonic closure law? END
START what democracies always view freemasonry with trust? END
START who was required to not be transparent to the public? END
START what is the basic organizational unit of freemasonry? END
START name examples of usual formal business that freemasons have at their lodge. END
START what usually happens at the conclusion of a lodge meeting? END
START what is the complex organizational unit of freemasonry? END
START what always happens at the conclusion of a lodge meeting? END
START where do freemasons meet only on special occasion? END
START what organization was not allowed to have ceremonies? END
START when does a candidate swear to fullfil his obligations as a mason? END
START what does a candidate swear on? END
START how many degrees must a mason swear to keep the secrets from outsiders? END
START are freemasons free to explore the craft? END
START when does a candidate lose ability to fulfill his obligations as a mason? END
START what does a candidate sweat on? END
START how many degrees must a mason swear to tell outsiders? END
START what are freemasons required to do for their craft? END
START what concept is based on adherence to masonic landmarks, basic membership requirements, and tenets and rituals of the craft? END
START is each definition of regularity the same throughout all masonic lodges? END
START when can a grand lodge declare another lodge as irregular? END
START what concept is not based on adherence to masonic landmarks, basic membership requirements, and tenets and rituals of the craft? END
START when can a grand lodge declare another lodge as regular? END
START what are never considered "irregular"? END
START why are landmarks for every grand lodge the same? END
START all freemasons are progressively initiated, passed, and raised in three degrees of what? END
START the initiations are part allegory and part what? END
START what is the final of the three steps of freemasonry? END
START who was the chief architect of the temple of solomon? END
START how many versions of the hiram myth are there? END
START what are all freemasons progressively initiated, passed, and raised in six degrees of? END
START what is the final of the seven steps of freemasonry? END
START who was the worst architect of the temple of solomon? END
START how many versions of the hiram flag are there? END
START what is the first step for only some freemasons? END
START the grand lodge of england is also know as what? END
START when was the grand lodge of england founded? END
START the ancient grand lodge of england was formed on what date? END
START the united grand lodge of england was formed on what date? END
START lodges that could not endorse the gle were later called what? END
START what can the grand lodge of england never be known as? END
START when did the grand lodge of england vanish? END
START what were lodges that disappeared called? END
START which lodges refused to join the new regulatory body? END
START which lodges were always in perfect harmony with one another? END
START when did north american masonic lodges recognize members of the prince hall lodge? END
START who is the prince hall lodge open to? END
START does the united grand lodge of england recognize prince hall lodges? END
START when did north american masonic lodges fire members of the prince hall lodge? END
START who is the prince hall lodge hiding? END
START what lodges are no longer recognized? END
START what grand lodges require members to be black americans? END
START when did the french try to create co-masonic lodges? END
START when did the united grand lodge of england recognize the two female masonic lodges? END
START what did the french lodges promote to try to get women accepted into the freemasons? END
START do anglo-american grand lodges accept women as members today? END
START when did russia try to create co-masonic lodges? END
START when did the united grand lodge of england forget the two female masonic lodges? END
START what did the french lodges promote to try to get men accepted into the freemasons? END
START where are women recognized as the ideal masons? END
START what english archbishop was a member of the freemasons? END
START what former archbishop of canterbury has reservations about the freemasons? END
START what year did dr. rowan williams apologize to the freemasons? END
START dr. rowan williams was also bishop of what? END
START what austrian archbishop was a member of the freemasons? END
START what former archbishop of canterbury has accolades from the freemasons? END
START what year did dr. rowan williams destroy the freemasons? END
START what was dr. rowan williams a cardinal of? END
START freemasonry was linked to scandal in italy due to what? END
START the propaganda due lodge was chartered by who? END
START when did the grande oriente d'italia charter the propaganda due lodge? END
START the propaganda due lodge was also know as what? END
START when did the grand orient d'italia expel licio gelli and revoked the charter of p2? END
START what was freemasonry linked to scandal in france due to? END
START who destroyed the propaganda due lodge? END
START when did the grande oriente d'italia remove the propaganda due lodge? END
START when did the grand orient d'italia reward licio gelli and promote the charter of p2? END
START when did the un recommend the partition plan? END
START when was the end of the british mandate set? END
START who was the executive head of the zionist organization? END
START what is the official state of israel? END
START where is israel located? END
START what's israel's financial and technology center? END
START what was the population of israel in 2016? END
START how many citizens in israel are jewish? END
START how many citizens in israel are arab? END
START israel defines itself as what? END
START where is israel's economy ranked? END
START where is israel's standard of living ranked in asia? END
START who was moses? END
START who led the israelites back into canaan during the "exodus?" END
START what does the word "israel" refer to? END
START what is the "land of israel" known as in hebrew? END
START according to the torah, god promised the land to how many people? END
START when was the first kingdom of israel established? END
START when does the first record of the name israel occurs? END
START who did the ancestors of israelites include? END
START what did canaanites prohibit? END
START when did the kingdom split? END
START what was the name of the destroyed capital? END
START who captured samaria? END
START who conquered judah? END
START how many judeans did zerubabel return to judah? END
START how many judeans did ezra lead? END
START when did the conflict between judeans and greeks erupt? END
START what was established in the maccabean revolt? END
START who dominated the society? END
START when did the jewish presence dwindle in the region? END
START who conquered the country in 628? END
START what was evolving over roman paganism? END
START who did the jewish inhabitants fight side by side with? END
START how many people were massacred when the city fell? END
START how many jews were seeking refuge? END
START when did maimonides visit jerusalem? END
START who issued a call to the jews to emigrate to the land of israel? END
START who was the founder of the ayyubid dynasty? END
START when was the jewish community strengthened by rabbis? END
START who was the 13th-century spanish rabbi and recognised leader of jewry? END
START what did nachmanides write? END
START when was control passed to the mamluk sultans of egypt? END
START what two centres of mamluk power was the country located? END
START when did the mamluk sultan baybars convert to the cave of patriarchs? END
START many jews have aspired to return to where? END
START where did some jewish communities settle after they were expelled from spain? END
START rabbi yehuda hachasid led a group of how many jews into jerusalem? END
START what was the first wave of modern jewish migration to ottoman-ruled palestine known as? END
START when did the first aliyah begin? END
START who is credited as founding political zionism? END
START when did the second aliyah begin? END
START how many jews settled into palestine? END
START the first and second wave of migrants were mainly who? END
START what is the jewish legion? END
START when did the league of nations grant britain a mandate over palestine? END
START what does haganah mean in hebrew? END
START how many jews did the third and fourth aliyahs bring to palestine? END
START when did irgun attack the british administrative headquarters? END
START what was the jewish population in palestine by the end of world war ii? END
START what country experienced conflict with the jewish community after world war ii? END
START when was the king david hotel bombing? END
START when did the british government announce it would withdraw from mandatory palestine? END
START what is the unscop? END
START when was the unscop formed? END
START what was the last to be under an international trusteeship system? END
START what four arab countries entered british mandatory palestine? END
START when was the arab-israeli war launched? END
START what were the invading arab armies aim? END
START who aided the immigration to israel? END
START the immigration was in accordance to what? END
START when did the mossad lealiyah bet disband? END
START the population of israel rose from 800,000 to what between 1948 and 1958? END
START what ideology did some immigrants believe in? END
START between 1948 and 1970, how many jewish refugees relocated to israel? END
START what were temporary camps known as? END
START how many immigrants lived in these tent cities? END
START who signed a reparations agreement with west germany? END
START when did egypt close the suez canal to israel? END
START who was israel frequently attacked by? END
START what did the war result in? END
START who refused toe recognize israel? END
START when did egypt mass it's army near the border with israel? END
START what became the administrative boundary between israel and occupied territories? END
START where was the massacre of the israeli athletes? END
START what was the resolution of the arab league? END
START what did the elo commit itself on? END
START when did the egyptian and syrian armies launch a surprise attack against israeli forces? END
START how many lives were lost? END
START who was forced to resign? END
START where did anwar el sadat make a trip to? END
START what did sadat and begin sign? END
START israel withdrew from where? END
START when did the coastal road massacre occur? END
START who secured southern lebanon? END
START where were the plo bases located? END
START when did israel annex the golan heights? END
START what is the capital of israel? END
START who provided incentives for israelis to settle in the occupied west bank? END
START when did the israeli air force destroy iraq's sole nuclear reactor? END
START why did they destroy the nuclear reactor? END
START what government inquiry held begin? END
START when did the first intifada break out? END
START how many people were killed in the violence? END
START plo supported who during the gulf war? END
START who became the prime minister in 1992? END
START when was the israel-jordan treaty of peace signed? END
START when was yitzhak rabin assassinated? END
START who led israel in the 1990s? END
START what did benjamin netanyahu sign? END
START who was elected prime minister in 1999? END
START who visited the temple mount? END
START when did ariel sharon become prime minister? END
START how many palestinian fatalities were they by 30 april 2008? END
START when did the israeli air force destroy a nuclear reactor in syria? END
START who announced its own ceasefire?  END
START how long did the operation in gaza in november last? END
START where does the jordan rift valley lie? END
START what's home to 57% of the nation's population? END
START how big is the sovereign territory of israel? END
START what river runs along the jordan rift valley? END
START what is the largest makhtesh in the world? END
START israel has the largest number of what per square meter in the basin? END
START what is the result of tectonic movements within the dead sea transform? END
START what does the tectonic disposition lead to? END
START the deficit can cause an earthquake of what magnitude to occur? END
START when did the most catastrophic earthquakes occur? END
START how many residential buildings did not meet construction standards? END
START how often do earthquakes that lead to serious loss of life occur? END
START what kind of climate does tel aviv have? END
START what kind of climate does arava have? END
START what was the highest recorded temperature in tirat zvi? END
START israel developed what? END
START what does israelis take advantage of? END
START who leads the nation in solar energy use? END
START what was israel's population in 2016? END
START how many african migrants entered israel by june 2012? END
START how many israelis live in urban areas? END
START how many israeli citizens lived in west bank settlements? END
START how many israelis lived in golan heights settlements? END
START when were israelis evacuated from gaza strip? END
START what's the homeland for jewish people? END
START approximately how many israeli jews are born in israel? END
START what percent are jewish intermarriage rates at? END
START what are the two official languages of israel? END
START how many israelis speak french? END
START how many russian immigrants arrived in israel? END
START muslims make up how much of the israel's population? END
START 2% of the population in israel are what? END
START druze makes up what percent? END
START what incorporates the western wall and the temple mount? END
START where is rachel's tomb? END
START who do not teach their faith to israelis? END
START what was israel ranked among oecd countries? END
START what did it rank in the number of academic degrees per capita? END
START who praised israel for its high quality education? END
START what is the school expectancy in israel? END
START what is the literacy rate in israel? END
START what is necessary to receive a bagrut certificate? END
START how many public universities does israel have? END
START how many private colleges does israel have? END
START what is the oldest university in israel? END
START israel operates under what kind of system? END
START how many members are in the knesset? END
START knesset member is based on what? END
START what kind of court system does israel have? END
START where is the supreme court located? END
START what is the highest tier? END
START what legal traditions does israel combine? END
START what principle is it based on? END
START what is israel's basic law? END
START the state of israel is divided into how many administrative districts? END
START what are these districts known as? END
START how many sub-districts are there? END
START how many metropolitan areas are there? END
START what metropolitan area has the largest population? END
START what is the population of beer sheva? END
START who declared the annexation of the golan heights and east jerusalem? END
START what was captured by israel in the six-day war? END
START where did israel withdraw and disband its military forces? END
START israel views east jerusalem as what? END
START what emphasises the inadmissability of the acquisition of territory by war? END
START what is the principle of normalization of relations with arab states? END
START when was the west bank annexed by jordan? END
START what was the majority of the population in the west bank? END
START what percentage of the barrier will be constructed on the green line? END
START the gaza strip was occupied by who from 1948 to 1967? END
START who occupied the gaza strip after 1967? END
START when did hamas assume it's power in the gaza strip? END
START how many countries does israel maintain diplomatic relations? END
START how many diplomatic missions do they have? END
START how many arab league members have relations with israel? END
START who were the first two countries to recognize the state of israel? END
START who regards israel as it's most reliable partner in the middle east? END
START how much did the united states provide in military assistance? END
START how much did germany pay in reparations to the israeli state? END
START what prime minister helped relations? END
START what aims at bringing eu and its neighbours closer? END
START when did turkey and israel establish full diplomatic relations? END
START who organized the flotilla? END
START when did israel and turkey's relations take a downturn? END
START when did india establish full diplomatic ties with israel? END
START who's the most pro-israel country in the world? END
START israel is the second-largest military trading partner of india after who? END
START how much does israel spend on foreign aid? END
START when was mashav established? END
START israel has a history of providing what? END
START how many delegations of idf search and rescue units between 1985 and 2015? END
START how many doctors did israel send to haiti? END
START how many patients did israeli doctors treat in japan? END
START what is the sole military wing of the israeli security forces? END
START who is the head of the idf? END
START when was the idf founded? END
START what age are most israelis drafted into the military? END
START how long do women serve in the military? END
START what citizens are exempt from military service? END
START the military relies on what? END
START what is one of the most crucial weapons in israel's military history? END
START the success of what program has made israel one of seven countries capable of launching satellites? END
START israel is widely believed to possess what? END
START what is armed with nuclear popeye turbo missiles? END
START all homes in israel are required to have a room called what? END
START what two countries have a higher defense spending to gdp ratio than israel? END
START what percentage of it's gdp was spent on defense in 1984? END
START what was israel's global peace index rank in 2015? END
START who is considered the most advanced country in southwest asia? END
START when did israel join the oecd? END
START where does israel rank in number of startup companies in the world? END
START imports to israel totaled what in 2012? END
START israeli exports reached what in 2012? END
START what are the leading exports in israel? END
START israel is a leading country of what development? END
START israel is ranked 1st in the world in what? END
START what companies built their first overseas research and development centers in israel? END
START what investor bought iscar? END
START when did united states begin to provide foreign aid to israel? END
START what was israel's debt surplus in december 2015? END
START what are the days of working in israel? END
START friday is considered what? END
START several proposals have been raised to do what? END
START israeli universities rank where in mathematics? END
START how many nobel prize-winning scientists has israel produced? END
START israel leads the world in what research papers per capita? END
START how much is israel's water technology industry worth? END
START what's the largest desalination plant in the world? END
START how much drinking water is produced by israel's desalination programs? END
START how many homes in israel use solar energy for hot water? END
START how much electricity does the country save per year? END
START when did better place shut down? END
START what coordinates with all israeli space research programs? END
START futron's space competitiveness index ranked israel what in 2012? END
START when did israel launch it's first satellite? END
START how many kilometers of paved roads does israel have? END
START how many buses have scheduled routes in israel? END
START how much cargo do railways transport per year? END
START what is the country's main hub for international air travel? END
START what is the country's oldest and largest port? END
START how many international airports are in israel? END
START what is an important industry in israel? END
START how many tourists visited israel in 2013? END
START what is the most popular tourist attraction in israel? END
START where does israel's diverse culture stem from? END
START life revolves around what in israel? END
START work and school holidays are determined by what? END
START israeli literature is primarily written in what? END
START when is the hebrew book week held? END
START what is israel's top literary reward? END
START shmuel yosef agnon shared the nobel prize with who in 1966? END
START what israel-arab satirist is internationally known? END
START who wrote the novel the secret life of saeed the pessoptimist? END
START what israeli orchestra has been in operation for more than seventy years? END
START what three internationally acclaimed musicians were born in israel? END
START who hosts its own international music festival every summer? END
START what the nation's canonical folk songs known as? END
START what became a symbol of the zionist reconstruction? END
START what's a flourishing field in israel? END
START what internationally acclaimed violin virtuoso is from israel? END
START who was awarded first prize in the all-arab oud contest in egypt in 2003? END
START who is the head of the advanced degree program in arabic music? END
START what is one of israel's most important culturural institutions? END
START what is an interactive museum on the campus of tel aviv university? END
START what is the largest art museum in the north of the country? END
START when was israeli fusion cuisine first developed? END
START kosher restaurants make up what percent of total restaurants? END
START what is pork often called in israel? END
START what styles of cooking has israeli cuisine adopted? END
START what common ingredients are in israeli cuisine? END
START schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, french fries, rice and salad are also very common where? END
START what are the most popular spectator sports in israel? END
START what is the country's premier football league? END
START what is the premier basketball league? END
START when did israel host and win the asian nations cup? END
START when did the israel national football team qualify to the fifa world cup? END
START what were the last asian games that israel participated in? END
START what's a leading sport in israel? END
START what city has become a national chess center? END
START who won the chess cup in 2009? END
START what mathematician advance greek science? END
START what period saw the rise of new comedy? END
START when was the battle of actium? END
START when did alexander the great die? END
START what period saw the rise of the septuagint? END
START dd END
START d END
START what is a common attic-based dialect? END
START where is the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START where is the greco-bactrian kingdom? END
START where is the indo-greek kingdom? END
START where is the kingdom of pergamon? END
START when was the final defeat of the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START who was the roman emporer? END
START when did the capital of the roman empire move to constantinople? END
START what term defines the influence of greek culture? END
START where did the roman empire move to in 330 ad? END
START who wrote geschichte des hellenismus? END
START what does geschichte des hellenismus mean? END
START who wrote culture and anarchy? END
START what century did hellenistic become a concept? END
START in culture and anarchy, hebraism is contrasted with what? END
START how much of the conquered world was affected by greek influences? END
START how often did greek population and natives mix? END
START what term implies that greek populations were a majority in the regions they settled? END
START what is the earliest, most credible source of the hellenistic period? END
START where was polybius from? END
START where was polybius forced to go as hostage? END
START what years do polybius books cover? END
START what league was polybius a statesman? END
START when did diodorus siculus write bibliotheca historica? END
START what battle marks the end of diodorus siculus' work? END
START who wrote parallel lives? END
START where was apprian from? END
START which writer outlined the history of important hellenistic figures? END
START when was the peloponnesian war? END
START what hegemoney replaced sparta after the battle of leuctra? END
START when was the battle of leuctra? END
START when was the battle of mantinea? END
START which king lend the rise of macedon? END
START when did king philip the ii annex thessaly and magnesia? END
START who annexed thessaly and magnesia? END
START when was the battle of chaeronea? END
START who formed the league of corinth? END
START who was philip ii planning a campaign against when he was assasinated? END
START who was philip arrhidaues' half brother? END
START who was the leading calvary commander? END
START who order the death of meleager? END
START what city was partitioned to the generals who supported perdiccas? END
START who documented that perdiccas' was under suspicion?  END
START who did diadochi plan to marry? END
START who was alexander's sister? END
START who was the leader in asia minor? END
START along with antipater and craterus, antigonus i monophthalmus invaded which region? END
START peithon, seleucus, and antigenes murdered whom? END
START when did antipater die? END
START who did antipater declar as his successor? END
START when did cassander invade macedonia? END
START who ordered eumenes' execution? END
START who sentenced olympias to death? END
START how many talents did diadochi steal from ectabana, persepolis and susa? END
START who defeated demetrius poliorcetes? END
START when was the battle of gaza? END
START who ordered the death of king alexander iv? END
START what year did the argead dynasty end? END
START which son did antigonus send to regain control of greece? END
START when did demetrius take control of athens? END
START who bestowed the title of king to demetrius poliorcetes? END
START what battle did demetrius poliorcetes defeat the fleet of ptolemy? END
START what region was fought over in the battle of salamis? END
START who saved lysimachus in phrygia? END
START who lost in the battle of ipsus? END
START when was the battle of ipsus? END
START after antigonus was killed, what region did seleucus take over? END
START after antigonus was killed, what region did ptolemy take over? END
START when did cassander die? END
START when did demetrius seize the macedonian throne? END
START who captured demetrius? END
START what year was seleucus killed? END
START at what battle was seleucus killed ? END
START what was the capital of the ptolemaic egypt? END
START what was the capital of seleucid syria? END
START alexander and antioch were centers of what culture? END
START what leaders conquests widened the horizons of the greek world? END
START what particular demographic emigrated to the new greek empires? END
START when was the lamian war? END
START when did demetrius poliorcetes capture athens? END
START who was demetrius poliorcetes' father? END
START athens allied with what region to eliminate macedonian rule? END
START when was the chremonidean war? END
START what years did cleomenes iii rule? END
START in 222 bce, sparta lost what battle? END
START who was defeated at the battle of sellasia? END
START what was sparta's afilliation in the peloponnese? END
START when was the aetolian league formed? END
START when was the achaean league formed? END
START byzantium, chalcedon, heraclea pontica and tium formed what league? END
START what system delegates military and foreign affairs to the central government and local affairs to the city states? END
START what league freed corinth? END
START what did rhodians build to commemorate their victory over demetrius poliorcetes? END
START what period did rhodes prosper? END
START what military force helped rhodes maintain their independence? END
START what years were rhodes under attack by demetrius poliorcetes? END
START what war did antigonus ii fight athenians? END
START what mines decreased in production under the antigonids? END
START how large was the macedonian army under the antigonids? END
START who taught antigonus ii? END
START who did antigonus ii defend against? END
START when did doson die? END
START who took control when doson died? END
START which ruler had the last, best chance of uniting greece? END
START what was philip v known as? END
START when was the peace of naupactus? END
START when did philip form and alliance with hannibal of carthage? END
START when did the first macedonian war begin? END
START when did the first macedonian war end? END
START how did the first macedonian war end? END
START who defeated philip? END
START what years did queen teutra reign? END
START from where did illyrians import there weapons and armor? END
START what type or ornamentation was featured on the illyrians shilds and war belts? END
START what tribes inhabited the balkan coast? END
START what tribe covered most of the republic of macedonia? END
START what region was the center of the odrysian kingdom? END
START who used thracians and agrianes as light cavalry? END
START what fraction of alexander's army was made up of thracians and agrianes? END
START what language was spoken by the odrysians? END
START which kings wre among the first to be hellenized? END
START what was southern italy refered to as? END
START southern italy and south-eastern sicily were colonized by the greeks in what century? END
START who was the leading figure in sicily during the hellenistic period? END
START in 310 agathocles invaded tunisia and defeated what army? END
START in defense of tarentum, when did agathocles attack italy? END
START what was the first greek colony in the mediterranean? END
START how many inhabitants were in massalia? END
START who controlled nice and agde? END
START massalia was the center of education according to whom? END
START when did massalia side with pompey? END
START who ran the hellenistic states of asia and egypt? END
START where did hellenistic monarchs put most of the tax revenues? END
START who handed out gifts in the promotion of greek culture and religion? END
START what type of estates did hellenistic monarchs run their kingdoms? END
START who were the small core in the hellenistic states of asia and egypt? END
START who was appointed satrap of egypt after alexander's death? END
START when did alexander die and ptolemy assume his position? END
START when did ptolemy declare himself king ptolemy i? END
START what nickname did rhodians give ptolemy? END
START where did ptolemy settle his most of his veterans? END
START whose tradition did ptolemy take on as leader of egypt? END
START what god did ptolemy i create? END
START cyprus and cyrene were run by whom? END
START by using a central government that taxes heavily, ptolemy ran his country akin to which bureaucracy? END
START apis and osiris combined to make which god? END
START the syrian was were fought between ptolemy ii and whom? END
START what region was fought for during the syrian wars? END
START who won the great battle of raphia? END
START when was the great battle of raphia? END
START who did ptolemy iv defeat in the great battle of raphia? END
START till what year did ptolemy's family rule egypt? END
START all the male rulers of egypt took what name during the ptolemy dynasty? END
START cleopatra, arsinoe or berenice were common names for whom? END
START who was the last and most famous queen of the ptolemy dynasty? END
START how did cleoptra die? END
START after alexander's empire was split, what region did seleucus i nicator receive? END
START pergamum was led by whom when they defeated a seleucid army? END
START who defied his father seleucus i, and set up a religous cult? END
START what was the name of seleucus ii brother, whom he fought in civil war? END
START who ultimately defeated seleucid anatolia? END
START the seleucid empire was mostly dominated by whom? END
START what are seleucid garrisons called? END
START what are seleucid military colonies called? END
START who defeated antiochus iii at raphia? END
START what year did ptolemy iv die? END
START which officer took control of pergamum in 282 bc? END
START who did philetaerus declare himself loyal to? END
START attalus i was a strong ally of rome and which ruler? END
START where was the library of pergamum located? END
START what depicts the gigantomachy on the acropolis of the city? END
START where did the celts who settled in galatia pass through? END
START what battle did the celts lose to seleucus i? END
START what famous statue signified the victory of the greeks over a worthy enemy? END
START what century did the galatians become allies of antiochus the great? END
START who sent gnaeus manlius vulso on an expedition against the galatians? END
START who were a thracian people living in northwest anatolia? END
START king bas defeated which general of alexander? END
START who assumed the title of king from bas? END
START when did zipoetes i assume the role of king? END
START who founded nicomedia? END
START who married stratonice? END
START when did stratonice marry ariarathes iii? END
START who was stratonice's father? END
START cappadocia began it's realtionship with rome under whom? END
START what year was ariarathes v defeated? END
START what kingdom was hellenistic and on the southern coast of the black sea? END
START who founded the kingdom of pontus? END
START when was the kingdom of pontus founded? END
START when was the kingdom of pontus taken over by the roman republic? END
START what was the official language of the kingdom of pontus during the reign of mithridates vi eupator? END
START who ruled when the kingdom of pontus' was at it's biggest? END
START who called themselves king mithridates eupator dionysus? END
START what hairstyle did mithridates iv copy from alexander? END
START who did the macedoniankings claim mithridates iv descended from? END
START pontus was defeated in what wars? END
START orontid armenia was given to alexander the great after he took control of what area? END
START who did alexander apoint to govern armenia? END
START armenia became a vassal state of what empire? END
START what year did armenia split into greater armenia and armenia sophene? END
START who attacked armenia when they became too distant from seleucid rule? END
START when did the seleucid defeat the battle of magnesia? END
START who was the first king of artaxiad dynasty of armenia? END
START artaxian coins called some armenian kings what? END
START what years did tigranes the great reign? END
START which tigranes successor composed greek tragedies? END
START when did andragoras proclaim his independence? END
START when did andragoras' reign end? END
START who killed andragoras? END
START what tribe was arsaces the leader of? END
START when did antiochus iii regain territory from arsaces ii? END
START the seleucids invaded mesopotamia under whose guidance? END
START who was antiochus vii sidetes killed by which army? END
START what years were the roman–parthian wars? END
START what was the currency in the parthian empire? END
START the parthian empire worshipped greek gods and what other cultures deities? END
START what arab state lied between the sinai peninsula and the arabian peninsula? END
START what was the capital of the nabatean kingdom? END
START who allied with the nabatean kingdom to fight against the seleucids? END
START under whose reign did nabatean culture begin to show greek influence? END
START what century did aretas iii philhellene reign? END
START what are was in between the seleucid empire and ptolemaic egypt during hellenistic times? END
START judea was ruled by whom during the hellenistic period? END
START what religion rose in judea durring the hellenistic period? END
START hellenistic judaism was developed in alexandria and what other region? END
START what was the jewish elite class called? END
START judea was brought into the seleucid empire by which leader? END
START when did jerusalem fall to antiochus iii? END
START what victorious uprising is celebrated in the jewish festival hanukkah? END
START what years were the maccabean revolt of judas maccabeus? END
START what independent kingdom was formed out of the maccabean revolt of judas maccabeus? END
START what years did the hasmonaean dynasty exist? END
START who was the last hasmonean ruler? END
START who was antigonus ii mattathias captured by? END
START when was antigonus ii mattathias executed? END
START bactria was led by what king from 255-246 bce? END
START when was diodotus ii overthrown? END
START what leader overthrew diodotus ii? END
START the greco-bactrian kingdom was invaded by what seleucid leader? END
START antiochus iii married his daughter off to whose son? END
START who stated that the greco-bactrians had connections through the silk road? END
START when did demetrius, son of euthydemus invade north-western india? END
START whose death signifies the beginning of confusing documentation of greco-bactrian history? END
START who was the last greek to clearly rule bactria? END
START who was the first indo-greek king who did not rule from bactria? END
START who succeeded or ruled alongside apollodotus i? END
START who succeeded antimachus ii? END
START what religion did menander i convert to? END
START what was menander i refered to by in buddhist texts? END
START when did menander die? END
START what kingdom forced the indo-greek kingdom to the east? END
START around 70 bc, arachosia and what other region where taken over by tribal invasion? END
START i couldn't could up with another question. but i need to fill this space because i can't submit the hit.  END
START what does "sarvajnaa yavanaa" mean? END
START who said "the yavanas, o king, are all-knowing; the suras are particularly so."? END
START who wrote the brihat-samhita? END
START who said "the mlecchas are wedded to the creations of their own fancy." END
START who said "the greeks, though impure, must be honored since they were trained in sciences and therein, excelled others...." END
START what period was hellenistic culture at it's height? END
START even though some regions were not ruled by greeks, they still were influenced by which culture? END
START hellenism or philhellenism reached the frontiers of what kingdom? END
START before hellenestic influence, greek colonies were on the shores of the taman and what other peninsula? END
START what kingdom under the spartocid dynasty consisted of maeotians, thracians, crimean scythians and cimmerians? END
START which scythian people with the bosporans have strong trade contacts with? END
START from whom did the scythians of central asia discover hellenistic culture? END
START hellenized scythians were known as? END
START what did the greeks call bahrain? END
START where was the central point of pearl trading? END
START which of alexanders commanders were the first to visit bahrain? END
START alexander planned to colonized the eastern bank of the persian gulf with what ethnicity of colonist? END
START tylos worshipped zeus in the form of what arabian sun-god? END
START carthage was on the coast of what country? END
START what hellenistic practices heavily influenced carthaginian culture? END
START who reformed the military in carthage in 550 bce? END
START what greek style was the core of carthage's military? END
START what spartan mercenary helped reform carthage's military? END
START rome dominated what peninsula? END
START greek cities were absorbed by what republic? END
START rome fought against the carthaginians in what war? END
START sicily was won by whom in the first punic war? END
START illyrian pirates caused two wars in the balkans with what empire? END
START what king of macedon aided the pirate demetrius of pharos? END
START hannibal defeated whom at the battle of cannae? END
START when was the battle of cannae? END
START in what war was the battle of cannae? END
START in what region did the romans aim to re-bolster the influence after the second punic war? END
START whose refusal to end wars with attalid pergamum and rhodes led to the second macedonian war? END
START what year did the second macedonian war begin? END
START what battle signaled the end to the second macedonian war? END
START what empire won the second macedonian war? END
START antiochus iii allied with what king in 203 bc? END
START who defeated ptolemy? END
START in what war was ptolemy defeated? END
START what war bgean when antiochus iii invaded greece? END
START what years did the roman-syrian war take place? END
START what was the name of philip v's son who wanted to bring back greek independence? END
START perseus fought the romans in what war? END
START when was macedonia annexed by the romans? END
START which roman consul defeated the greeks at corinth? END
START when did the greek peninsula become a roman protectorate? END
START who was the final king of the attalid dynasty? END
START when did attalus iii die? END
START who willed pergamum to the roman republic? END
START in what year was the final greek resistance? END
START who led the final greek resistance? END
START who tried to invade egypt in the famous line-in-the-sand incident? END
START which roman proconsul ablished the seleucid rump state? END
START who was the last ptolemaic monarch? END
START at what battle was mark anthony defeated? END
START what region did augustus take on as his personal fiefdom? END
START who is most responsible for the preservation of hellenistic culture? END
START what museum and ilbrary was the center of hellenistic culture conservation? END
START where did most of the great literary figures of the hellenistic period study? END
START which city held the most prestigious seat of higher education? END
START what library was estimated to have 700,000 volumes? END
START which city became a major center of book production? END
START what island has a famous finishing school for diplomacy and politics? END
START what replaced babylon as the metropolis of the lower tigris? END
START philip ii and alexander's court army spoke a version of what language? END
START attic greek developed into what lingua franca? END
START ai-khanoum was situated on what kind of routes? END
START the practice of identifying local gods with greek deities is called what? END
START who wrote the story of crassus? END
START crassus' head is used a prop in what performance? END
START a 35 row theater at the edge of bactria was found in what region? END
START who led hellenization practices by founding new greek cities and colonies? END
START susa weddings were an example of how alexander mixed greek culture with what other culture? END
START who bitterly resented alexander's pragmatic approach of selecting his military? END
START alexander suffered from what mental disorder? END
START native populations in the hellenistic world were discriminated by what peoples? END
START hellinistic gymnasiums could only be used by whom? END
START what are the areas of concentration from where greek culture eminates? END
START what percent of the seleucid empire were comprised of native elites? END
START menander converted to what religion? END
START egyptianized greeks in the ptolemaic kingdom started to exist by which century? END
START greeks adopted what from local cultures? END
START a colonist far from the mediterranean and low in social rank would be more likely to do what? END
START greco-macedonian elites remained commited to what culture? END
START who did greeks look down upon? END
START who was the first ptolemaic ruler to learn the egyptian language? END
START what egyptian god was worshipped in athens? END
START zeus was paired with which local god? END
START aphrodite was paired with which local god? END
START isis was paired with what local god? END
START what practice did the ptolemies adopt in which they dubbed themselves god-kings? END
START what theism is practice of putting your self on the level of gods? END
START a long lived cult in erythrae worshiped which dead leader? END
START where was alexander's tomb located? END
START the hellinistic age marked the rise in what type of religion? END
START who declared the centrality of humanity and agnosticism? END
START what is the view "that the gods were simply ancient kings and heroes" called? END
START who thought that gods were distant and uninterested? END
START rulers brought the concept of divinity to where? END
START how would people ward off misfortune in hellenistic times? END
START what is the complex system based on the sun, moon, and planets movements that determine your personality? END
START astrology was associated with which cult? END
START what does tyche mean? END
START what was the trajectory of astrology during hellenistic times? END
START menander is one of the few remaining pieces of what time of liteary work? END
START what is the only play that remains in it's entirety from the new comedy era? END
START what is the name of the collection that holds fragments of works from 150 authors? END
START what two years are debated as the date in which menander was born? END
START who did hellenistic poets wish to court? END
START who wrote hymns equating ptolemy ii to zeus and apollo? END
START who said "big book, big evil"? END
START what was the name of callimachus' catalog at the library of alexandria? END
START who wrote argonautica? END
START what city remained the center of philosophical thought? END
START what does ataraxia mean? END
START what does autarky mean? END
START what does apatheia mean? END
START who promoted freedom from pain as the ultimate goal? END
START who said social norms and material possesions were unnatural and useless? END
START which group embraced hedonism? END
START who founded stoicism? END
START who rejected academic skepticism in favor of neoplatonism? END
START the royal patrons of alexander's successors supported what type of science? END
START what city was especially important to hellinistic science? END
START what century did alexandria become scientific research hub? END
START when did archimedes die? END
START when was euclid born? END
START who worked on the five platonic solids? END
START who measured the circumference of the earth? END
START who was the father of geomtery? END
START when was hipparchus born? END
START hipparchus measured the precession of what? END
START who stated that hipparchus created the first systematic star map? END
START hipparchus' star may be depicted in a statue called what? END
START whch astronomer developed a heliocentric system? END
START what is the name of the 37 gear computer which noted the motions of the sun and moon? END
START until what century were similar devices like the antikythera mechanism found? END
START what persian scholar noted the 10th century calculator similar to the antikythera mechanism? END
START what range of years is the antikythera mechanism thought to have been created? END
START who theorized that blood traveled through the veins? END
START who was the first to finalize his conclusions with dissections of cadevers? END
START which school of medicine was based on strict observation? END
START who was the first to provide accurate descriptions of the nervous system? END
START philip ii used a dense military formation called what? END
START were hellenistic armies smaller or larger than traditional greek armies? END
START the thorakitai used what type of oval shield? END
START from whom did seleucus receive war elephants? END
START what kind of elephant did the ptolemies use? END
START what was the largest ship constructed in antiquity? END
START who invented the polybolos? END
START what type of weapon is the polybolos? END
START who heavy was the helepolis siege tower? END
START how long was demetrius poliorcetes siege of rhodes? END
START emotion is called what in hellenistic art? END
START character is called what in hellenistic art? END
START who is the artist that drew grapes so lifelike, birds flew up and pecked at them? END
START the ideals of hellenistic art are sensuality and what? END
START what painting epitomized the female nude? END
START which artist chose mundane and low class subjects? END
START which barbarians were depicted in heroic form? END
START all of the diadochi painted themselves to look like what leader? END
START venus de milo belongs to which period? END
START which greek painter experimented in chiaroscuro? END
START were greek temples built in the hellenistic period larger or smaller than classical temples? END
START who rebuilt the apollo at didyma in 300 bce? END
START what is a greek royal palace called? END
START what is the first example of hellenistic period royal palace? END
START who said "then art dissapeared"? END
START the discovery of what tombs raised the profile of hellenistic art? END
START hellenistic art is describe as decadent mainly due to it following which style  period? END
START what century do the terms baroque and rococo come from? END
START what century of scholars considered the hellenistic period a decline in culture from classic greece? END
START how did 19th century scholars view the hellenistic period? END
START the viewpoint that the hellenistic period represented a decline in culture was proven to be meaningless and what? END
START who focused on the issue of racial and cultural confrontation? END
START which organization did michael rostovtzeff flee from? END
START who studied the problem mutual understanding between races in conquered areas? END
START frank william walbank mainly focused on which relations in his depictions of hellinistic culture? END
START whish hellinistic historian focused primarely on the economic system? END
START what is the largest private foundation in the world? END
START where is the bill and melinda gates foundation based?  END
START what is the largest private foundation in america? END
START where is the susan-desmond hellmann foundation based? END
START what are the names of the trustees for the foundation based in america? END
START what are the primary goals of the foundation in seattle? END
START what does the principal officer melinda gates control? END
START what was warren buffett's estimated net worth in 2008  END
START how many shares of berkshire hathway was pledged as a donation  END
START in 2013 buffett announced another donation to the foundation for how much  END
START what was warren buffet's net worth in 2013? END
START how many shares did bill gates pledge to donate? END
START what did melinda gates set so the contributions work as a matching contribution? END
START what must bill and melinda earmark shares to qualify for? END
START in 2013 buffet donated what amount to class b? END
START what did the foundation announce in november 2014 END
START what does the oa policy for publications and data do ? END
START what does the oa policy cover ? END
START in what year did bill and melinda gates adopt open access policy for capacity building and knowledge sharing? END
START what does the new agreement policy cover? END
START what does the oa policy for data sets do? END
START what is the most applauded among similar policies? END
START when is the publication and data policy effective for new agreements? END
START what two entities was the foundation divided into  END
START what does the foundation entity focus on END
START what does the trust entity focus on  END
START what is held in the trust entity  END
START what two sections was the trust divided into? END
START what is the trust based in seattle have as its focus? END
START what does the trust do with warren buffett's assets? END
START what did warren buffett divide the foundation into? END
START how does the foundation manage investment assets and achieve charitable goals? END
START what does the trust invest END
START what is the goal of the trust investments  END
START what are some of the negatives of the investments  END
START what type of company's are  critiscized END
START as a result of the critics what did the company announce  END
START what is the exclusive goal of the developing world trust? END
START what does the company invest? END
START when did the company decide to review its lack of sales in the developing world? END
START what policy did the company cancel after 2007? END
START what did the foundation announce in march 2006  END
START what is the international justice mission END
START what would the grant allow the ijm to do  END
START what did the office that ijm opened do specifically  END
START how much was the grant for the ijm for working in the area of training law enforcement? END
START what is the name of the undercover investigation organization based in washington dc? END
START what will the foundation office use the grant for? END
START what does the area of the foundation organization have high rates of? END
START where is the ijm as a law enforcement organization based? END
START what was the name of the project founded by the ijm  END
START where did project lantern open an office  END
START what did project lantern announce in 2010 END
START what services were also increased by project lantern END
START what was project lantern exploring  END
START what was the name of the project founded in the philippines? END
START what kinds of service increases has the project ijm led to? END
START what did project lantern want to replicate? END
START what was the ijm committed to resolving as a result of project lantern? END
START what city was chosen by trafficking survivors to found project lantern? END
START what was the wsh program launched in 2005 END
START when did the wsh become a full fledeged program END
START what efforts have the wsh taken  END
START what did the foundation decide in 2009  END
START why did the foundation make the switch  END
START what year was the global development division program launched? END
START what efforts has the global development division taken in the wash sector? END
START how did the wash believe it could make a difference in sanitation? END
START why is the global development division focused on sanitation for the poor? END
START in 2005 what did the foundation focus its wash effort on? END
START what did the foundation announce in 2011 END
START what is the purpose of the new overview END
START what has been the focus since 2011 END
START what models have been delivered END
START what did the transformative technologies announce in 2011? END
START what is the purpose of funding the new technology? END
START what advocacy policies have been delivered? END
START where is communication lowest in the region? END
START what year has the grant making focus been on funding? END
START what is need in the developing world  END
START what does data collected by unicef and who show END
START how many people have no sanatation facilities END
START what country is the worst violator END
START india is host to what activity END
START what is needed for the who? END
START what country has been the focus of the foundation's monitoring activities? END
START what program monitors progress toward improved sanitation? END
START how many people are monitored under the jmp? END
START what fair took place that was hosted by the who? END
START when was reinvent the toilet launched  END
START what is the aim of reinvent the toilet  END
START what program compliment reinvent the toilet  END
START what was excluded by the funding schemes  END
START in 2011 what program was launched by grand challenges exploration? END
START what program generated interest by grand challenges explorations? END
START what did both innovations exclude? END
START what program complimented innovations in toilet design? END
START what was the aim of grand challenges explorations? END
START what countries have received grants  END
START how much were the grants for  END
START what did many investigate  END
START what did the reinvent the toilet challenge investigate? END
START what off-site treatment solutions received grants? END
START after receiving 1-3 million for the first phase how much were the grants for the second phase? END
START how many teams received grants to help universities? END
START since the launch of investigating resource recovery what did the grants develop? END
START what is reinvent the toilet trying to develop END
START what compliments the challenge  END
START what does the omni processor do END
START what does reinvent the toilet challenge convert into beneficial products? END
START what does the stand alone toilet do to develop local business and revenue? END
START what compliments the research and development effort to develop a hygenic toilet? END
START what does another investment program use to convert sludge? END
START what is another investment program trying to develop? END
START the foundation has donated billions to sufferers of  END
START how many children were protected from death  END
START what are some consequences of the investments  END
START what has the focus on a few diseases caused  END
START vaccinations programs encouraged what  END
START what has the los angeles times donated billions for? END
START what has the focus on allocation of aid shortchanged in africa? END
START what have higher-paid clinicians instructed caregivers to ignore? END
START how did discussing ailments add to the doctor shortage? END
START what did the gates-funded aids program want to ignore? END
START what did the foundation decide not to fund END
START why did they decide not to fund abortion END
START before 2013 the foundation gave how how much to planned parenthood END
START who decided not to fund basic family planning? END
START in 2013 what debate did bill gates say is in the way of family planning? END
START how much did bill & melinda gates donate for family planning up to 2013? END
START what affiliated organization is the primary us abortion provider? END
START what issue did bill gates say he struggled with in 2014? END
START what is the us libraries initiative  END
START how much of the worlds population can reach the internet END
START what have the grants provided public libraries END
START what has the grant enabled  END
START how much of the world's population has access to libraries? END
START what has the library given to increase access and knowledge? END
START what is the digital age initiative? END
START what has reaching the internet enabled? END
START what has the world's population installed? END
START what is a key aspect of the gates foundation in the us END
START what do these efforts include END
START how much did it spend in 2009 END
START it was an early backer of what  END
START how much did teachers' unions spend on education in 2009? END
START what is a key aspect of the common core state standards u.s. efforts? END
START what group has donated to the two largest national charter schools? END
START what did the gates foundation spend on support for teacher evaluations in 2009? END
START what were teachers' unions the biggest early backer of? END
START what is 1 foundation goal  END
START one way to increase college graduation by the foundation is  END
START how did they work on college financing  END
START what has the united states tried to do to increase the number of college graduates? END
START what is the goal of think tanks to lower poverty in the united states? END
START what groups will produce grants for changing the financial aid system? END
START what did the foundation fund to change the poverty rate? END
START what does the foundation want to lower by changing financial aid? END
START what has been funded as part of the education initiatives END
START what do the millions in grants given to news agencies do  END
START critics don't like the foundations use of media why  END
START where does the foundation list grants  END
START who founded teach plus  END
START what have journalists accused teach plus of? END
START why have governments feared the foundation? END
START what has been funded as part of the news-related initiatives? END
START where does the foundation list grantees? END
START who founded the education writers association? END
START why were the gates foundation educational reforms critcized END
START what are several of the gates backed policies  END
START have the policies been criticized  END
START what does 1 specific study of charter schools show  END
START what do stanford studies find that policies don't improve? END
START who has criticized charter school reform programs? END
START why were the scientific educational reforms criticized? END
START which scientific studies have been expensive and disruptive? END
START what have predetermined policy preferences shown about charter schools? END
START what two entities was the foundation split into in october 2016 END
START when must the trust resources be spent END
START what does warren buffet stipulate his berkshire hathaway  shares be used for in the 10 year period after his death  END
START when must shares be spent for the foundation? END
START when do bill and melinda gates say berkshire hathaway shares are to be spent? END
START in 2006 how was berkshire hathaway split? END
START how long after the estate has been settled will the bill and melinda gates foundation shares be used for philanthropy? END
START what does berkshire hathaway manage as part of the foundation trust? END
START what is montevideo classified as? END
START what rank did montevideo hold in latin america during 2013? END
START montevideo is the hub of commerce and higher education in what area? END
START montevideo is the chief port of what area? END
START what is the population of montevideo? END
START who organized the spanish expedition? END
START what date did the spanish force the portuguese to abandon the location? END
START who was one significant early italian resident?  END
START what became the main city of the region north of the rio de la plata? END
START what were buenos aires and montevideo fighting for dominance over? END
START the importance of montevideo as the main port of the viceroyalty of the rio de la plata brought confrontations with what city? END
START when did british troops occupy the city of montevideo? END
START when did the spanish recapture the city of montevideo? END
START who was forced to surrender to troops formed by forces of the banda oriental?  END
START who replaced liniers? END
START after the revolution of 1810 there was a subsequent uprising of what provinces?  END
START where did the spanish colonial government move to after the uprising of the provinces of rio de la plata? END
START who was the uruguayan revolutionary that united with others from buenos aires? END
START what year was the spanish governor expelled? END
START what year did portugal invade the recently liberated territory? END
START what was juan antonio lavalleja's band caled?  END
START what year was uruguay consolidated as an independent state? END
START manuel oribe and fructuoso rivera fought against what empire? END
START manuel oribe and fructuoso rivera fought under whose command? END
START who represented oribe's blancos? END
START who represented rivera's colorados? END
START what did montevideo suffer between 1843 and 1851? END
START how did the british and french supply the city of montevideo?? END
START what year did the colorados defeat oribe? END
START what year was a stagecoach bus line established in montevideo? END
START between what years were the first natural gas street lights constructed? END
START what year was the teatro solis inaugurated?  END
START what year was an underwater telegraph line made that connected montevideo with buenos aires? END
START what year did compania de tranvias al paso del molino y cerro creat the first lines connecting montevideo with union? END
START what year was mercado del puerto inaugurated?  END
START what year was the first railway line of the company ferrocarril central del uruguay inaugurated?  END
START what year was bulevar circunvalcion constructed?  END
START when were the first telephone lines installed? END
START when did electric street lights replace the gas operated lights? END
START when did the hipodromo de maronas start operating? END
START when was the central railway station of montevideo inaugurated?  END
START what century did many europeans immigrate to the city of montevideo? END
START in 1908 what percent of the city's population was foreign-born? END
START the rodo park and the estadio gran parque central serves as poles of what? END
START who was the admiral of the german pocket ship? END
START where did the famous incident involving the german pocket battleship take place in? END
START when year did the battle of the river plate take place? END
START montevideo is situated on the north shore of what? END
START what river forms a natural border between montevideo and san jose department? END
START what does the bay of montevideo form? END
START the city of montevideo has an average elevation of what? END
START how far is to the neighboring capitol of san jose de mayo? END
START how far is to the neighboring capitol of canelones? END
START the municipality of montevideo was first created by a legal act of what? END
START who was the municipality's first mayor? END
START municipalities were abolished by what? END
START how many political municipalities has the city of montevideo been divided into as of 2010? END
START what is the head of each municipio called? END
START who elects the mayor of the political municipalities?  END
START what had many of the city's barrios previously been? END
START what is a neighborhood of great significance?  END
START what surrounded the neighborhood of ciudad vieja? END
START how many inhabitants did montevideo have in 1860? END
START what happened to the population by the year 1880? END
START the population quadrupled by 1880 due mainly to what? END
START what had the population grown to in 1908? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was montevideo's population? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was uruguay's population? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was montevideo's female population? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was montevideo's male population? END
START what is the economic and political centre of the country? END
START what year was the world trade center montevideo constructed? END
START what year was the telecommunications tower constructed? END
START what kind of company does ancap run? END
START what kind of company does antel run? END
START what has traditionally been the strongest service export sectors in uruguay? END
START uruguay was once dubbed as what? END
START what is the largest bank in uruguay?  END
START where is banco republica based in? END
START what accounts for much of uruguay's economy? END
START where is tourism in montevideo centered in? END
START plaza independencia constitutes one end of what? END
START how many guest rooms does the sheraton have? END
START how many suites does the sheraton have? END
START how many rooms does the radisson montevideo have? END
START what is the heartland of retailing in uruguay? END
START what city has become the centre of business and real estate?  END
START what year was montevideo shopping  built? END
START what style of building is the montevideo metropolitan cathedral?  END
START what style of building is the world trade center montevideo?  END
START what is the tallest skyscraper in the country? END
START what district has many homes built by bello and reboratti? END
START between what years did bello and reboratti built most of the homes in the pocitos district?  END
START who designed the edificio panamericano? END
START what types of apartment buildings were constructed during the boom of the 1970's and 1980's? END
START when did world trade center montevideo officially open? END
START what was the first building to be inaugurated?  END
START when was world trade center 2 inaugurated? END
START when was world trade center 3 inaugurated? END
START what was intended to be a platform for the development of business activities? END
START the square contains a sculpture by what renowned uruguayan sculptor?  END
START how much space is world trade center 4 projected to have? END
START what is uruguay's oldest theater?  END
START when was the solis theater built? END
START who owns the solis theater? END
START what year did the government of montevideo start a major reconstruction of the solis  theater? END
START what year was the reconstruction of the solis theater completed? END
START who designed the palacio salvo? END
START what year was the palacio salvo completed?  END
START how high does the palacio salvo stand? END
START what is also a major note in ciudad vieja? END
START what is the cabildo? END
START what is the burial place of fructuoso rivera? END
START where is the equestrian statue of bruno mauricio de zabala located?  END
START what major public central park is located south of avenida italia?  END
START how many former districts does the current barrio of parque battle include?  END
START what sub district of parque batlle took its name from the original villa of don alejo rossell y rius? END
START parque batlle is named in honor of who? END
START jose batile y ordonez was president of where?  END
START between what years was jose batlle y ordonez president of uruguay?  END
START parque batlle was originally proposed by what? END
START parque rodo belongs to who? END
START what does the name "rodo" commemorate?  END
START who was an important uruguayan writer that is commemorated by parque rodo?  END
START parque rodo was originally conceived as what? END
START what is on the east side of the park? END
START what takes part on the east side of the main park every sunday? END
START what side has an artificial lake with a little castle? END
START what does the little castle on the north side of the park house? END
START who planned the first set of subsidiary forts? END
START when were the first set of subsidiary forts planned? END
START the subsidiary forts were established to stop what? END
START where were the spaniards emanating from? END
START what overlooks the bay of montevideo? END
START what replaced the observation post in 1802? END
START when did construction of the fortress begin? END
START when did construction of the fortress finish? END
START what avenue goes along the entire coastline of montevideo? END
START avenue or watercourse is the literal meaning of what spanish word? END
START in the americas rambla is mostly used to refer to what? END
START what is the largest cemetery? END
START where is the central cemetery located? END
START what year was the central cemetery founded? END
START where is the british cemetery montevideo located? END
START who purchased a plot of land in the name of the english residents? END
START when did mr. thomas samuel hood purchase a plot of land at the british cemetery montevideo?  END
START when did the government compensate the british by moving the cemetery to buceo? END
START what unique form of dance originated in the neighbourhods of montevideo? END
START tango, candombe and murga are three main styles of what? END
START how many movie theater companies are there in montevideo? END
START what is the most prominent theater in uruguay? END
START who gave the initial donation of the private library? END
START when did father jose manuel perez castellano die? END
START who was the promoter, director and organizer of the first public library in montevideo? END
START tango, milonga and vals criollo are the most popular forms of music in what region? END
START when was fun fun bar established? END
START where is el farolito located? END
START what suffered when the military junta took over power in uruguay? END
START rimer cardillo was one of the country's leading what? END
START who made the national institute of fine arts? END
START what was the seat of government during the colonial times of the viceroyalty of the rio de la plata? END
START where is the montevideo cabildo located? END
START between what years was the montevideo cabildo built? END
START what style was the montevideo cabildo? END
START when did the montevideo cabildo become a national heritage site? END
START where is the palacio taranco located? END
START when was the palacio taranco erected? END
START the palacio taranco was erected to be the residence for whom? END
START who designed the palacio taranco? END
START the national history museum of montevideo is located where? END
START what houses the museo romantico? END
START how many houses has the historical museum annexed? END
START the museo torres garcia is located where? END
START the museo torres garcia exhibits whose unusual portraits?  END
START who established the museo torres garcia? END
START manolita pina torres was the widow of who? END
START where is the national museum of visual arts located? END
START what does the national museum of visual arts have the largest collection of in uruguay? END
START when was the juan manuel blanes museum founded? END
START who painted uruguayan patriotic themes? END
START where is the museo de historia del arte located? END
START where is the museo de guacho y de la moneda located? END
START what are bombillas? END
START where is the museo naval located? END
START where is the museo y parque fernando garcia located? END
START what is the center of traditional uruguayan food and beverage in montevideo? END
START what is a torta frita? END
START where is arcadia located? END
START where is shannon irish pub located? END
START what is the major annual festival in montevideo? END
START what is the annual montevideo carnaval part of? END
START what does tablados mean? END
START what does desfile de las llamadas mean? END
START church and state have been officially separated in uruguay since what year? END
START what religion has the most followers in montevideo? END
START when was the roman catholic archdiocese of montevideo created? END
START what does nuestra senora del sagrado corazon mean? END
START what does iglesia punta carretas mean? END
START between what years was the iglesia punta carretas built? END
START what stle was the iglesia punta carretas built in? END
START what is the country's largest university?  END
START in 2007 the university of the republic had a student body of how many people? END
START when was the university of the republic founded? END
START who is the current rector of the university of the republic? END
START when did the process of funding the country's public university begin? END
START who proposed the law that began the process of funding the country's public university? END
START when was the house of general studies formed? END
START when did manuel oribe pass a decree establishing the greater university of the republic? END
START what is the largest private university in uruguay? END
START when was ort uruguay established? END
START when was ort uruguay officially certified as a private university? END
START how many students does the ort uruguay university have? END
START what is the main methodist educational institution in uruguay? END
START when was the montevideo crandon institute founded? END
START what is the first academic institution in south america where a home economics course was taught? END
START where is the christian brothers of ireland stella maris college located? END
START when was the christian brothers of ireland stella maris college established? END
START what is regarded as one of the best high schools in the country? END
START who is the headmaster of the christian brothers of ireland stella maris college? END
START where is the british schools of montevideo located? END
START when was the british schools of montevideo established? END
START what was the british schools of montevideo original purpose? END
START where is st. brendan's school located? END
START what was st. brendan's school previously named? END
START what is the only school in the country implementing three international baccalaureate programmes? END
START what is the national football stadium in parque batlle? END
START when was estadio centenario opened?  END
START how many seats does the estadio centenario have?  END
START where is the uruguayan basketball league headquartered? END
START when was the golf club of punta carretas founded? END
START equestrianism regained importance in montevideo after what? END
START what does dnt stand for? END
START who is responsible for the organization and development of montevideo's transport infrastructure? END
START where is the tres cruces bus terminal located? END
START what does the afe stand for? END
START what neighborhood is the general artigas central station located? END
START when was the general artigas central station abandoned? END
START what gives natural protection to ships in montevideo? END
START between what years did the main engineering work on the port of montevideo bay take place? END
START what happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works? END
START what is one of the oldest hospitals in uruguay? END
START who originally donated the land for hospital macie? END
START when was the first building of the hospital maciel established? END
START what is the only psychiatric hospital in montevideo? END
START who is hospital vilardebo named after? END
START when did the hospital vilardebo open? END
START how many inpatients did the the hospital vilardebo have in 1915? END
START what is the significance of poultry in the lives of humans? END
START are all domesticated and wild birds classified as poultry  ? END
START what types of  birds are most commonly considered poultry? END
START was the latin word for poultry also used to decribe other small animals as opposed to any poulty? END
START are any other birds considered common in the world of poultry? END
START what are domesticated birds kept by humans for the meat they produce? END
START what is the definition of the french word "pullus?" END
START what is the french term for "fowl?" END
START what is the norman term for "waterfowl?" END
START what is the latin word for pigeons? END
START what is the significance of poultry in the lives of aliens? END
START what types of birds are rarely considered poultry? END
START what word means to eat small animals in latin? END
START what birds are no longer considered as poultry? END
START what language was the word "poultry" banned from? END
START how long have humans used domsticated poultry ? END
START what have people use domesticated poultry for besides food ? END
START why did humans feel that addtional breeding tatics were necessary in poulty?  END
START has breeding changed the original characterictics of the animals ? END
START how popular is poultry as a consumable among humans ? END
START what is the second most widely eaten type of food domestically?  END
START how long did it take to domesticate poultry? END
START what were wild chickens used for at first? END
START what were wild quail kept for at first? END
START how long have humans avoided domesticated poultry? END
START what have people use domesticated poultry for aside from medicine? END
START why did humans feel that additional breeding tactics were unnecessary in poultry? END
START how popular is pottery consumption among humans? END
START why do modern breeds look the same as their wild ancestors? END
START what two addtional types of birds are listed in teh encyclopedia britanica as poultry? END
START who is the authoor of the book poultry breeding and genetics? END
START what is the most likely outout for the common variety of pheasant ? END
START edmund dixon is most famous for what inclusions in his 1854 book on poultry ? END
START do all language make the distinction between poultry and fowls? END
START what is the japanese term for young pigeons? END
START what book did d. r. crawford write? END
START what book was written in 1884? END
START what is the japanese term for "domesticated chicken?" END
START what is the only type of bird listed in the encyclopedia britannica as poultry? END
START who is the jailed author of the book poultry breeding and genetics? END
START what country has no birds that are considered poultry? END
START what word means the opposite of poultry? END
START who wrote the 1842 classic book on poultry, ornamental and domestic poultry: their history, and management? END
START what are male chickens called ? END
START how are male chickens able to be identified ? END
START what do chickens normally consume when in the natural wild environment? END
START do chickens fly like other birds? END
START from what birds are chickens decended from ? END
START what are characterized by red wattles on their heads? END
START what do hens have more exaggerated plumage than? END
START what is thought to have taken place 1,000 to 17,000 years ago? END
START what has been found in china dating back to 4500 bc? END
START where did chickens reach by 4250 years ago? END
START what are male chickens never allowed to be called? END
START what do chickens always consume when in artificial environments? END
START why are chickens unable to fly? END
START what birds are chickens superior to? END
START when did the domestication of chickens fail? END
START are there any purebreed lines for poultry today? END
START when did the poultry business boom in the united states ? END
START how has breeding helped in the pultry industry? END
START how can you normally identify a cock when recently hatched? END
START what began in 1820? END
START what became present in the united kingdom in 1900? END
START what was of greater importance than the poultry meat-producing industry in the mid-20th century? END
START how many eggs can male birds produce in a year? END
START what year did modern high-output poultry farms become established in the united states? END
START why does no breeding for poultry exist today? END
START when did the poultry business end permanently in the united states? END
START how has breeding destroyed the poultry industry? END
START how can you normally identify a cock when it doesn't hatch? END
START what birds are castrated to increase aggression? END
START what breed of chicken is named after a town in java ? END
START how are bantams different from other chickens? END
START do bantams lay regular sized eggs ? END
START where are bantams kept? END
START what is the name for a small variety of european chicken? END
START what country is the town of java located in? END
START domestic sailors bought small chickens for what? END
START what breed of worm is named after a town in java? END
START why are bantams not considered an animal? END
START what bird is unable to lay eggs due to the small size? END
START where are bantams usually hidden? END
START what sailors disliked small chickens? END
START how long ago was the sport of fighting chickens been around? END
START what is the termed used to define the game of fighting chickens called? END
START do chickens die in the sport of cockfighting? END
START have theere been any types of chickens who were really good at cockfighting? END
START do people bet on the cockfighting or is it just for entertainment? END
START what breed of rooster was developed in the chinese subcontinent? END
START what is said to be persia's oldest spectator sport? END
START why has cockfighting has been banned in many cultures during the last century? END
START when was the sport of fighting chickens stopped? END
START what is the term used to define the game of breeding chickens called? END
START what are chickens not going to do during a cockfight? END
START have there been any types of kittens who were really good at cockfighting? END
START why is cockfighting no longer something people want to be involved with? END
START how can you identify a duck from other poultry? END
START what do you call a male duck? END
START how can you identify a drake from a the female of the species? END
START what does the diet of cultivated ducks consistof ? END
START do all ducks fly south for the winter? END
START why can't you identify a duck from other poultry? END
START what can you never call a male duck? END
START what does the diet of cultivated ducks not include? END
START how many ducks hibernate during the winter? END
START what makes it impossible for ducks to eat animals? END
START how long have ducks possibly been in domesticated domicile with humans? END
START how far behind the east society was the western culture in domesticating ducks? END
START how did lucius columella recommend that one go abbout the business of domesticating ducks.? END
START when did ducks begin to appear in the books of western europeon society ? END
START where ducks ever used as a type of commerence in the world? END
START how long have ducks continued to avoid humans? END
START how far behind the east society was the western culture in banning ducks? END
START how did lucius columella recommend that one go about the business of domesticating felines? END
START when did ducks begin to disappear from the books of western european society? END
START what breed of duck is considered the first? END
START what are the outcomes of the breeding of ducks for humans? END
START what variety is the most common the the united states and the u.k. END
START why is the pekin duck the favored of the western world? END
START why is duck more common than other poultry in the east society ?? END
START what breed of duck is considered the worst? END
START what are the outcomes of breeding ducks with humans? END
START what variety of duck is no longer found in the us and the uk? END
START why is the pekin duck unfavorable in the western world? END
START what common variety of poultry in the west is not found in the east? END
START when was the greylag goose first domesticated by humans? END
START what other name is the swan goose know by ? END
START where is it believed that the greylag goose was first domesticated in theworld? END
START are geese an important part of the poultry industry? END
START when was the greylag goose domesticated by the romans? END
START what other name is the swan goose no longer known by? END
START where is it believed that the greylag goose was never domesticated? END
START what is no longer an important part of the poultry industry? END
START do domestic and wild geese have the same apperearance ? END
START what types of geese are used for human consumption? END
START what types of geese are used most efficiently for their egg production? END
START what is the down feathers of geese most commonly used for ? END
START why is the meat of geese considered fatty ? END
START what goose is unable to make any sound? END
START what is the down feathers of geese never used for? END
START why is the meat of geese considered lean? END
START what is the only type of goose not used for human consumption? END
START how many species is the recent day turkey suspected to have embarked from? END
START when were turkeys first used in a domestication setting? END
START what other purposes have the domesticated turkey been used for aside from food? END
START when and with what culture did domesticated turkey start to appear in the united states ? END
START how many species is the recent day bigfoot suspected to have embarked from? END
START when were turkeys first used in a hostile setting? END
START what other purposes have the endangered turkeys been used for aside from food? END
START when and with what culture did domesticated turkey start to appear in the ocean? END
START what type of accomidations are domesticated turkey normally grown in? END
START what type of conditions are used to increase the weight and profitability of commercial turkeys? END
START at what age is the average turkey considered ready for the initial step of the commercial food process? END
START how much more does a average commercial  turkey weigh in comparison to its wild turkey cousins ? END
START what the average for the amount of  turkeys are consumed in the u.s on thanksgiving day? END
START what are domesticated turkeys no longer grown in? END
START what age is the moose considered ready for the initial step of the commercial food process? END
START what is the average for the amount of parrots that are consumed in the u.s on thanksgiving day? END
START what type of conditions are used to decrease the weight and profitability of commercial turkeys? END
START how much more does a average commercial feather weigh in comparison to its wild turkey cousins ? END
START have quails ever been used for entertainment purposes ? END
START where can quails typically be found in the wild? END
START what is the typical diet consist of for qails ? END
START from what country do most domesticated  quails today descend from ? END
START why are quails always silent? END
START where are quails typically invisible in the wild? END
START what does a rare diet always consist of for quails? END
START what country do all domesticated quails descend from? END
START why did the japanses begin to breed quails in teh 20th century? END
START when did the quail egg business begin to really become an economic driven industry? END
START what caused a marked sownturn in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom? END
START how many eggs can be laid by the present day decendants of the japanese quail? END
START are quails used for any purpose other than human consumption ? END
START why did the japanese begin to breed quails in the 16th century? END
START when did the quail egg business fail to become an economic driven industry? END
START what caused a marked euphoria in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom? END
START what fields are japanese quail forbidden to be used? END
START what is the only country with a japanese quail farming industry? END
START what continent is the evolution of guinea fowl credited to? END
START who first domesticated the guinea fowl ? END
START aside from consumption how are guinea fowl  useful to humans. END
START what are guinea fowl  also praised for accomplishing for humans? END
START what part of the moon did guinea fowl originate from? END
START who were the only groups to domesticate a guinea fowl? END
START why are guinea fowl useless to humans? END
START what are guinea fowl also praised for accomplishing for martians? END
START what is the gourmet title given to pigeons ? END
START from what variety of pigeon does the squab decen? END
START are squabs treated differently from other piegons by humans aside from consumption? END
START how often are pigeons able to breed for the consumption process ? END
START what is the gourmet title that was taken away from pigeons? END
START what variety of pigeon does the squab avoid? END
START why does the breeding season only last a few days? END
START how many squabs do most pigeon pairs make in their lifetime? END
START what is the most popular type of poulty that is farmed? END
START how many birds are routinely raised in the world for the consumption process? END
START how is the cost of the price for animal feed related to the poulty cost for consumers? END
START before industrialization how were chickens normally cared for? END
START what is the major significance of chickens to women in underdeveloped countries? END
START what is the worst type of poultry that is farmed? END
START how many birds are ritualistically sacrificed in the world for the consumption process? END
START how is the cost of the price for animal feed unrelated to the poultry cost for consumers? END
START what is the major danger of chickens to women in underdeveloped countries? END
START what is the benefit to chickens of being in a free-range farming location? END
START what is yarding in relation to the pultry industry? END
START what is the most intensive type of enclosure system used in the poultry business? END
START how are eggs collected in teh battery cage system? END
START what is the benefit to chickens of being in a caged location? END
START what is yarding in relation to the pottery industry? END
START what is the only type of enclosure system used in the poultry business? END
START how are eggs destroyed in the battery cage system? END
START when did battery cages become the only way to house hens? END
START what is the average size of chickens used extensively for it's meat production raised in an intensive environment?  END
START how long does it take for an broiler raisedin an intensive environment very to reach optimum size? END
START what is the death rate among chickens who are intensivley breed to be broilers? END
START do chicken raised in the intensive broiler method suffer from health condions? END
START how long does it take for a chicken raised in a less intensive envionment to reach optimal broiler size? END
START what are chickens raised only for their fashion sense known as? END
START how long does it take a broiler to reach gargantuan size? END
START what is the death rate among chickens who are intensively bred to be fried chicken? END
START why are broilers considered to be very healthy chickens? END
START how do chickens like to spend their vacations? END
START what are some of the major concerns with intensive breeding programs? END
START what harsh measures do farmers use to prevent the chickens from harming themselves or others? END
START what are some of the major concerns with extensive breeding programs such as free range ? END
START how is the spread of the avian flu related to the conditions in which chickens are kept? END
START what is considered the most alarming setting for chickens to be raised in? END
START what are some of the minor concerns with intensive breeding programs? END
START what harsh measures do farmers use to encourage chickens to harm themselves or others? END
START what are typically slow to spread through the flock? END
START what is the only type of farming that has animal welfare concerns? END
START is there a pplace where lovers of the chicken are able to see some of its best attributes ? END
START in such competitions what are the chickens juged on? what attibutes are considered viable? END
START are there breed standards used for the competitions? END
START what are some of the most widely known poultry tournaments? END
START from where does the idea of a poultry tournament orginate? END
START where are national and regional poultry shows banned? END
START what was never made illegal that involves birds fighting? END
START what are never part of general livestock shows? END
START what are the unknown poultry tournaments? END
START why are poultry shows not allowed in most countries? END
START jo w common is the consumtion of poultry in the world? END
START how many animals of the poultry variety are raised for consumtion each year? END
START what type of enviornment is poultry most commonly raised in? END
START how many industry models are followed for the production process of poultry? END
START what is the europeon model of the poultry business ? END
START what is the only type of meat that is eaten in the world? END
START what type of environment is poultry always raised in? END
START how many industry models are not followed for the production process of poultry? END
START what country has never had poultry before? END
START how many ducks did china produce for consumption in 2011? END
START what other countries are important to the duck husbandry business? END
START who is the largest producer of duck meat among the western nations? END
START what is the market percentage held by the country that controls the biggest share of the global market for goose and guinea fowl meat END
START how many ducks did china produce for cartoons in 2011? END
START what country only eats goose and guinea fowl meat? END
START where is eating duck forbidden? END
START who is the only producer of duck meat among the western nations? END
START is poultry available in various forms? END
START what is the most substantial part of a birds antomy as it apples to consupmtion og the meat? END
START are certain parts of the bird used for particular reasons in relation to receipes? END
START what liquid form is poultry normally kept in? END
START what kind of food can never be deboned? END
START what part of the bird is considered poison? END
START what kind of wings are no longer eaten in the us? END
START are there reasons for the dark meat  that poultry has? END
START what is the white meat of chicken actually used for by the animal ? END
START what causes the meat of some poultry to show rainbow like colr striations? END
START do some varities of  poultry have more dark meat than others? END
START what is the only kind of meat available in birds? END
START why is white meat of chicken never actually used by the animal? END
START what birds have no breast muscle? END
START what kind of meat is considered dangerous to eat? END
START when is it possible for baccteria is enter into poultry before you get it home? END
START what percentage of poultry is tainted with staphylococcus bacteria? END
START are the bacteria that is found on poultry easy to get rid of? END
START what considerations do consumers need when using safe handling procedures with poultry regardless of cooking method used?? END
START why can't bacteria enter poultry? END
START what percentage of medicine is tainted with staphylococcus bacteria? END
START what bacterial infections are not possible as of today? END
START what is a common myth about poultry and bacteria? END
START is the avian flu a risk only to animals? END
START what portion of the world is considered to be most at risk for the rapid spread of the avian flu? END
START what is the danger to humans in regards to the spread of avian flu to humans ? END
START can the avian flu be sread from wild birds to birds kept in husbandry? END
START why is the avian flu only a risk to animals? END
START what portion of the world is immune to the flu? END
START why is the avian influenza considered to be completely safe? END
START what kind of poultry are immune to avian influenza? END
START what is most commonly found in people compared to birds? END
START what are poultry eggs used for aside from consumption? END
START what is the major difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines? END
START how long does it take for the flu vaccine to be fully ready for deployment into the population ? END
START in order to make a vaccine , what do viruses require that bacteria does not? END
START what new technology is being used in teh vaccine making process that will make vaccines safer and eaier for most consumers? END
START why are poultry eggs useless aside from consumption? END
START why is there no difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines? END
START what do viruses need in order to replicate in the laboratory? END
START what is a simple process that takes about one month to prepare? END
START what food is least commonly associated with allergy? END
START what is the nutitional value to humans of poultry and poultry products? END
START what is the fat and protien content of a 100g ram serving of baked chicken breast contain ? END
START how much healthy fat in in the average serving of poultry? END
START does chicken contain fat? END
START what meat has no nutritional value to humans? END
START what meat's protein is the lowest quality? END
START how many full pounds of fat are found in an average chicken breast? END
START what food is considered toxic when mixed with poultry? END
START why does chicken have the lowest fat content of any meat? END
START in what place with the word "name" in it do most people speak dutch? END
START islands in the caribbean that include dutch as an official language include curaçao, sint maarten, and what other place? END
START it's been estimated that up to what number of native dutch speakers live in australia, the u.s., and canada? END
START in southern africa, dutch has developed over many years into what daughter language? END
START what the low estimate for the number of people who speak afrikaans? END
START which two languages does dutch most closely resemble? END
START which germanic accent mark do both the english and the dutch language not use? END
START unlike english, both german and dutch use how many genders in their grammar? END
START which verb tense have both english and dutch mostly gotten rid of? END
START does dutch borrow more or less from romance languages for its vocabulary than german? END
START what are variations on dutch used in belgium sometimes called? END
START what is the dutch language officially called in the netherlands? END
START what would someone in belgium call the variation of dutch spoken in flanders? END
START what is the dutch name for the "hollandish" dialect of the language? END
START if "vlaams" is "flemish," what would english speakers call "west-vlaams"? END
START what old germanic term was used to describe the non-romance languages that developed in europe? END
START what language was used for writing and by the catholic church instead of the language "of the people"? END
START the word "theudisk" was first found in a text from what year? END
START what year were the oaths of strasbourg written? END
START what word was used in the oaths of strasbourg for the oath's germanic section? END
START in what century was a differentiation made to clear up confusion about west germanic languages? END
START what west central german dialect of dutch contains the name of a u.s. state? END
START what's the native pennsylvania dutch word for the language? END
START in what decade did people in new jersey stop speaking jersey dutch? END
START dutch people didn't have an officially established word for the "dutch" language until what century? END
START what word meaning "low dutch" was sometimes used to distinguish dutch from germany's language? END
START instead of "german," what word used to refer to the language of the country of germany? END
START what does "hoogduits" translate to in english? END
START now that "nederlands" is used for dutch in dutch, what do dutch speakers call german? END
START what was the new word for dutch that still caused some confusion with the language spoken in germany? END
START what does the word "neder" translate to in english? END
START the netherlands are "low" because of their placement near what delta by the north sea? END
START what language started the trend of referring to the netherlands as "germania inferior"? END
START "nederduits" often caused people to mix up the language of the netherlands with that spoken in what directional area of germany?  END
START how many different versions of a germanic language were spoken in the low countries? END
START which germanic dialect was spoken in the eastern region? END
START which dialects are referred to as "old dutch"? END
START was the transition from old dutch to modern dutch gradual, or did it happen quickly? END
START which germanic dialect was spoken in the north and west of the low countries?  END
START which language tree groups dutch with english? END
START what group of languages have to comply with grimm's law? END
START in what age did the sound patterns that distinguish germanic languages develop? END
START along with grimm's law, what's the other rule for germanic-sounding speech called? END
START what does a language need to share with the group in order to be classified as germanic? END
START into how many groups are germanic languages usually split? END
START in what historical period did the different types of germanic languages stop being collectively understood? END
START what group of germanic languages includes dutch, english, and german? END
START what's the west germanic dialect spoken in the north sea region called? END
START which dialect group included most frankish tribes? END
START what's another term for "frankish"? END
START what city is closest to the bergakker inscription? END
START to which century do some researchers attribute the bergakker inscription? END
START what word found in roman writings became "wad" in modern dutch? END
START what does the dutch word "wad" mean in english? END
START what's another name for old frisian? END
START what's another name for old english? END
START what language stayed very similar to the language spoken by franks? END
START what period is the bergakker inscription from that shows characteristics of the old dutch language? END
START what's another name for old dutch that demonstrates its difference from german franconian? END
START are written records of old dutch rare or common? END
START what frankish document contains the oldest recorded instance of dutch? END
START what creature is swimming in the dutch phrase "visc flot aftar themo uuatare"? END
START where did the monk who wrote the most famous old dutch sentence live? END
START what historically significant dutch document begins with the phrase "forsachistu diobolae"? END
START what language did middle dutch come from? END
START what year do some researchers say marked the point when old dutch morphed? END
START rather than a single language, what group sharing origins in old dutch does the term "middle dutch" refer to? END
START would a text written in middle dutch be readable or unintelligible for a dutch speaker today? END
START what court in dijon prior to 1477 had a hand in standardizing dutch? END
START which two dutch dialects had the greatest influence in the middle ages? END
START which century marked great progress in dutch standardization brought on by antwerp? END
START what year did the spanish conquer antwerp? END
START what was the first dutch bible translation called? END
START what was the old name for the geographical region that's now belgium and luxembourg? END
START what people ruled the southern netherlands after the austrians? END
START what year did the netherlands and belgium agree on a treaty to accommodate each other's language? END
START what was the name of the treaty that brought the dialects of belgium and the netherlands together? END
START the commonality between dutch spoken by people in the netherlands and dutch-speaking belgium can be compared to the relationship between british english and what language? END
START what's the "cheesy" name for east low franconian? END
START what language has the most in common with the east low franconian dialect of dutch? END
START along with german and english, what standardized west germanic language is similar to dutch? END
START non-standardized languages similar to dutch include yiddish and what other west germanic language? END
START as opposed to dutch, what language was influenced by the high german sound shift? END
START what dialect of dutch is spoken in drenthe? END
START what's the name of the river that marks a dialect divide in the netherlands? END
START although dutch low saxon is similar to low german, it's synchronically included with which language? END
START which dutch province is only partially comprised of speakers of dutch low saxon? END
START when did cities like diventer and zutphen start becoming more linguistically diverse? END
START what organization researched the use of regional dutch dialects and found their usage declining? END
START what percentage of adults in the netherlands spoke a dialect or regional language in 1995? END
START how many primary school aged children were found to speak a dialect or regional language by 2011? END
START what's the most commonly spoken regional language in the netherlands? END
START in 2011, what percentage of dutch adults spoke frisian? END
START what's the dutch word for "money"? END
START west flemings pronounce the dutch "g" as a voiced glottal frivative, which would be represented by what letter in standard dutch? END
START what other european language has a mute "h" like the west flemings do? END
START what word that means "hero" would a west fleming speaker probably pronounce the same as "geld"? END
START if a west fleming speaker were being extra careful to avoid the silent "h," they might over-correct into what sound? END
START what's the west flemish word for "no"? END
START how would you tell a west flemish speaker "yes"? END
START what piece of a sentence does west flemish match the case of a "yes" or "no" to? END
START would linguistic differences make it difficult or easy to point out someone who moved from a different region of the netherlands? END
START which is easier for a non-native speaker to imitate: grammar rules or sound shifts? END
START what dutch dialect is so distinct that it's often considered a language variant? END
START what kind of governmental boundary does dialect distribution transcend, reflecting medieval divisions? END
START what province is zeelandic flanders in? END
START what area that abuts belgium still has some older people who speak west flemish? END
START along with limburgish, what other dutch dialect is spoken down into a lot of the southern netherlands? END
START what dialect is considered a sister language to dutch? END
START which dutch dialect is so distinct that it's often called a daughter language? END
START afrikaans is mostly derived from the dutch spoken in what century? END
START the dutch influence on afrikaans was seasoned with languages from what country? END
START what two-word phrase describes the relationship whereby dutch and afrikaans speakers can understand each other? END
START what percentage of people in belgium speak dutch? END
START what country in europe has the highest percentage of dutch speakers? END
START what region in france is experiencing dutch language death? END
START what's the name of the institution that ensures dutch is monocentric? END
START how many different major dialects of dutch are there? END
START what town in germany has always had mostly dutch speakers? END
START about how many people around calais, france speak dutch every day? END
START it took until the end of what century for people in french cities like gravelines to finally switch over to french from dutch? END
START which church often preached in flemish prior to world war i? END
START in what area of france is calais located? END
START in what country other than france did dutch lose most of it usage in the 19th century? END
START in france and germany, what languages will often be substituted by native speakers of dutch dialects? END
START in what segment of the population is the decline in usage of dutch most prominent? END
START other than france, what country does not give dutch legal status as a language? END
START what language did france and prussia ban from use in education in the late 19th century? END
START about how many students in belgium are studying dutch? END
START how many primary school students are learning dutch in nord-pas-de-calais? END
START what country has the most universities offering courses in neerlandistiek? END
START how many universities in france offer neerlandistiek courses? END
START besides north rhine-westphalia, which german state has the most pupils of dutch? END
START for how long have there been dutch speakers in indonesia? END
START in what profession is dutch often required in the dutch east indies? END
START what institution in jakarta still teaches dutch? END
START about how many pupils in all of indonesia study dutch as part of their coursework? END
START in addition to students pursuing law degrees, what other course of study often includes dutch? END
START towards the end of what century did it become important for more people in dutch colonies to speak dutch? END
START what vip segment of the population in dutch colonies learned dutch to participate in business and government? END
START what was the dutch government afraid of doing if they taught their colonies dutch? END
START leaders wanted to hang onto knowledge of the dutch language because it's the language of what? END
START what became the official language of indonesia after they declared their independence? END
START what's the indonesian word for "office"?  END
START what term describes the literally translated indonesian versions of dutch terms that have become standard? END
START what dutch word for a hospital was calqued into the indonesian "rumah sakit"? END
START what is the indonesian calque for the dutch word that literally translates as "animal garden"? END
START about what percentage of residents of suriname speak dutch? END
START what language would you hear teachers speak if you attended school in suriname? END
START when did suriname officially become independent from the netherlands? END
START what year did suriname join the dutch language union? END
START what's the common language that around 20% of suriname's people speak? END
START what's the year that jersey dutch was last spoken, according to records? END
START what dutch-based language popped up in the area of albany, new york? END
START what's a more accurate name for pennsylvania dutch since it's not a dutch dialect? END
START which dutch dialect was once spoken in the u.s. virgin islands? END
START in what country were the berbice and skepi dialects spoken? END
START in what decade did european dutch yield to the local dialect in south africa? END
START at the high end, what percentage of afrikaans words come from dutch? END
START what south african document from 1983 doesn't list dutch as an official language? END
START what section of the constitution was changed by act 8 of 1925 to include afrikaans with dutch? END
START what pressure influenced the shift in south africa from the use of european dutch in the 1920s? END
START who has a more difficult time understanding the other's language: dutch speakers or afrikaans speakers? END
START is afrikaans more or less complex compared to dutch? END
START what's the dutch word for "bird"? END
START what is the afrikaans word for "rain"? END
START is it difficult or easy to estimate the number of students in south africa who study dutch? END
START approximately what percentage of south africans are native afrikaans speakers? END
START which country has 11% of households who speak afrikaans? END
START how many of the south africans surveyed in 1996 said they speak at least a little afrikaans? END
START about how many south africans speak afrikaans as their primary language? END
START approximately how many people in the world speak dutch as a second language? END
START what sound does dutch still use from proto-germanic that was phased out in other germanic languages? END
START along with english, what pronunciation shift did dutch not undergo? END
START how are obstruents pronounced at the end of dutch words? END
START how would you say "good" in dutch? END
START what language other than dutch also employs final-obstruent devoicing? END
START is the voicing of pre-vocalic initial voiceless alveolar fricatives more common in dutch or german? END
START does the development of /ft/ to /xt/ occur more in low german or dutch? END
START what number word is spelled the same in english and low german? END
START what's the german word for "seven"? END
START although spelled differently, the first consonant of what dutch word for "seven" is pronounced the same as its german counterpart? END
START what quality of dutch vowels isn't usually recognized as distinctive? END
START is it true or false that older dutch words combine changes in vowel length and vowel quality? END
START how would you say "sons" in dutch? END
START since vowel quality changes might be very slight between dialects, what's the main vowel feature used to differentiate them? END
START what does the dutch word "kroes" mean in english? END
START what letter represents the sound native english speakers often use for dutch names with "ij" or "ei" in them? END
START how many unique phenomes are usually attributed to dutch? END
START what's the term we use for the type of sound made for two vowels in words like the dutch "goud" or "zout"? END
START what pronunciation did the older dutch ol/ul/al + dental evolve into? END
START what linguistic event in english could we parallel with the dutch lowering of diphthongs? END
START in what decade did the dutch diphthong lowering occur? END
START the lowering of diphthongs is intriguing partly because it's associated with what single gender? END
START what researcher posited that the lowering of diphthongs is "natural"? END
START which language, in addition to german, did stroop use to compare dutch with when stating that the diphthongs "should" have lowered? END
START what word did stroop use to describe the static stage of diphthong pronunciation? END
START what classes in the 16th century sneered at the pronunciation of dutch by rural people? END
START what distinct kind of british english does stroop say has a similar function to polder dutch? END
START what phenomenon of dutch pronunciation was brought about by the attitudes of the elite in the 16th century? END
START what specific type of diphthongs were the less educated dutch speakers in the countryside using in the 16th century? END
START how many genders does standard dutch use for both natural and grammatical gender? END
START what gender does the majority of non-belgian dutch speakers use instead of the masculine and feminine? END
START apart from the common gender in non-belgian dutch, what other gender do speakers use? END
START the common/neuter system used in dutch is a lot like the system used in what other language category? END
START in its simplified inflectional grammar, what language is dutch similar to? END
START what's the dutch word for "my"? END
START over what span of time have the rules for written dutch become less complicated? END
START what part of speech does dutch mostly use cases for? END
START which parts of speech aren't normally case-specific in dutch? END
START in what century long before dutch did most west germanic dialects probably lose case inflection? END
START what case no longer used in dutch is still present in german phrases like "der herr des hauses"? END
START how would you say "the man of the house" in dutch? END
START what word described standalone expressions that retain some outdated convention as an exception? END
START which word in the phrase "het jaar des heren" is a weak noun with a genitive ending added? END
START in what type of dutch clause does the subject usually follow the conjugated verb? END
START what's the english type equivalent for the dutch word order that is an interrogative pronoun/expression, then a verb followed by a subject? END
START what type of clause has the same word order in dutch as a tag question? END
START what never changes in a subordinate clause in dutch? END
START what is the literal translation of the dutch phrase, "kun jij je pen niet vinden?" END
START what word do dutch speakers use for what we call a "shotgun marriage"? END
START in dutch, what part of speech does an adjective with a diminutive ending become? END
START when the diminutive ending "-tjes" is added to the adverb "even," as what part of speech does it function? END
START what's the dutch word for "green"? END
START with the diminutive ending "-tje" added to the dutch word for "green," what does the new formation translate to in english? END
START which diminutive of "bloem" means a "bouquet"? END
START what's the dutch word for "seahorse" that has no non-diminutive form? END
START what dutch word did their word for "girl" come from that has a totally different meaning? END
START what's the dutch word for the items like shirts and pants that you wear that only exists in a plural form? END
START sometimes uncountable nouns in dutch get a diminutive ending to make them refer to what, like an ice cream cone? END
START what language besides dutch uses the dative case instead of the accusative for pronouns? END
START in the lone exception to the dative case, which pronoun is prescribed for the third person plural direct object? END
START when did the grammarians first draw the line between third person plural pronouns for dutch? END
START since most dutch speakers don't bother with the hen/hun rule, which of the two most often gets used? END
START when speakers get confused about whether to use hen or hun, what interchangeable unstressed form would they probably use? END
START how would a dutch speaker say "doghouse"? END
START is dutch like or unlike english in its treatment of compound nouns? END
START "tree house," which is two words in english, would be what single word in dutch? END
START what language is like dutch in allowing compounds to be any length? END
START in english, what usually separates newer compound nouns written in open form? END
START what percentage of loanwords are present in dutch vocabulary? END
START what language has exerted the most influence on dutch vocabulary since the 12th century? END
START what language does dutch get its second highest percentage of loanwords from? END
START together, what percentage of dutch loanwords comes from high and low german? END
START in the loanword sharing between dutch and english, which language got the higher percentage of loanwords? END
START how many extra characters does dutch have in addition to the standard alphabet? END
START what's the name for the additional character dutch uses? END
START because dutch has many vowel sounds and compound words, what occurs frequently in dutch spelling? END
START what is an example of a dutch word that has double vowels or consonants five times in a row? END
START what's the name for the type of accent that dutch used to mark the difference between the word for "a" or "an" and the word for "one"? END
START what was buckingham palace orginally known as? END
START who was buckingham palace was originally built for? END
START which king acquired the buckingham house in 1761? END
START what was buckingham house known as when queen charlotte resided there? END
START which two architects were commissioned to enlarge buckingham in the 19th century? END
START for whom was buckingham house originally built? END
START who enlarged the house in the 19th century? END
START when did the palace become the london residence for the monarchs? END
START what is buckingham palace currently known as? END
START who was buckingham palace originally built to oppose? END
START which king acquired the buckingham house in 1751? END
START what was buckingham house known as when queen charlotte died there? END
START which two architects were commissioned to enlarge buckingham in the 17th century? END
START what colors were added in the partial redecoration overseen by king edward vii? END
START what original colors from the 19th century were used on the advice of sir charles long? END
START how many rooms does the palace have? END
START in which style are many of the smaller reception rooms furnished in? END
START what house were many of the furniture and fittings brought from? END
START who suggested the use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis? END
START who oversaw the redecoration that used a belle époque cream and gold colour scheme? END
START smaller reception rooms are decorated in which style? END
START furniture and fittings were brought over from which house? END
START what colors were removed in the partial redecoration overseen by king edward vii? END
START what original colors from the 18th century were used on the advice of sir charles long? END
START how many rooms does the palace have closed off? END
START which style are none of the reception rooms furnished in? END
START what house were many of the furniture and fittings lost from? END
START which river runs underneath the palace? END
START the site of the palace was once owned by which queen consort in the late saxon times? END
START who did william the conqueror give the site of the palace to? END
START the site was passed to monks from which abbey? END
START the site of the palace formed part of which manor in the middles ages? END
START what was the name of the village that grew at cow ford? END
START who gave the site to the monks of westminster? END
START what was the name of the manor that previously existed on the site? END
START which river runs above the palace? END
START which queen consort in the late saxon times once rented the site of the palace? END
START who did william the conqueror buy the site of the palace from? END
START which abbey refused to have the site passed to the monks? END
START what was the name of the village that burned at cow ford? END
START which property tycoon inherited the property in the late 17th century? END
START which village had fallen into decay? END
START who established a mulberry garden on the property? END
START what product did the mulberry garden produce? END
START who suggests that the mulberry garden is likely a place for debauchery? END
START what about the palace was subject to speculation in the 17th century? END
START which village had fallen into decay but the 17th century? END
START who sold off part of the crown freehold? END
START what type of garden did james i create? END
START what did the mulberry garden produce? END
START which property tycoon inherited the property in the late 19th century? END
START which village had become overpopulated? END
START who destroyed a mulberry garden on the property? END
START what product did the mulberry garden avoid? END
START what about the palace was subject to speculation in the 15th century? END
START who built the first house on the site? END
START which owner developed much of the garden still seen today? END
START what was lord goring's garden known as? END
START under which king did the royal family regain the freehold title of the property?  END
START which king failed to execute goring's freehold document before fleeing to london? END
START who owned the first house built on the site? END
START who developed what is much of today's garden at buckingham? END
START what was the name of lord goring garden? END
START which king fled to london leaving allowing the royal family to keep it's freehold on the property? END
START who demolished the first house on the site? END
START which owner developed none of the garden still seen today? END
START what was lord goring's garden mistakenly known as? END
START which king executed goring's freehold document before staying in london? END
START who removed the last house built on the site? END
START in what year did william winde design the house which forms the core of the palace? END
START who sold buckingham house in 1761? END
START how much did george iii pay for the house? END
START in what year was the leasehold of the mulberry site due to expire? END
START how many flanking service wings did the original buckingham house have? END
START the house which is the core of buckingham was first built for who? END
START who designed the house for the duke of buckingham? END
START how many flanking service wings did buckingham house have? END
START who bought buckingham house in 1761? END
START how much did george iii pay for buckingham house?  END
START what year did william winde burn the house which forms the core of the palace? END
START who sold buckingham house in 1741? END
START how much did george ii pay for the house? END
START how many flanking service wings did the original buckingham house remove? END
START who bought buckingham house in 1781? END
START what did king george iv originally want the structure to be? END
START king william thought about converting the palace into what after a fire destroyed the palace of westminster in 1834? END
START which architect helped modify the house into a palace? END
START in what year was nash removed as architect? END
START who was hired in 1830 to finish the work on the palace? END
START what year did remodeling of buckingham house begin? END
START what was george iv's original plan for the house?  END
START what year did the king decide to make it into a palace? END
START who was the main architect that transformed the house into the palace? END
START who did king william iv hired to finish the work after nash was fired? END
START what did king george iv originally make the structure to be? END
START which architect helped modify the palace into a house? END
START what year was nash promoted as architect? END
START who was fired in 1830 to finish the work on the palace? END
START what year did remodeling of buckingham house become banned? END
START who was the first monarch to reside at buckingham palace? END
START who died before the palace was completed? END
START buckingham became a principle residence for the royal family in which year? END
START what was the problem with chimneys in the palace? END
START at the end of which year were most of the design problems of the palace rectified under prince albert? END
START when did buckingham officially become the principle royal residence? END
START who was the first monarch to reside there? END
START who died before seeing buckingham palace's completion? END
START what was the problem with the palace's chimneys? END
START who dealt with the design faults of the palace? END
START who was the only monarch to reside at buckingham palace? END
START who died right as the palace was completed? END
START what was the best thing about chimneys in the palace? END
START when did buckingham officially become the only royal residence? END
START who was the worst monarch to reside there? END
START who designed the new wing for the palace in 1847? END
START the new wing was built by whom? END
START what is the east front of the palace known as? END
START the east front contains what famous feature? END
START who was the student of nash that designed the ballroom wing? END
START who designed a new wing for queen victoria and prince albert when they felt they needed more space? END
START who built the new wing? END
START what is considered the public face of the palace? END
START what other wing was built during this time? END
START which of nash's students designed the ballroom? END
START who designed the blue wing for the palace in 1837? END
START what is the west front of the palace described as? END
START who was the teacher of nash that destroyed the ballroom wing? END
START what is considered the private nose of the palace? END
START what other wing was removed during this time? END
START the palace frequently hosted which type of events prior to the death of prince albert? END
START which composer played at buckingham on three occasions? END
START which piece of music by johann strauss was first performed at buckingham in honor of princess alice? END
START queen victoria hosted which type of balls? END
START before prince albert died what sort of entertainment was held at buckingham? END
START which composer played there on three occasions? END
START who performed alice polka in honor of princess alice? END
START what type of balls did queen victoria hold? END
START which type of events prior to the death of prince albert were never hosted by the palace? END
START which composer played at buckingham on eight occasions? END
START who performed alice polka in opposition of princess alice? END
START what type of balls did queen victoria avoid? END
START what sort of entertainment was banned at buckingham before prince albert died? END
START when year did prince albert die? END
START what forced the queen to return to london? END
START what was the fate of buckingham after the left? END
START where were court functions held upon the queens return to london? END
START when did prince albert die? END
START what did queen victoria do in response to his death? END
START which house did queen victoria stay at after she left buckingham? END
START what happened to buckingham after queen victoria left? END
START where did queen victoria hold court functions during this time? END
START when year did prince albert resurrect? END
START what forced the queen to leave london forever? END
START where were court functions held upon the queens exile from london? END
START what did queen victoria do in response to prince albert's birth? END
START how many principle bedrooms does the palace have? END
START how many bathrooms are there? END
START a large bow is a large feature of the facade in which stateroom? END
START how long is the picture gallery in yards? END
START which rooms has large white marble statues of prince albert and queen victoria? END
START what is the floor space of the palace? END
START how many staterooms does the palace have? END
START how many bathrooms does the palace have? END
START how many offices does the palace have? END
START how many principle bedrooms does the palace spy on? END
START how many bathrooms are made from gold there? END
START which stateroom has a small bow as a feature of the facade? END
START how long is the picture gallery in miles? END
START how many offices in the palace have closed indefinitely? END
START which rooms are used for less formal entertaining such as luncheons or private audiences? END
START which room is named for visit of tsar nicolas i of russia? END
START the 1855 room is name for which european emperor? END
START guests attending the queen's garden parties will mostly likely see which room? END
START where are the suites located that the queen and prince phillip use? END
START what is the name of the slightly less luxurious staterooms located underneath the state apartments? END
START what type of entertaining are the semi-state apartments used for? END
START who is the 1844 room named after? END
START who is the 1855 room named after? END
START where are the queen and prince phillip's apartments located? END
START which rooms are used for more formal entertaining such as luncheons or public audiences? END
START which room does not allow visits by tsar nicolas i of russia? END
START which european chef is the 1845 room named after? END
START where are the suites located that the king and prince phillip use? END
START who is the 1744 room named after? END
START where did many of the fittings for the new east wing come from? END
START when was the new east wing built? END
START what is the theme for the new east wing? END
START the red and blue chinese luncheon room has what as a main feature? END
START who designed the chimney piece in the yellow drawing room? END
START what was blore building between 1847 and 1850? END
START many rooms in the new east wing are in what style? END
START parts of the brighton banqueting and music rooms from brighton pavilion make up which buckingham room? END
START where did none of the fittings for the new west wing come from? END
START when was the new east wing destroyed? END
START what theme is forbidden in the new east wing? END
START who removed the chimney piece in the yellow drawing room? END
START what style are in none of the rooms in the new east wing? END
START which room has the famous balcony used by the royals? END
START what is the main theme of the centre room? END
START which queen enhanced the chinese theme of the centre room in the 1920s? END
START the lacquer doors in the centre room were brought from brighton in which year? END
START the principle corridor features which type of doors? END
START which room feature the famous balcony? END
START which designer did queen mary work with to enhance the centre room? END
START the principle corridor has which type of doors? END
START what year were the lacquer doors brought from brighton? END
START which room has the infamous balcony forbidden by the royals? END
START what is the secondary theme of the centre room? END
START which queen ruined the chinese theme of the centre room in the 1930s? END
START which room avoids the famous balcony? END
START which designer did queen mary fire to enhance the centre room? END
START where do foreign heads of stay usually stay in buckingham palace? END
START what floor are the belgian suites located? END
START the belgian suite is located at the foot of which staircase? END
START how are the rooms of the belgian suites linked? END
START what is the style of the saucer domes in the belgian suite? END
START where do foreign heads of stay at buckingham palace? END
START the belgian suite is located at the bottom of which staircase? END
START on which floor is the belgian suite located? END
START how are the rooms in the belgian suite connected? END
START the saucer domes are in whose style? END
START where do foreign heads of stay usually avoid in buckingham palace? END
START what floor are the belgian suites burned? END
START how are the rooms of the belgian suites separated? END
START where do foreign heads paint at buckingham palace? END
START which floor is the belgian suite restricted? END
START aside from being the home of the monarchy and a tourist attraction, what else is buckingham palace known for? END
START who made the palaces gilded railings and gates? END
START buckingham palace is also the london residence for which duke? END
START who is buckingham palace home to? END
START who completed the palaces gilded railing and gates? END
START in what year were the railings and gates completed? END
START how many people work at buckingham palace? END
START who stole the palaces gilded railings and gates? END
START how many people were fired from buckingham palace? END
START who is buckingham palace restricted from? END
START what year were the railings and gates stolen? END
START which duke is not allowed at buckingham palace? END
START buckingham palace is actually owned by whom? END
START where can the public view items from the royal collection? END
START what was located on the site that is now the queen's gallery? END
START what part of the palace has been open to the public every august and september and other select dates since 1993? END
START who owns buckingham palace and windsor castle? END
START where can the public view the royal collection? END
START since when have the palaces rooms been opened to the public? END
START how many people visited the palace in the 2014.2015 fiscal year? END
START who has never owned buckingham palace? END
START where is the public not allowed to view items from the royal collection? END
START what was located on the site that is now the king's gallery? END
START what part of the palace has been open to the public every august and july and other select dates since 1991? END
START how many people were missing from the palace in the 2014-2015 fiscal year? END
START what is the official dress code today at buckingham palace? END
START which queen tried and failed to raise the hemline of her dress after wwi? END
START which king was horrified to see the queen's hemline raised a few inches? END
START the hemline of daytime skirts were allowed to rise after which year? END
START the knee breeches men formerly wore to the palace were of what era's design? END
START from what century were men's knee breeches worn at buckingham designed in? END
START what were women obliged to wear in their hair? END
START which queen wanted to shorten her skirt's hemline? END
START which king was horrified to see the raised hemline on the queen? END
START what is the dress code today at buckingham? END
START what were women required to wear in their socks? END
START which queen raised the hemline of her dress after wwi? END
START which king was amused to see the queen's hemline raised a few inches? END
START what century were men's knee breeches forbidden at buckingham? END
START which queen wanted to extend her skirt's hemline? END
START under whose reign did court presentations of young aristocratic ladies take place? END
START what was the name for the ceremony where debutantes had their first introduction into society? END
START debutantes wore the feather of which bird in their hair? END
START after wwii "coming out" ceremonies were replaces with what event? END
START under whose reign were young debutantes presented to society at court? END
START what types of feathers did debutantes wear in their hair? END
START what was the occasion where debutantes were presented to society called? END
START after wwii what was the coming out ceremony replaced with? END
START whose reign did not include court presentations of young aristocratic ladies? END
START what was the name for the sacrifice where debutantes had their last introduction into society? END
START what bird's feathers did debutantes wear in their shirt? END
START what was the occasion where debutantes were exiled from society called? END
START what was the coming out ceremony replaced with during wwii? END
START where do investitures take place? END
START what year was the ballroom built? END
START which room has the ballroom replaced in terms of both use and importance? END
START what does the queen stand on during investitures? END
START knighthood is given by being dubbed with what object? END
START what is the largest room in the palace? END
START the ballroom replaced which other room in terms of importance and use? END
START where do investitures never take place? END
START what year was the ballroom blown up? END
START which room has the ballroom never changed in terms of both use and importance? END
START what is the smallest room in the palace? END
START what does the queen sit on during investitures? END
START where do state banquets take place? END
START in what month does the queen entertain the diplomatic corps? END
START what is used to set the dining table for formal dinners? END
START when was the grand service made? END
START for whom was the grand service made? END
START where do state banquets take place? END
START when are state banquets held? END
START what is the dining table laid with for state banquets? END
START who was the grand service originally made for? END
START where are state banquets forbidden? END
START what month does the queen promote the diplomatic corps? END
START what is used to set the dining table for casual dinners? END
START when was the grand service removed? END
START when are state banquets avoided? END
START where is the gold state coach housed? END
START when was the gold state coach first used? END
START the royal mews houses which type of animal? END
START who designed the royal mews? END
START where is the gold state coach kept? END
START who designed the gold state coach? END
START in what year was the gold state coach first used? END
START what animals are kept in the mews? END
START who destroyed the royal mews? END
START where is the silver state coach housed? END
START who knows nothing about the gold state coach? END
START when was the gold state coach last used? END
START what animals are forbidden in the mews? END
START in what year did edward vii ascend to the throne? END
START kind edward vii and queen alexandra's friends were know as what? END
START some thought that king edward vii's redecoration choices were at odds with whose prior work? END
START which king commissioned massive redecoration in the belle epoque cream and gold color scheme? END
START what were the group of friends of king edward vii and queen alexandra called? END
START what was at odds with nash's original work in the palace? END
START when did king edward vii take the throne? END
START what colors were used in the redecorations overseen by king edward vii? END
START what year did edward vii decline to ascend to the throne? END
START which king commissioned minor redecoration in the belle epoque cream and silver color scheme? END
START what were the group of people that king edward vii and queen alexandra avoided called? END
START what supported nash's original work in the palace? END
START what colors were avoided in the redecorations overseen by king edward vi? END
START under whose reign did the last major building works take place? END
START the principle facade of the east front is made from what type of stone? END
START which king preferred official entertaining and royal duties to lavish parties? END
START who added and restored furniture to the royal collection? END
START who was responsible for decorating the blue drawing room? END
START who redesigned blore's 1850 east front? END
START the refaced facade was made from what type of stone? END
START which king placed more emphasis on official entertaining and royal duties instead of lavish parties? END
START what collection did queen mary take an interest in by adding and restoring pieces? END
START who decorated the blue drawing room? END
START whose reign never had a major building works take place? END
START which king avoided official entertaining and royal duties in favor of lavish parties? END
START who removed and ruined furniture in the royal collection? END
START who redesigned blore's 1820 west front? END
START who burned the green drawing room? END
START who lived at buckingham palace during wwi? END
START where were valuable items from buckingham palace taken during wwi? END
START the king refrained from doing what during the war? END
START in what year was the north-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool? END
START who persuaded the king to lock the wine cellars during wwi? END
START buckingham palace was untouched during which war? END
START where were valuables evacuated to during the war? END
START what did the king give up during the war? END
START who convinced the king to lock the wine cellars? END
START what was the north-west pavilion converted into in 1938? END
START who died at buckingham palace during wwi? END
START where were worthless items from buckingham palace taken after wwi? END
START what did the king increase consumption of during the war? END
START what year was the south-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool? END
START who persuaded the queen to unlock the wine cellars during wwi? END
START how many times was the palace bombed in wwii? END
START what was destroyed in 1940? END
START which monarchs were in residence at buckingham palace during wwii? END
START the bombing of buckingham palace showed what to the public? END
START what was destroyed in one of the bombing that hit the palace in wwii? END
START the king and queen were filmed doing what after a bombing? END
START the royal family was seen as sharing what with their subjects after the bombings? END
START how many times was the palace remodeled in wwii? END
START what was upgraded in 1940? END
START which monarchs were missing from buckingham palace during wwii? END
START what did the royal family never share with their subjects after the bombings? END
START what was hidden from the public as a result of the bombing of buckingham palace? END
START what is the date of the battle of britain day? END
START what did ray holmes think the german pilot was going to bomb? END
START what type of airplane was the german craft holmes rammed into? END
START after the war what did holmes become? END
START what year did ray holmes die? END
START what is september 15, 1940 known as? END
START what did ray holmes believe the german pilot was targeting? END
START what did holmes do to stop the german plane? END
START what type of aircraft was the german plane? END
START when did holmes die? END
START what is the date of the celebration of britain day? END
START what did ray holmes think the german pilot was going to restore? END
START what type of airplane was the german craft holmes avoiding? END
START what did holmes become during the war? END
START what year did ray holmes give birth? END
