START what type of energy makes an incandescent light bulb glow? END
START which part of the incandescent light bulb is heated? END
START what part of a halogen light bulb supplies electric current? END
START what provides the electricity to most light bulbs? END
START which type of light bulb uses inert gas? END
START what type of light has a wire filament heated to a low temperature? END
START what does not have electric current running through a wire filament? END
START what part of a halogen light bulb does not supply electric current? END
START what does not provide electricity to most light bulbs? END
START are incandescent bulbs more or less efficient than most electric lighting? END
START what percentage of energy does a standard light bulb actually convert to visible light? END
START which is more efficient: compact fluorescent or led lights? END
START how long does a typical incandescent light bulb last? END
START what happens to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not convert into light? END
START what are more efficient than most other types of electric lighting? END
START what percentage of energy is not actually converted to visible light in a standard light bulb? END
START what percentage of energy is not actually converted to visible light in an incadescent light bulb? END
START what type of bulb typically has a long life span? END
START what does not happen to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not covert into light? END
START what law did australia make about incandescent light bulbs? END
START how is the united states treating incandescent light bulbs? END
START what does the acronym ccfl refer to? END
START what does the acronym cfl refer to? END
START what does the acronym led refer to? END
START what type of bulb has not been replaced in many application by other types of electric light? END
START how is india treating incandescent light bulbs? END
START what does the acronym ccfl not refer to? END
START what does the acronym led not refer to? END
START what does the acronym cfl not refer to? END
START who patented an incandescent light bulb in russia in 1874? END
START what did lodygin use as a burner in his lamp? END
START in what year did lodygin demonstrate a lamp at the world's fair? END
START what did lodygin change his name to after moving to the usa? END
START when did lodygin invent his first lamp? END
START who did not patent an incandescent light bulb in 1872? END
START who did not demonstrate at the world fair in 1900 in paris? END
START when did anxander lodygin change his name? END
START who invented his first lamp in the 1700's? END
START what did lodygin not use as a burner in his lamp? END
START where did joseph swan demonstrate his lamp in january 1879? END
START which vacuum pump expert helped swan invent his lamp? END
START why was swan's first lamp not commercially viable? END
START when did swan receive a patent for parchmentised thread? END
START what was the first public building to install electric lighting? END
START who did not help swan in 1878? END
START what method did swan not develop in 1878? END
START what was not shown at a meeting of the newcastle chemistry society? END
START what was shown to an audience of 800 who attended a meeting of the literary and philosophical society of newcastle? END
START why was swan's first lamp commercially viable? END
START when did edison begin research into incandescent lighting? END
START with what material did edison make his first filament? END
START how long did edison's light burn during his first successful test in 1879? END
START what type of wood did edison use in his improved filament? END
START what was the name of the first ship to use edison's lamp? END
START who began research into developing a practical incandescent lamp?  END
START who filed his first patent application in 1890? END
START what did edison turn refuse to use after his experiment with platinum and other metals? END
START what type of material was not used in the us patent for an electric lamp in november 1879? END
START what type of material did edison use that could not last more than 1200 hours? END
START who founded electro-dynamic light company? END
START who was the chief engineer at the united states electric lighting company? END
START where did electro-dynamic light company install its first lights? END
START when did electro-dynamic light company install its first lights? END
START which company was organized first, electro-dynamic light company or united states electric lighting company? END
START who began the electro-dynamic light company in 1890? END
START whose other patents did albon man not exploit? END
START where was the first installation of incandescent lamps in 1890? END
START who was the chief architect at the united states electric lighting company? END
START who did not make their first installation until the spring of 1880? END
START who developed a heat-treating method that allowed carbon filaments to be molded into shapes? END
START when did latimer patent his "process of manufacturing carbons"? END
START which company purchased latimer's patent? END
START who employed latimer when he developed his first patent? END
START who developed an improved method of carbon filaments in 1882? END
START when did edison patent his "process of manufacturing carbons"? END
START what was not an improved method for production of a light bulb? END
START what was not purchased by the united states electric light company? END
START who did not employ latimer when he developed his first patent? END
START which inventors patented the tungsten filament lamp? END
START when did just and hanaman receive their patent for the tungsten filament lamp? END
START which company first marketed the tungsten filament lamp? END
START what type of gas fills a tungsten filament bulb? END
START what is a common alternate name for the tungsten filament bulb in europe? END
START who was not granted a patent fr the tungsten filament lamp? END
START who was granted patent no. 34540? END
START who receive their patent in 1905? END
START what type of gas does not fill a tungsten filament bulb? END
START what is not a common alternate name for the tungsten filament bulb in europe. END
START what does the acronym ler refer to? END
START what is the maximum ler possible? END
START in how many ways can one define luminous efficacy of a light source? END
START what is the definition of radiant luminous efficacy? END
START what does the acronym les refer to? END
START what may be defined in three ways? END
START what does the acronym ler not stand for? END
START what does the acronym les not stand for? END
START what is not the ratio of the visible light flux emitted to the total power input to the source? END
START what is the minimum ler possible? END
START at what temperature does a thermal radiator most efficiently produce light? END
START what is the upper limit for ler of an incandescent lamp? END
START what type of radiation makes up the majority of tungsten filament emissions? END
START what is the flaw in the color of light produced by an incandescent bulb? END
START what is the theoretical ler value of tungsten at its melting point? END
START what appears white to the human eye when it is emitted? END
START what is the lower limit for ler of an incandescent lamp? END
START what does not radiate mostly infrared radiation at temperatures where they remain solid? END
START what is not infrared or ultraviolet? END
START what known material can be used as a filament at 95 lumens per watt? END
START what is the purpose of white-balancing? END
START of incandescent lights, fluorescent lights and leds, which has the best color-rendering performance? END
START what is the color rendering index of an incandescent light? END
START why do incandescent lights have superior color rendering? END
START what is the highest possible color rendering index score? END
START what does not have an advantage in applications where color reproduction is important? END
START what is not the purpose of white-balancing? END
START what can be matched by leds or flourescent lights? END
START whose coloring rendering index is 109? END
START what does not require additional adjustments to reduce green-magenta color casts? END
START do fluorescent lights have a higher or lower luminous efficiency than incandescents? END
START how can luminescent light sources be modified to resemble the appearance of incandescents? END
START why are luminescent light sources not ideal for photography? END
START which lights have lower luminous efficiency? END
START which devices do not produce light by luminescence? END
START what lamps produce prominent spectral lines and have a broad "tail" of visible infrared emissions? END
START why are luminescent light sources ideal for photography? END
START do incandescent lights emit more, less, or the same amount of light as they age? END
START what appliance requires more energy due to the use of incandescent lighting? END
START do incandescent lights have a longer or shorter life than other lighting sources? END
START what are some factors to consider in calculating operating costs of lighting? END
START what is more cost-effective, heat from incandescent bulbs or heat from a building's heating system? END
START whose initial cost is large compared to the cost of the energy it uses over its lifetime? END
START whose light emits more light as they age? END
START what type of light has a longer life span than other sources? END
START what type of lighting system is less efficient over the course of a year? END
START do incandescent light bulbs use more or less energy as compared to cfls and led lamps? END
START how much does the incandescent light ban in europe contribute to the economy each year? END
START how much energy does the incandescent light ban in europe save each year? END
START how much co2 emissions does the incandescent light ban in europe save each year? END
START how are laws written that bring about a ban of incandescent light bulbs? END
START what type of light bulbs use less energy than alternatives? END
START what type of light source has  had measures introduced for the continued use of? END
START how much does the incandescent light ban in asia contribute to the economy each year? END
START how much co2 emissions does the incandescent light ban in asia save each year? END
START how are laws written that bring about the continued use of incandescent light bulbs? END
START is the environmental performance of cfls better or worse than that of incandescents? END
START which type of light bulbs is considered most cost effective and robust? END
START what are some objections to banning incandescent bulbs? END
START what substance in cfl bulbs raises health concerns? END
START do cfls consume more, less, or the same amount of energy as incandescent bulbs? END
START what does not contain mercury? END
START what type of light consumes much more energy and therefore strongly reduce the environmental impact of power production? END
START what does cfls's have that cause people health concerns? END
START what is regarded as the worst solution in terms of cost effectiveness and robustness? END
START which company introduced hybrid incandescent bulbs? END
START how much more efficient are halogena energy saver bulbs compared to incandescents? END
START what company first marketed light bulbs using the reflective capsule technique to increase energy efficiency? END
START what is the theoretical maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs? END
START what is the maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs as tested in labs? END
START which company did not introduce hybrid incandescent bulbs?  END
START what did not prompt philips to introduce the hybrid incandescent bulbs?  END
START what can produce about 25 im/w? END
START what is 40% less efficient than traditional incandescent? END
START which concept was not pioneered by duro-test in 1980? END
START what is the name of the air-tight glass enclosure in an incandescent bulb? END
START what is the filament made of? END
START how many conductors are present in the bulb's base? END
START what prevents air or gas leaks from a light bulb? END
START what function do small wires in a light bulb's stem perform? END
START what consists of a non-air-tight glass enclosure? END
START what is the filament not made of? END
START what allows air or gas leaks in the bulb's base? END
START what does not support the filament and its lead wires? END
START what has four conductors that provide electrical connections to the filament? END
START what is the powdery substance in coated glass light bulbs? END
START how is kaolin placed inside a light bulb? END
START what is the effect of a kaolin coating on the light cast? END
START how are christmas colored light bulbs created? END
START how does kaolin create a more gentle light? END
START what type of glass does a light bulb not have? END
START what does not coat the glass bulb? END
START what is a black, chalky clay on the inside of a glass bulb? END
START what does not produce a gentle ans evenly distributed light? END
START what is sometimes used to provide a more artificial appearing light? END
START what is the name for a base with one or more contacts at the tip and one at the shell? END
START what is the name for a lamp base with one or more contacts on the base and a shell used as a contact or used only as a mechanical support? END
START what is the purpose of contacts in the lamp socket? END
START what is the range of power ratings for incandescent bulbs? END
START which types of lamps use screw terminals for connection to wires? END
START what type of base do large lamps not have? END
START what base is not used for mechanical support? END
START what type of base does a miniature lamp may not have? END
START what does not allow the electric current to pass through the base to the filament? END
START whose power ratings range from about .0001 to .01? END
START what is a potential problem with the use of gas in a light bulb? END
START what are the ideal chemical properties for the gas in a light bulb? END
START what is the purpose of the gas in a light bulb? END
START how do gases prevent evaporation of the filament? END
START whose role is to allow evaporation of the filament? END
START what type of properties are not ideal for gas in a light bulb? END
START what does not knock the liberated tungsten atoms back to the filament? END
START what introduces heat gain from the filament? END
START what type of machine manufactures glass light bulbs. END
START how many bulbs does the average ribbon machine produce per hour? END
START how is the filament attached to the bulb? END
START how is the evacuation tube sealed? END
START what blows the glass bulbs into their characteristic shape? END
START what type of machine is not used in manufacturing light bulbs? END
START what is not passed along a conveyor belt when making bulbs? END
START what is cooled in a furnace and blown by aligned air nozzles though holes in the conveyor belt? END
START what is not sealed by a flame? END
START what material were the first light bulb filaments made from? END
START what was the primary problem with early carbon filaments? END
START what were the positive effects of the flashing process? END
START what properties of graphite improved the filament? END
START what are the effects of giving the filament a positive temperature coefficient? END
START what were the first failed light bulb filaments made from? END
START what had a positive temperature coefficient of resistence? END
START what was not a problem for early carbon filaments? END
START what were negative effects of the flashing process? END
START what did not further strengthen and did not smooth the filament? END
START what company invented the tantalum light filament? END
START in what year was the tantalum light filament invented? END
START what were the major advantages of the tantalum light filament? END
START who purchased the rights to the tantalum light filament from siemens? END
START when did ge cease production of the tantalum light filament? END
START who developed the tantalum light filament in 1905? END
START what lamps were less efficient than even graphitized carbon filaments? END
START what had a higher resistivity than carbon? END
START who bought the rights to use tantalum filaments and produce then in canada in 1913? END
START what were the minor advantages of the tantalum light filament from siemens? END
START when was the tungsten filament introduced? END
START what was the problem with manufacturing the tungsten filament? END
START who developed the ductile form of tungsten? END
START when was the ductile form of tungsten invented? END
START what other materials were combined with tungsten? END
START what was introduced in 1900? END
START what was initially available in a form that allowed it to drawn into fine wires? END
START what made filaments quite strong? END
START who did not develop the ductile form of tungsten? END
START where was william d. coolidge employed in 1902? END
START how long is a typical uncoiled tungsten filament for a 60-watt bulb? END
START what is the advantage of a coiled-coil filament over a straight filament? END
START what positive effects does a slower-evaporating filament enable? END
START what is the typical diameter of the filament on a 60-watt bulb? END
START what did not improve efficiency of the lamp? END
START how long is a typical uncoiled tungsten filament for a 40-watt bulb? END
START what are the disadvantage of the coiled coil vs a straight filament? END
START what negative effects does a slower evaporating filament cause? END
START what is the negative effect of "hot spots" forming on the filament? END
START who discovered that inert gas could slow evaporation? END
START which gases are typically used in a light bulb? END
START which type of alloys can decrease "stairstep" irregularities in light bulb filaments? END
START what is an advantage of the standard electric light bulb? END
START what do large variations in resistivity along the filament cause? END
START what evaporates slower than the rest of the filament? END
START what did irving langmuir find that would increase evaporation? END
START which gases are not typically used in a light bulb? END
START why does inert gas reduce efficiency? END
START what affects the thermal conductivity of a gas? END
START how does the molecular weight of a gas relate to thermal conductivity? END
START why is xenon gas not more widely used? END
START what is the advantage of using inert gas in a light bulb? END
START what does not reduce filament evaporation? END
START what conducts heat and heats the filament? END
START what does not affect the thermal conductivity of a gas? END
START why is xenon gas widely used? END
START what is a disadvantage of using inert gas in a light bulb? END
START what determines how fast a tungsten filament evaporates? END
START what is the typical goal for the life of a tungsten filament bulb? END
START which types of lamps may have particularly short lives? END
START what is the typical tradeoff in light bulb design? END
START what does not determine how fast a tungsten filament evaporates? END
START what is not a trade-off between efficiency and longevity? END
START what type of bulb typically has a life of 3000 hours? END
START what type of lamp has higher efficiency but are used where the cost is high compared to the value of energy used? END
START what type of lamp has a useful life of a few days? END
START what darkens a conventional bulb over its lifetime? END
START what is the iec guideline for an unacceptable level of light loss? END
START what are the primary causes of light loss? END
START where in the bulb is evaporated tungsten deposited when inert gas is used? END
START where in the bulb is evaporated tungsten deposited when a vacuum is used? END
START what lightens a conventional bulb? END
START what happens when bulbs do not contain a vacuum? END
START what is the iec guidelines for acceptable level of light loss? END
START what does not cause light loss or bulb blackening? END
START how does water vapor inside a light bulb affect lamp darkening? END
START why does water increase lamp darkening? END
START what is an example of a substance that is added to light bulbs to reduce this effect? END
START how much water is necessary to result in this darkening affect? END
START what can insignificantly affect lamp darkening? END
START what is broken into hydrogen and oxygen at the cool filament? END
START why does water decrease lamp darkening? END
START what is added to light bulbs to increase darkening? END
START how much water will significantly decrease darkening? END
START does the halogen bulp increase, reduce, or have no effect on filament evaporation? END
START how does the halogen bulb decrease darkening over time? END
START does a halogen bulb operate at a higher or lower temperature than an incandescent? END
START how does the size of a halogen bulb compare to an incandescent? END
START what is the most common situation when a halogen bulb is used? END
START what type of bulb increases uneven evaporation? END
START how does the halogen bulb increase darkening over time? END
START what type of light can operate at a lower temperature than a standard gas filled lamp? END
START what type of bulbs are much larger than normal incandescent bulbs? END
START where are halogen bulbs not widely used? END
START what did an alternate version of the incandescent lamp substitute for a wire filament? END
START what was a common application for this type of bulb? END
START when was this style of lamp developed? END
START what displaced this style of lamp? END
START what type of lamp used a hot wire filament? END
START what type of lamp did not use an arc struck on a spherical bead electrode? END
START what was not a common use for this type of bulb? END
START what type of lamp typically ran on relatively high voltages? END
START what type of lamp provided a low concentrated light that was harder to operate? END
START what does a power factor of 1 mean? END
START what principally determines the wattage of an incandescent bulb? END
START what determines the resistance of the filament? END
START how close do incandescent lamps come to pure resistive loads? END
START all other things being equal, how does wattage affect light emitted? END
START what type of lamp has a power factor of 2? END
START what does the power factor of 2 mean? END
START how are incandescent light typically not marketed? END
START what does not principally determine the wattage of an incandescent bulb? END
START how does wattage not affect light emitted? END
START what determines the resistance of a filament? END
START what does a "t" rating symbol on an electrical contact mean? END
START how long does it take a typical 100-watt bulb to achieve 90% of its brightness? END
START how does the cold resistance of tungsten filament lamps compare to the hot resistance? END
START what is the resistance of a typical lit 100-watt incandescent bulb? END
START what does not determine the actual resistance of a filament? END
START what does a "t' rating symbol on an electrical contact not mean? END
START how long does it take a typical 60-watt bulb to achieve 90% of its brightness? END
START what is the resistance of a typical lit 60 watt bulb? END
START what do the letters identify in a bulb shape designation? END
START what do the numbers identify in a bulb shape designation? END
START can the name of a certain bulb shape vary? END
START what units are the bulb sizes measured in? END
START what does not come in a range of shapes and sizes? END
START what is not different in some regions? END
START how are incandescent light bulbs not designated? END
START what must the letters not represent on a bulb? END
START what does the number not represent on a bulb? END
START which company introduced standard base sizes for incandescent lamps? END
START in what year were standard base sizes introduced for incandescent lamps? END
START what are some common technical standards for lamp bases? END
START what is the typical base type for automotive lamps? END
START what is the typical base type for halogen lamps? END
START what cannot be directly soldered to a printed circuit board in many very small lamps? END
START what do some reflector-type lamps not include for connection of wires? END
START what was introduces in the late 18th century by manufacturers? END
START who was not the first to introduce standard sizes for incandescent lamps? END
START what year was the mazda trademark rejected? END
START what level of voltage reduction is required to double the life of an incandescent bulb? END
START when did light bulb manufacturers establish a cartel to limit bulb life? END
START when did authorities break up the light bulb cartel? END
START what was the artificially low limit on bulb life placed by the cartel? END
START what is an example of a good application for a long-life bulb? END
START what level f voltage reduction is required to triple the life of an incandescent bulb? END
START what is an unacceptable trade off foe a light bulb in a difficult to access location? END
START what do general service lamps not emphasize over long operating life? END
START what happened to light companies and american manufactures in 1964? END
START when did the "centennial light" begin burning? END
START how much light does the bulb emit? END
START when did the long-lasting bulb in texas begin continuing illumination? END
START where did the texas bulb begin its life? END
START what was not accepted by the guinness book of world records? END
START what started burning in 1801? END
START what was burning almost continuously at a fire station in claremont, california? END
START what year did the long-lasting bulb in new york begin continuing illumination? END
START what was moved to an area art gallery in 1977? END
START at what temperature does a typical 50-hour-life projection bulb operate? END
START which metal has the highest melting point? END
START what is the typical life of a p1 lamp? END
START how does the color temperature differ for photographic lighting? END
START what temperature does a typical 60-hour-life projection bulb operate? END
START what lamp can achieve up to 23 lumens per watt? END
START what metal is used with the lowest melting point? END
START what is the atypical life of a p1 lamp?  END
START how many lumens per watt does a typical 100-watt, 120-volt lamp produce? END
START how does filament size relate to voltage level? END
START what is the effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature? END
START how many lumens per watt does a typical train light produce? END
START what watt lamp can produce 17.3 lumens per watt? END
START how does a filament size not relate to voltage level? END
START what is not effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature? END
START how many lumens per watt does an atypical train light produce? END
START what made power distribution economically viable in edison's lamp? END
START how many inventors came up with electric lamps before thomas edison? END
START how did edison achieve a higher vacuum than other inventors? END
START which historians wrote about the advantages of edison's lamp over other early versions? END
START how many inventors do historians list that did not invent the incandescent lamp? END
START what made power distribution economically non-viable in edison's lamp? END
START what four factors made edison's version economically viable? END
START which three historians wrote the conclusion that edison's version was more viable than other early versions? END
START what was the first football club from southern england to join the football league? END
START when did arsenal join the football league? END
START in what year did arsenal qualify to be in the first division? END
START how many league championships did arsenal win in the 1930s? END
START what was arsenal's league position ranking at the end of the last century? END
START who was the second club from the south of england to join the football league? END
START who has accumulated the most points? END
START in what division was arsenal in 1893? END
START how many league championships has arsenal won in all? END
START how many fa cup doubles has arsenal won since 2005? END
START what was the original name of the arsenal team? END
START when was arsenal originally formed? END
START when did arsenal become based in highbury? END
START in what year did arsenal move to holloway? END
START how does forbe's believe the arsenal club was worth in 2015? END
START where did arsenal play in 1886? END
START what team has the biggest fanbase in the world? END
START how much are the tottenham hotspurs worth as of 2015? END
START in what stadium do the tottenham hotspur play? END
START who founded the tottenham hotspur? END
START what group from the munitions plant in woolwich formed the arsenal club? END
START by what year had arsenal become a limited company? END
START when did arsenal move to arsenal stadium in highbury? END
START in which division was arsenal ranked by the start of wwi? END
START by 1920 where was arsenal ranked in division? END
START what was the average attendance of an arsenal's game in 1913? END
START in what year was henry norris born? END
START in what year were the tottenham hotspur formed? END
START who owned the tottenham hotspur in 1913? END
START what manager was appointed to lead arsenal in 1925? END
START what was chapman's style of tactics that provided the basis for the arsenal club's success? END
START in what decade did arsenal dominate in english football? END
START what football club manager got an underground station renamed for arsenal? END
START what was one of arsenal's first major wins? END
START what was the name of one of arsenal's coaches prior to 1925? END
START in what year was huddersfield town formed? END
START what was herbert chapman's last year as arsenal's coach? END
START who named the team arsenal? END
START when was bertie mee become manager of arsenal? END
START what position did mee hold in the arsenal club prior to becoming manager? END
START in which season did arsenal win its first european trophy? END
START for how long after arsenal's first trophy win the team do poorly competitions? END
START in what season did arsenal win their first league and fa cup double? END
START who was arsenal's manager in 1965? END
START who won the first european trophy? END
START who won the fa cup in 1972? END
START who owned the arsenal's in 1966? END
START how long was arsenal's losing streak prior to 1966? END
START on what date was bertie mee replaced by arsenal? END
START what arsenal manager replaced mee? END
START what action brought prosperity to arsenal? END
START what number of cup finals did arsenal reach in END
START in what years did arsenal get into the fa cup finals? END
START how old was bertie mee in 1976? END
START who has been the oldest manager of arsenal? END
START who was the manager of manchester united in 1979? END
START who did arsenal lose to at the 1980 european cup? END
START in what year was manchester united formed? END
START what former arsenal player became manager in 1986? END
START under the direction of graham, what trophy did arsenal win in 1987? END
START what competitor did arsenal defeat to win a league title in the 1988-89 season? END
START in what year did arsenal win their second european cup? END
START what action did graham get caught doing to get fired by arsenal? END
START in what year did george graham first play for arsenal? END
START where was the league cup played in 1987? END
START what was one of the player rune hauge gave money to george graham to sign? END
START who did arsenal beat for their 1990-91 title? END
START who did arsenal beat for their 1994 european cup match? END
START what manager in the late 1990s brought success to arsenal? END
START besides improved tactics and training, what did wenger add to the arsenal team? END
START in what season did arsenal win their second league and cup double? END
START what caused arsenal's loss to galatasarey in the 1999-2000 season? END
START what trophy did arsenal win in the 2003-2004 season without losing a match? END
START who was the manager of arsenal in 1995? END
START when was arsenal's first league and cup double? END
START who did arsenal win its fa cup over in 2003? END
START who did arsenal win its fa cup over in 2005? END
START in what year did galatasaray reach its first uefa cup? END
START including arsenal, how many  teams  had won the premier league up to 2013? END
START in what year was the premier league created? END
START what team defeated arsenal in the finals of the champions league in 2005-2006 season? END
START to what stadium did arsenal fc move in 2006? END
START for how many years did arsenal play at highbury? END
START who did arsenal compete against in the 2005-06 championship league? END
START who won the 2012-2013 championship league? END
START in what stadium does manchester city play? END
START manchester united plays in what stadium? END
START what was the first united kingdom team to reach the champion league final? END
START what famous team defeated arsenal for the league cup in 2007? END
START who beat arsenal for the 2011 league cup> END
START how many wins did arsenal have to make the team the most successful in fa cup history? END
START what team did arsenal defeat at wembley in 2015? END
START how community shield titles does arsenal have? END
START who did arsenal win the 2005 fa cup over? END
START who did arsenal beat to win their first trophy in three months? END
START in what stadium does hull city play? END
START in what stadium was the 2014 fa cup final played? END
START how many tournament titles does aston villa have? END
START in what year did arsenal first create a crest for the team? END
START what part of the arsenal crest is sometimes mistaken for chimneys? END
START after the team moved to what city were the cannon left off the crest? END
START what nickname prompted a return to the canon on the club crest? END
START in what year was the canon image further refined on the arsenal crest? END
START in what year did the metropolitan borough of woolwich develop its coat of arms? END
START in what year did the metropolitan borough of woolwich transfer to the coat of arms of the royal borough of greenwhich? END
START what was the arsenal crest from 1913 to 1921? END
START what has been the arsenal crest since 1925? END
START where did arsenal play prior to 1913? END
START what latin motto was added to the crest in 1949? END
START in 1949 what new addition was done to enhance the arsenal club crest? END
START what legal stance did arsenal use to win a law suit against a merchant? END
START in what year did arsenal produce a remodeled crest that could be copyrighted? END
START  who did arsenal supporters think should have been consulted before announcing the new crest? END
START what was arsenal's motto prior to 1949? END
START in what year did programme editor harry homer join arsenal? END
START what was the crest's initial colors in 1949? END
START in what year did arsenal finally win its trademark lawsuit against a street vendor? END
START in what year was the arsenal independent supporters' association formed? END
START what style of logo did chapman introduce in the 1930s? END
START of what is the early logo of arsenal an example? END
START where is the art deco style badge design used prominently? END
START what arsenal club nickname sometimes appeared on club shirts? END
START when was the white canon logo replaced with the club crest? END
START in what decade did herbert chapman join arsenal? END
START in what decade was arsenal nicknamed as "the gunners"? END
START what was worn on arsenal shirts prior to 1967? END
START in what art style is the white cannon drawn? END
START what celebration did arsenal have in the 2011-12 season? END
START what do the 15 oak leaves on the anniversary crest indicate? END
START what dates are depicted on the arsenal anniversary crest? END
START what motto is shown on the arsenal club anniversary crest? END
START where did the arsenal team wear the anniversary crest? END
START how many founding fathers were there of arsenal? END
START what is on top of the crest? END
START what color are the letters of "forward"? END
START what color are the laurel leaves on the crest? END
START what color are the oak leaves? END
START what has the color of the arsenal  home shirts been? END
START in recognition of what event was the color red adopted for arsenal shirts? END
START which founding members were responsible for the red shirts? END
START what was the early name for the arsenal fc? END
START what was the color  of the early uniforms' shorts and socks? END
START what color are arsenal players shoes? END
START what color were forest players shirts? END
START in what year was nottingham forest's football team founded? END
START in what year did fred beardsley first play for forest? END
START in what year did morris bates stop playing for forest? END
START what manager updated the players uniforms in 1933? END
START what brighter shade of red did chapman adopt? END
START what distinctive change did chapman make to the arsenal shirts? END
START for what style of shirts arsenal known ? END
START what did arsenal want to commemorate by wearing dark red shirts in their last season at highbury? END
START what color was arsenal's sleeves before 1933? END
START in what stadium did arsenal play after the 2005-06 season? END
START in what year did herbert chapman become manager of arsenal? END
START in what year was arsenal founded? END
START who founded arsenal? END
START what early team copied the arsenal's red current color in 1909? END
START what team in 1938 used the same style of kit, but in green? END
START by coping the arsenal team kit exactly, what nickname was given to sporting clube de braga? END
START for how long have the arsenal inspired copy-cat clubs worn their uniforms? END
START what was sporting clube de braga's original color? END
START in what stadium does sparta prague play? END
START what's the nickname of sparta prague? END
START what color kit did sparta prague wear in 1908? END
START what color are sparta prague's sleeves? END
START who won the 1920 game between arsenal and sporting clube de braga that took place at highbury? END
START during what season were arsenal's away colors white shirts and white or black shorts? END
START when did arsenal adolpt the away colors or yellow shirts and blue shorts? END
START for what competition did arsenal use the yellow and blue away kit? END
START what did arsenal consider the yellow and blue colors to be after losing a fa cup final wearing red and white? END
START what is the difference in the arsenal color of blue in the away kit after 1983? END
START what away color socks did arsenal wear for many years? END
START what color socks did arsenal players wear during the 1969-70 season? END
START what color sleeves did arsenal have in the 1969-70 season? END
START what was arsenal's home shirt colours during the 1969-70 season? END
START what color shirts were worn by liverpool players in 1971? END
START what manufacturer became arsenal's uniform provider in 1994? END
START which brand was the kit provider prior to 1994? END
START to appeal to what are the kits changed regularly? END
START what traditional arsenal colors have frequently been employed for away kits? END
START since what year has the away kit been changed every year? END
START in what year was arsenal's home colours kits last changed? END
START what color was arsenal's away colours when adidas was the kit provider? END
START what color away kit did arsenal wear during the 2002-03 season? END
START what color away kit did arsenal wear during the 2004-05 season? END
START in what year did the replica kit market start to become lucrative? END
START when did arsenal fc leave highbury stadium? END
START when did arsenal stadium at highbury first become the club's home? END
START what architect designed the original stadium at highbury? END
START in what decade was arsenal stadium overhauled? END
START when was the arsenal stadium bombed? END
START in which stadium has arsenal played since 2006? END
START who designed arsenal's new stadium, built in 2006? END
START in what year was highbury bombed? END
START in what month in 1913 did highbury open? END
START in what month in 1936 did the art deco east stands finish being constructed? END
START what was the most people that highbury stadium could host? END
START when did league regulations make arsenal reduce the seating in highbury? END
START where did arsenal play matches because of increased seating capacity? END
START during what time did arsenal play at wembley? END
START what seating capacity did wembley offer that have to lure arsenal to play there? END
START what was the maximum occupancy of highbury at its peak? END
START in what year was wembley built? END
START what's the maximum occupancy of wembley? END
START how many advertising board does wembley have? END
START what was built first, highbury or wembley? END
START when did arsenal offer a plan to build a new stadium at ashburton grove? END
START by what name was the new arsenal stadium finally known? END
START what was the amount of the emirates airline company deal? END
START of what facet of stadium naming do some fans disapprove? END
START what type of agreement is the deal with emirates ? END
START what was the east stand of highbury close to? END
START how many people could fit into highbury? END
START how much is the largest sponsorship deal in global football history worth? END
START what is clock end close to? END
START what is northbank close to? END
START what is the common nickname of arsenal supporters? END
START from what name does gooners come? END
START from what groups do the supporters of arsenal come? END
START where did the attendance at arsenal games rank in relation to other english clubs? END
START what aspect of the fan base is one of the  reasons for large game attendance? END
START in what year did arsenal fans start calling themselves, "gooners"? END
START which english club had the highest average league attendance for 2007-08? END
START which team had the highest attendance in 2015? END
START what do fans of real madrid call themselves? END
START how many people on average attend a schalke home game? END
START what type of clubs does arsenal have? END
START which fan club is closely allied to the arsenal club? END
START what supporters club is more loosely tied to arsenal? END
START what fan group wants more ownership rights in the arsenal club? END
START what is a common chant of arsenal supporters? END
START which arsenal domestic supporters' club was the first to be created? END
START which arsenal fanzine was the first to be published? END
START which was the last arsenal domestic supporter club to be established? END
START what was the latest arsenal fanzine to start publishing? END
START what medium has added to the fan base of arsenal? END
START how many supporter clubs outside britain  were there in 2007 affiliated with arsenal? END
START in 2011 what was arsenal's estimated fan base? END
START what was the world ranking of arsenal's social media in 2015-15 season? END
START in this era of satelites and social media,on what are fans now less dependent ? END
START what club had the highest social media activity during the 2014-15 season? END
START who won the 2014-15 season? END
START how many american arsenal supporter clubs are there? END
START how many people follow arsenal's social media accounts? END
START in what year did sport+markt start printing? END
START what football club is arsenal's greatest rival? END
START since the arsenal and tottenham hotspurs are geographically so close , what is the contest between them called? END
START what club has arsenal have an increased rivalry since the 1980s? END
START what competition sparked the rivalry with manchester? END
START what year's poll of supporters said that the tottenham rivalry was greatest? END
START who is chelsea's biggest rivalry with? END
START a 2008 poll showed which team is west ham united's biggest rival? END
START according to a 2003 online poll who is fulham's biggest rival club? END
START in what year was west ham united founded? END
START what are matches between chelsea and manchester united called? END
START what individual is the biggest shareholder on the arsenal board? END
START what percentage of shares in arsenal did kroenke own by 2011? END
START who is arsenal's chief executive? END
START who is kroenke's chief competitor for arsenal stock? END
START in what year did kreonke achieve take over of arsenal stock? END
START who was arsenal's chief executive prior to 2009? END
START how many shares did red and white securities own of arsenal in 2007? END
START in what month and year did david dein acquire his shares in arsenal? END
START in what country was ivan gazidis born? END
START in what year did nina bracewell-smith and danny fiszman acquire their shares of arsenal? END
START by what means does arsenal operate as a company? END
START how many shares of arsenal stock are there? END
START on march 10,2016 what was the value of a share of arsenal stock? END
START what value did forbes place on arsenal in 2015? END
START at what rank in value in the premier league is arsenal? END
START on what exchange are some uk clubs shares traded? END
START how much does forbes estimate arsenal's value to be as of 2017? END
START how much does a single share of arsenal cost as of 1-1-2018? END
START what club has the highest value as of 2015 according to henley business school? END
START where does deloitte football money league rank arsenal in the world football clubs? END
START what value does deloitte place on arsenal? END
START what is the match day earning of emirates stadium? END
START how does arsenal match day revenue compare with other stadium in the world? END
START what does arsenal report a before tax profit for 2014-15? END
START who ranks first in revenue for world football clubs? END
START how much is emirates stadium worth? END
START how much of arsenal's profits come from their footballing core? END
START how much revenue did arsenal have during the 2015-16 season? END
START how much profit did arsenal have for the 2013-14 season? END
START why was arsenal's match on 22 jan. 1927 at highbury a first? END
START what team did arsenal play at the time of the radio broadcast in 1927? END
START when was arsenal's match the first to be televised live? END
START to what first broadcast did arsenal provide match highlights? END
START in what form was arsenal's broadcast of a 2010 match against manchester united? END
START in what stadium was arsenal playing in for the first televised game? END
START on what tv channel was the 16 september 1937 arsenal exhibition game shown? END
START who won the match between arsenal and liverpool on 22 august 1964? END
START who won the match between arsenal and sheffield united on 22 january 1927? END
START in what year did bskyb televise their first arsenal game? END
START in what film was arsenal fc shown? END
START what arsenal manager had a speaking part in the 1939 film? END
START what book by nick hornby has twice been adapted for film? END
START when was hornby's book published? END
START in what decade did film and literature help revive football in britain? END
START what was the name of the 1997 movie about arsenal? END
START what was the name of the 2005 movie about the boston red sox? END
START who was the lead actor in arsenal stadium mystery? END
START what player is poisoned during the arsenal stadium mystery movie? END
START what stadium do the boston red sox play in? END
START how have arsenal players portrayed in media? END
START in what decades were arsenal players stereotyped in a negative way? END
START what film featured a arsenal play in  derogatory way? END
START which comic made numerous jokes about arsenal players? END
START what film uses characters named after arsenal full backs? END
START in what year did the movie plunkett & macleane release? END
START who are two of the characters in the full monty? END
START in what year did lee dixon join arsenal? END
START in what year was nigel winterburn's last game with arsenal? END
START who was arsenal's right-sided in 1997? END
START how many league championships has arsenal won? END
START where does arsenal's total league championships place it as compared to other english teams? END
START of what type of trophies does arsenal have the most? END
START in what competition was arsenal the first to enter the finals? END
START what team beat arsenal to win the 2006 uefa champions league? END
START what is one of the other teams that has won the fa cup twice in succession? END
START how many times has barcelona won the uefa champions league? END
START in what year was liverpool's last league championship? END
START in what year did manchester united when its first league championship? END
START which team has the second most fa cup trophies? END
START what is the name of the football club affiliated with arsenal? END
START when did the arsenal ladies team become semi-professional? END
START how does arsenal ladies rank as compared with other english women's football teams? END
START by 2009 what competition has arsenal ladies been the only ladies team to have won? END
START at what stadium do arsenal ladies usually play? END
START in what year did clare wheatley start managing arsenal ladies? END
START in what year was boreham wood built? END
START which team is the second most successful in english women's football? END
START how many times a year does arsenal ladies play at boreham wood? END
START what can clothing provide during hazardous activities? END
START what type of surfaces can clothing protect from? END
START what does clothing keep toxic materials away from? END
START what can insulate against cold or hot conditions? END
START what type of radiation can clothing provide some protection from? END
START clothing cannot protect you from what kind of activities END
START psychologically what serves many purposes? END
START what can protect you from smooth surfaces END
START what offers protection for many kinds of radiation? END
START what helps keep you warm in hot conditions? END
START what isn't it easy to determine about clothing? END
START what organism has provided some information about the timeline of clothing? END
START what habitat is the body louse specific to? END
START what may modern humans be the only survivor of several species of? END
START how many thousands of years ago may have clothing been worn? END
START what is easy to determine about clothing? END
START please have provided some information about what? END
START what habitat is the head louse is specific to? END
START headlights diverge from body lice how long ago? END
START humans are the only primates who may have what? END
START what obvious improvement does clothing bestow upon the wearer? END
START in what type of climate does clothing protect against sunburn and wind damage? END
START what property of clothing is important in cold climates? END
START what has seasonal and regional aspects? END
START what type of material tends to be worn in warmer seasons? END
START the least obvious improvement bestowed by clothing is what? END
START in cold climate clothing protects against sunburn and what? END
START what usually increases the functional need for clothing? END
START what property of clothing is important in hot climates? END
START more layers of clothing are generally worn when? END
START what variety has there been in the materials of clothing throughout history? END
START what is an article that is carried rather than worn that isn't regarded as clothing? END
START jewelry isn't considered clothing because it's usually worn purely for what reason? END
START what are footwear and hats both considered? END
START what is an example of something that serves a function other than protection? END
START there has been little variety in materials used for what? END
START all what is regarded as clothing? END
START what article of clothing is carried rather than worn? END
START jewelry is usually consider clothing because his worn for what reason? END
START footwear and hats are consider clothing rather than what? END
START what does clothing protect from things which may injure it? END
START rain, snow, and wind are what class of things clothing protects the wearer from? END
START clothing that is too sheer will offer less what? END
START what type of hazard is noxious chemicals? END
START what type of clothing do doctors wear to protect their surroundings? END
START clothing does not protect the wearer from what elements? END
START clothing that is sheer will offer more what? END
START noxious chemicals are not what kind of hazard? END
START what do doctors were to protect themselves from their surroundings? END
START what animal has shown extreme inventiveness in the clothing it has devised? END
START what are space suits an example of a solution to?  END
START what type of implication might a certain type of clothing have? END
START what value may clothing designed to be fashionable also have? END
START why are some parts of the body covered? END
START humans have shown little inventiveness in what? END
START what does not have social implications END
START what do social norms not require of clothes? END
START the distinction between clothing and what is always clear? END
START clothing that is designed to be fashionable is not also what END
START what century do dissertation on clothing first appear from? END
START what year was j. c. flgel's psychology of clothes published? END
START whose book entitled physiology of heat regulation and the science of clothing was published in 1949? END
START how much had the science of clothing in relation to environmental factors changed by 1968? END
START what have remained unchanged while the knowledge has grown? END
START what led to the first dissertation on clothing in the eighteenth century END
START who published psychology of close in 1920? END
START what field is not spending significantly since 1968? END
START the science of clothing in relation to what changed a lot by 1968? END
START considerable research has been done changing what? END
START what is an example of clothing that was once seen as exclusively for males? END
START what gender's clothing is often more practical? END
START what can males typically bare in more places? END
START what would be unlikely to raise eyebrows if a woman were to wear it? END
START what is a common opinion about men wearing women's clothing? END
START what clothing is exclusively for males? END
START female clothing is often more what? END
START males are typically not allowed to show what in public places END
START it is generally not acceptable for women to wear what? END
START in western society skirts dresses and neckties are typically seen as what? END
START who was allowed to wear gamrents dyed with tyrian purple in ancient rome? END
START who was allowed to wear feather cloaks and palaoa in old school hawaiian society? END
START what right were lower caste women required to pay a tax to acquire? END
START what country once only allowed their emperor to wear yellow? END
START what can peer pressure influence? END
START who is not allowed to wear garments dyed purple in ancient rome END
START what is not used to indicate rancor status? END
START in one country could the emperor not wear yellow? END
START what kind of laws do not regulate what people could wear END
START how was the earliest clothing kept on the body? END
START what does clothing materials do more quickly compared to stone and bone? END
START who has identified needles from about 30,000 b.c.? END
START where have flax fibers which may have been used in clothing found? END
START what dates back to 36,000 bp? END
START the earliest clothing was pinned to what? END
START clothing material deteriorates slowly compared to what? END
START where have we not yet found flax fibers END
START archaeologists have found early metal needles from when? END
START what group of people debate when humans stated wearing clothes? END
START what type of analysis has been conducted on human body lice? END
START what do lice require human clothing to do? END
START what may have the invention of clothing happened with? END
START what about the origin of clothing remains unanswered? END
START scientists are in agreement about when people begin to do what? END
START what type of analysis has been done on headlights? END
START body lice require hair to what? END
START southward migration coincided with what?  END
START most humans have lots of hair hair which leads to what? END
START various cultures have come up with ways of making clothes from what? END
START many people still wear clothes that are what shape? END
START what nationality wears kilts? END
START pins or belts hold what in place? END
START what precious material may remain uncut? END
START different cultures have evolved various ways of making whatever for? END
START few people still wear garments made of what? END
START pins are used to hold up what indian governments END
START with scottish garment is tied? END
START what are the disadvantage of making clothes from a single rectangular cloth? END
START what had somewhat became an international style by the early 21st century? END
START cultural dissemination has continued over the what? END
START what have western corporations penetrated? END
START who has been spreading western culture and styles? END
START who donates discard western clothing to people in poor places? END
START eastern clothing styles have become international styles by what century? END
START this process ended with what? END
START easter media corporations have spread what? END
START eastern close are also delivered to poor people by who? END
START what type of garment is more expensive and mass-produced? END
START safety reasons may be why someone wears this type of clothing. END
START leotards are an example of what type of garment? END
START what does spandex soak up? END
START what's an example of a form fitting garment? END
START what type of sport is wrestling considered? END
START what physical activities do not require special clothing? END
START what the spandex not soak up? END
START what are not common sports governments END
START changes keep happening because new cultural stuff meets these type of innovations. END
START what have researchers in science labs been making? END
START what elementary force can some specialized fabrics generate? END
START what can garments made with kevlar resist? END
START stain-resistant fabrics are coated with chemicals to reduce what? END
START why is clothing slow to change? END
START scientists are developing what they can serve either a functional purpose for a traditional END
START some less practical END
START stain resistant fabrics absorb what? END
START what type of conditions do many garment works endure? END
START what type of clothing is frequently the product of sweatshops? END
START what is a feature of sweatshops beyond lack of benefits and representation? END
START poor conditions found in developing countries may also be found in what type of nations? END
START what type of immigrant often staff sweatshops? END
START what workers enjoy good conditions? END
START what requires varied manual labor? END
START here my clothing is often produced in what? END
START most examples of what are found in industrial countries? END
START what transformed most industry by the 1800s? END
START the abolishing of the mfa made what possible? END
START what did the mfa put quotas on? END
START what is often identified as the reason for less than ideal working conditions for garment workers? END
START what treaty tries to set standards for worker safety and rights? END
START what country has failed to ratify sections 87 and 92 of the ilo? END
START abolishing what stopped outsourcing to low-wage countries? END
START the mfa stop quotas on what? END
START wh what is often quoted is contributing to improved working conditions? END
START what treaty lowered standards for worker safety rights? END
START india has ratified all sections of what treaty? END
START what have humans used for clothing since prehistoric times? END
START indigenous people in what zones use fur for warmth and protection? END
START using animal fur as clothing was once considered what? END
START who considers animal fur to be cruel and unnecessary? END
START what's the four letter name of an animal liberation group? END
START what has not been used for clothing since prehistoric times? END
START indigenous people in the tropics use for for what? END
START using what for clothing has always been controversial? END
START who consider animal first to be necessary END
START what's the point of ironing clothing? END
START what type of clothing is believed to look neat, fresh and clean? END
START what material doesn't easily wrinkle? END
START permanent press materials have been treated with what? END
START what does polytetrafluoroethylene suppress? END
START many what are designed to be ironed? END
START what material wrinkles easily? END
START what type of closing encourages wrinkles? END
START it does not suppress wrinkles? END
START doing what creates a rough appearance without ironing? END
START what releases formaldehyde? END
START what can cause contact dermatitis for some people? END
START what government office found high levels of formaldehyde in non-wrinkle clothing in 2008? END
START how many months of washing did a 1999 study look at? END
START how many ppm is a safe limit for direct skin exposure to formaldehyde? END
START non-wrinkle shirts do not contain what? END
START what does not cause contact dermatitis? END
START disclosure agreements exist for what? END
START it was found that the lowest levels of formaldehyde were found in what? END
START seventy-five ppm of formaldehyde is not a safe limit for what? END
START what used to be considered an art, back in the day? END
START what could an accomplished tailor or seamstress skillfully render almost invisible? END
START why did it make sense to spend time fixing cloth? END
START what is clothing considered today? END
START what type of person is likely to replace zippers and buttons? END
START what is still considered an art today? END
START a mediocre tail or seamstress could make it so what? END
START when cloth was worth less than the labor it made sense to do what? END
START what is not considered a consumable item today? END
START what is more expensive than the labor required to repair it? END
START what american professional baseball team is located on the north side of chicago, il?   END
START what league are the chicago cubs in? END
START where do the chicago cubs play their home games? END
START who currently owns the  chicago cubs? END
START when did the chicago cubs play their first game? END
START what year did the chicago cubs' name become official?  END
START what other team besides the chicago cubs is tied for being the oldest currently active u.s. professional sports club? END
START what year did the cubs record a major league record of 116 wins? END
START what is the winning percentage the cubs posted that still stands today? END
START who was the first team to play in three consecutive fall classics? END
START how many world series have the cubs appeared in? END
START who did the cubs began play as? END
START when the cubs started playing, who was their owner? END
START where did the white stockings play their home games? END
START who assumed ownership of the cubs after hulbert died? END
START what year did the white stockings capture their third consecutive pennant? END
START while anson led the chicago cubs how many national league pennants did they win? END
START what did the chicago cubs become know as by 1890? END
START who was the first player in history credited with collecting 3,000 career hits? END
START who did spalding sell the cubs to in 1902? END
START who nicknamed the franchise the cubs in 1902? END
START who wrote the poem baseball's sad lexicon? END
START who holds the longest championship drought in north american professional sports? END
START who obtained a large block of the cub's shares in 1914? END
START who assumed majority ownership of the cubs franchise by the 1916 season? END
START who did albert lasker bring in to be his partner of the chicago cubs? END
START where did the cubs move to after leaving the west side grounds? END
START what year did hack wilson have one of the most impressive seasons in mlb history? END
START how many games in a row did the cubs win in a row during 1935? END
START what year did the cubs win the nl pennant? END
START why were the first three games of the 1945 world series played in detroit? END
START where were the final four games of the 1945 world series played? END
START in what game was the curse of the billy goat allegedly laid upon the cubs? END
START what was ejected from wrigley park because of it's bad odor? END
START who had been a key player in the 1945 season? END
START what season was phil cavarretta a key player for the cubs? END
START who was fired during spring training in 1954 after admitting the cubs were unlikely to finish above fifth place? END
START who managed the cubs in 1969? END
START the cubs built a substantial lead in what league under management of leo durocher? END
START when did ken hoitzman pitch a no-hitter? END
START who threw a surprise pickoff attempt to third baseman ron santo? END
START during what decade did the cubs become known as "the loveable losers"? END
START what is often pointed to as the one reason for the cubs' inconsistent late season play? END
START what year did the cubs experience one of their biggest collapses? END
START what year did the cubs hire gm dallas green? END
START where was gm dallas green from? END
START what team had dallas green managed in 1980? END
START who shored up the 1984 roster with a series of transactions? END
START when was scott sanderson acquired from montreal? END
START when did lf gary matthews and cf bobby dernier come from philadelphia to the cubs? END
START when did green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation? END
START why did green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation? END
START who was the 1979 nl rookie of the year pitcher? END
START where had rick sutcliffe been before moving to the cubs? END
START what contest shift the cubs' fortunes?  END
START what had the contest between the cubs and the st. louis cardinals been dubbed as? END
START how many game-tying home runs did sandberg get against the cardinals at the sandber game? END
START in what year did the league have two divisions?  END
START the division winners met in what kind of series to advance to the world series? END
START where were the first two games of the 1984 division winners held? END
START why did the cubs need to host their home games at an alternative site? END
START where was it rumored that the cubs could home their home games? END
START comiskey park was the home to what team? END
START who had the home field advantage in 1983? END
START who easily won the first two games in the nlcs? END
START where did the cubs easily win the first two games of the nlcs? END
START who did the cubs play against in the first two games of the nlcs? END
START what year was the first full season with night baseball at wrigley field? END
START who was rookie of the year in 1989? END
START who was rookie of the year runner-up in 1989? END
START who did the cubs meet in the nlcs during 1989? END
START what legendary broadcaster died in the '98 season? END
START who was affectionately known as "h-rod"? END
START how many round-trippers did rodriguez slug in his first season in chicago? END
START who put together a good season for the cubs in 2001? END
START who was brought in to preach "positive thinking"? END
START who hit a three run walk off homer off of closer tom "flash" gordon? END
START when did the cubs promote assistant general manager and player personnel director jim hendry? END
START what was jim hendry promoted to? END
START who did the cubs hire in response to jim hendry's promotion? END
START in what game did florida shut the cubs out? END
START what pitcher led the cubs in game 6? END
START who hit the foul ball that several spectators attempted to catch? END
START what year did most media outlets pick the cubs to win the world series? END
START who was acquired in a trade with florida for hee-seop choi? END
START who was the mid-season deal for? END
START who did the cubs trade after leaving the final game early and lieing about it? END
START who was a controversial figure due to a corked-bat incident? END
START what popular commentator left during the '04 season? END
START who verbally attacked steve stone? END
START how many wins did the cubs finish the nl central with in 2006? END
START who was signed to a contract at 8 years for $136 million? END
START who replaced dusty baker as the cubs manager? END
START what  chunichi dragons  start was signed to the cubs in 2008? END
START who was acquired from the oakland athletics in early july? END
START who was named rookie of the year in 2008? END
START who pitched a no-hitter against the astros on spetember 14th? END
START when did the ricketts family acquire a majority interest in the cubs? END
START who did chicago engage in a see-saw battle for first place into august 2009? END
START what plagued the cubs in 2009? END
START who debuted as the starting shortstop in early may 2010? END
START when did starlin castro debut as the starting shortstop? END
START who announced on august 22nd they were leaving the cubs prematurely?  END
START why did lou piniella leave the cubs prematurely? END
START how many games under .500 did the cubs finish the 2011 season with? END
START who was the new owner of the cubs? END
START who did the new owner of the cubs sign from the boston red sox? END
START how much was the contract given to theo epstein worth? END
START who did the cubs trade to the texas rangers for mike olt, c.j. edwards, neil ramirez, and justin grimm? END
START who did the cubs send to the new york yankees for minor leaguer corey black? END
START when did theo epstein made the decision to fire dale sveum? END
START how many seasons did dale sveum spend with the cubs before getting fired? END
START when did the cubs announce that joe maddon had signed a five-year contract to be the 54th manager? END
START who did the team sign on december 10, 2014 as a free agent? END
START how much was jon lester's contract worth? END
START what was the record the cubs finished with during the 2015 season? END
START when were the cubs and new york giants involved in a tight pennant race? END
START who were the cubs involved with for a tight pennant race on september 23, 1908? END
START who was the runner on first base? END
START when was game three of the world series between the cubs and the new york yankees? END
START who allegedly hit a home run to the center? END
START when did babe ruth retire? END
START when did hack wilson set a record of 56 home-runs and 190 runs-batted-in? END
START who broke lou gehrig's mlb record of 176 rbi? END
START when did manny ramirez get his 165 rbi? END
START what was wilson named by the baseball writer's association of america?  END
START when did protesters run into the outfield and try to set fire to the u.s. flag? END
START what stadium did protesters try to burn the u.s.  flag? END
START who grabbed the flag before protesters could light it on fire? END
START when did sammy sosa explode into pursuit of roger maris' home run record?  END
START who was in pursuit of roger maris' home run record? END
START sammy sosa was in pursuit of beating whose home run record? END
START what award did sammy sosa win? END
START when did the cubs record their 10,000 regular-season win? END
START who did the cubs record their 10,000 regular-season against? END
START when was the beginning of the national league? END
START how many batters did kerry wood strike out against houston? END
START when did kerry wood strike out 20 batters against houston? END
START kerry wood struck out 20 batters against what team? END
START when was the last time the chicago cubs win a world series championship? END
START when was the last time the chicago cubs appeared in the fall classic? END
START what is the longest championship drought in all four of the major north american professional sports leagues? END
START the championship drought has led to the chicago cubs being know as what? END
START who was the first and only player to hit a pitched ball onto the roof of a five-story building across waveland ave? END
START when did the first and only player to hit a pitched ball onto the roof of a five-story building across waveland ave? END
START who barely missed the scoreboard when he launched a home run ball onto sheffield avenue? END
START when did the cubs sign a developmental agreement with the kane county cougars? END
START the cubs had a class a minor league affiliation on two occasions with who? END
START when did the cubs announce a move of their top class a affiliate from daytona to myrtle beach? END
START who began spring training in hot springs, arkansas in 1886? END
START who is the founder of spalding sporting goods? END
START whittington park, majestic park, and fogel field were all built where? END
START where is the cubs' current spring  training facility located? END
START how many seats are in the cubs' sloan park training facility? END
START when did sloan park open? END
START where is rendezvous park? END
START where is blair field? END
START between what years did the club hold spring training in scottsdale, arizona? END
START who had a majority interest in cataline island  in 1919? END
START what did wrigley construct on the island to house the cubs in spring training? END
START when did the cubs choose to leave catalina island? END
START where was the former location in mesa? END
START how many square feet does fitch park provide? END
START when was the spring training home of the oakland athletics built? END
START who manned the cubs radio and tv booth for parts of five decades? END
START what was jack brickhouse's trademark call? END
START what did jack brickhouse do when he approached his retirement age? END
START how long was harry caray's tenure  with the cubs? END
START how did caray become a well-known chicago figure? END
START how long had caray been a st louis cardinals icon? END
START who did harry hand-pick himself? END
START who did caray often playfully quarrel with? END
START why did caray often playfully quarrel with stone? END
START what does the crowd sing during the 7th inning to honor caray's memory? END
START what company purchased the  cubs in 1981? END
START how much did tribune company purchase the cubs for? END
START how long were the cubs ran under the wrigley family? END
START what was "baseball's sad lexicon" also known as? END
START who wrote "baseball's sad lexicon"? END
START what poem did franklin pierce adams write?  END
START what is the official cubs team mascot? END
START what is the official cubs team mascot's name? END
START when did clark make his debut? END
START what did "the bear-man" wear as an outfit? END
START during what season were "cubbie-bear" mascots outside of wrigley on game day? END
START who played billy cub? END
START what is another unofficial well-known mascot? END
START what is ronnie known for to wrigley field visitors? END
START what did harry caray dub wickers? END
START where is wrigley field located? END
START what is the area surrounding the ballpark typically referred to? END
START what have many apartment buildings  surrounding wrigley field built on their rooftops? END
START when did tom ricketts and crane kenney unveil plans for a five-year funded renovation of wrigley field? END
START how much money has been funded to the renovation of wrigley field? END
START how big is the jumbotron going to be? END
START what nickname has been given to the fans who sit in the bleacher section at wrigley field? END
START who heads the current group? END
START what did bud light dub the bleacher section? END
START what year did a group of chicago cubs fans form the emil verban society? END
START where were the emil verban society founders based in? END
START who currently heads the emil verban society? END
START what year was the single "hey hey! holy mackerel! (the cubs song)" produced?  END
START what was the name of the album several members of the cubs recorded? END
START what did the cubs song incorporate? END
START when was take me out to a cubs game released?  END
START how many songs are on the take me out to a cubs game album? END
START when was harry caray's final performance of "take me out to the ball game"? END
START what film depicts the chicago cubs defeating a baseball team from miami in the 2015 world series? END
START what team failed to make it to the playoffs in 2015? END
START what day were the cubs swept by the new york mets in the nlcs? END
START in what year did the korean war begin? END
START what caused the start of the korean war? END
START what country was divided at the end of world war ii? END
START which country aided south korea during the war? END
START when did the korean war end? END
START what nation ruled korea in 1910? END
START what part of korea did the soviet union occupy? END
START who occupied korea south of the 38th parallel? END
START what united nation's committee considered the invasion of korea to be an act of aggression? END
START how many countries assisted in the defense of south korea? END
START at the beginning of the conflict, where were south korean forces pushed back to? END
START in 1950, what country got involved in the war? END
START how many times did the control of seoul change? END
START on land, where was the last two years of the war fought? END
START what type of combat was seen for the first time in the history of war? END
START in, china what is the war officially called? END
START what did macau and hong kong call the korean war? END
START when is the term 'chaoxian war' used as a name for the korean war? END
START along with taiwan, what empire was korea considered to be apart of? END
START who was the colonial governor-general that mandated cultural assimilation of korea's people? END
START what language were the korean people forced to learn? END
START what policy forced koreans to change their names to japanese names? END
START in 1939, what caused nearly 2 million koreans to be forced into the labor force or the army? END
START how many japanese forces were in korea in 1945? END
START where were 723,000 koreans sent to work? END
START who did japan collaborate with to help control the citizens of korea? END
START by 1945, what percentage of koreans made up the japanese labor force? END
START what army were korean men conscripted into? END
START what job were colonels dean rusk and charles h. bonesteel iii given? END
START what two areas was korea divided into? END
START what order was the division of korea included in? END
START who had to agree to the us's decision to divide korea at the 38th parallel? END
START what was a factor in deciding where to divide the occupation zones? END
START who accepted japan's surrender? END
START what was general hodge appointed the head of? END
START what government was not recognized by the u.s. army military government in korea? END
START why was the people's republic of korea not recognized? END
START who did general hodge restore power to, resulting in protests? END
START what is the civil disobedience caused by the railroad worker's strike called? END
START when was the daegu uprising? END
START how many people attacked the yeongcheon police station? END
START when did the pusasn railroad strike begin? END
START how did the usamgik respond to the uprisings? END
START what did the joint commission's lack of progress cause the us government to do? END
START why did the korean communists and the soviets refuse to cooperate in the elections and creation of independent korea? END
START when was the south korean general election held? END
START what problems did the elections face? END
START who held parliamentary elections on august 25, 1948? END
START when was south korea's constitution created? END
START who was elected president of south korea on july 20, 1948? END
START what year was the republic of korea established? END
START who led the russian koran zone of occupation? END
START what two groups were excluded from the south korean political process? END
START who supported the chinese communists during the civil war in manchuria? END
START what two groups were fighting in the chinese civil war? END
START what did the chinese communists want? END
START what army did north koreans serve in during the civil war? END
START how much material did the north koreans give to the chinese communists? END
START what country helped north korea invade south korea? END
START when was the people's republic of china created? END
START what caused a problem within the korean communist party? END
START who led the faction that challenged kim-il-sung? END
START who did china pledge to support if a conflict should occur between north and south korea? END
START what country did china see as a threat to the people's republic of china? END
START where was it believed that that fight against communism would take place? END
START to show their strength in the international communist movement, what did china do? END
START who did america support during the chinese civil war? END
START when did the soviets first detonate a nuclear bomb? END
START what treaty did stalin and china enter into? END
START what country did not prevent a communist victory in china? END
START who was convinced that the us did was no longer interested in korea? END
START where did stalin engage in an aggressive political strategy? END
START who had to agree to send reinforcements for stalin to give permission for the invasion of korea? END
START who did the soviets not want to engage in conflict? END
START what concern did mao have about the south korean invasion? END
START who needed soviet financial and military aid? END
START what did mao's assistance allow north korea to accelerate? END
START who did the soviets send to north korea? END
START where did the conflict in south korea begin? END
START what were the generals sent to north korea collectively called? END
START when did the generals finalize their attack strategy? END
START who called for korean elections in 1950? END
START who rejected the peace gesture? END
START what did kim il-sung do after the peace overture was rejected? END
START why did kim's war plan need revising? END
START when did kim il-sung call for the haeju conference? END
START who primarily initiated the clashes along the 38th parallel? END
START what group trained the republic of korea army? END
START what general had a lot of confidence in the republic of korea's army? END
START who wanted to take over north korea? END
START who was the diplomat that visited korea? END
START who provoked a conflict by crossing the 38th parallel? END
START where did the fighting begin? END
START who claimed to have taken control of haeju? END
START who questioned the claim that south korean did not provoke the kpa? END
START who was the korean people's army trying to execute? END
START who, along with members of the south korean government, fled south korea? END
START what bridge were refugees attempting to cross when it was blown up by the south korean army? END
START how many south korean national assemblyman pledged their allegiance to seoul? END
START what did south korea do to cause members of the south korean military unit to become trapped near the han river? END
START what day was the city of seoul captured? END
START what country was believed to provide a counterbalance to china's and the soviet union's involvement in korea? END
START which president decided to intervene after realizing that japan's security would be affected by the hostility in korea? END
START why was south korea important to the us? END
START what affected america's response to the situation in south korea? END
START what was the truman administration concerned about that was preventing them from getting involved in the korean conflict? END
START what agency approved the use of force in south korea? END
START why did the us not send in ground troops after the united nations approved the use of force? END
START who believed that if the issues in korea were not dealt with the communist aggression would spread? END
START what resources did the us devote to south korea after the security council approved engaging in an armed conflict? END
START who condemned the actions of north korea? END
START which permanent member of the un security council boycotted council meetings in protest of taiwan's seat in the united nations? END
START what resolution encouraged security council members to send military assistance to the republic of korea? END
START who accused the united states of beginning an armed intervention in south korea? END
START what did un security council resolution 82 accomplish? END
START what country challenged the legitimacy of the korean war? END
START where did the intelligence information that led to the passage of resolution 83 come from? END
START what type of vote is required for the security council to commit to military action in korea. END
START how many permanent members did the un security council have? END
START what charter did the us believe was violated by intervening in the korean conflict? END
START how many infantry divisions did n. korea have engaged in the war? END
START what was the maximum number of north korean troops engaged in the war? END
START how many reserve soldiers did north korea have? END
START what type of naval ships did the south and north koreans have? END
START what was the problem with the rok army? END
START who declined the rok's request for tanks? END
START in what country did the us maintain air forces and garrisons? END
START who reported that south korea's military was not ready for combat? END
START which secretary of state did president truman hold discussions about how the us would respond to the invasion of south korea? END
START the north korean invasion of south korea was compared to what event? END
START what did the us not want to see repeated? END
START the us involvement in the korean war was important to achieving what goal? END
START what report discussed the united states's goals for containing communism? END
START why was the us naval blockade not feasible? END
START why was the us not able to provide an adequate response to the korean invasion? END
START who was tasked with reorganization and deploying of the us military? END
START who was forced to retreat back to the pusan peninsula due to unpreparedness? END
START who stated that winning the war does not excuse putting us troops into a bad situation? END
START what general provided material to the republic of korea and evacuated us nationals? END
START who disagreed with the idea of unilaterally bombing the north korean military? END
START what fleet was sent to the taiwan strait? END
START fearing the provocation of communist china, what country's request for combat troops did the us deny? END
START who is the chinese premier that called the actions of the us and the united nations an act of aggression? END
START what battle is considered the us's first significant fight in the korean war? END
START which infantry division was involved in the battle of osan? END
START where was the 24th division forced to retreat to what location? END
START at what battle did the 24th infantry division suffer major losses? END
START in what country is the us's task force smith located? END
START how did the kpa hurt the republic of korea's intellectual core? END
START who was held responsible for the actions of the kpa? END
START where did the eighth united states and rok get pushed back to? END
START what body of water provided a natural border to the un command-controlled pusan perimeter? END
START how much of korea was under the control of the united nations? END
START why did zhou enlai want a commitment the soviet union to commit to supporting the chinese troops? END
START where did north korea predict that macarthur would enter korea? END
START who helped north korea prepare for war by surveying the country? END
START where did the chinese military deploy troops in preparation for the arrival of us troops? END
START even though it was predicted that the korean war would end in august, who was less than optimistic about the prediction? END
START which army was trying to capture teague and the naktong bulge? END
START what did the us air force's daytime attacks cause the kpa to do? END
START why did the soviet union complain about the action of the us to the un security council? END
START along with india, what other nation was to determine the how much the us would have to compensate china? END
START why did india and sweden never determine how much the us would compensate china? END
START where in the united states was the tank battalion located? END
START what is korea's largest port? END
START besides the united states, what other country sent military personnel to korea? END
START who had the fewest number of troops in korea? END
START who was able to counterattack and move the kpa away from the pusan perimeter? END
START why did general macarthur suggest an amphibious landing at inchon? END
START who did general macarthur ask to plan the amphibious attack? END
START where did the 1st infantry deploy from? END
START why were kpa forces unable to adequately defend themselves against un forces? END
START who initially opposed general macarthur's landing plan? END
START what corps included 40,000 men from the 1st marine division? END
START who coordinated the efforts of the rok army, marine corps and the us army to stage a successful battle? END
START whose nickname was 'task force lynch'? END
START what was the 106 mile push through enemy territory called? END
START who was defeated near seoul, korea? END
START who was sent to korea to act as an advisor to kim il-sung? END
START why did kim il-sung redeploy his military troops? END
START who was not being briefed on the operational plans or the number of troops in combat? END
START when was it advised for north koreans to attempt to defeat the opposing forces at inchon? END
START what emergency session was called by stalin? END
START how many troops made it back to the kpa lines after retreating? END
START who was held responsible for the defeat of north korean troops? END
START who reclaimed the seoul? END
START what city was left vulnerable by north korea's quick retreat? END
START what memorandum stated the circumstances for engaging in conflict above the 38th parallel? END
START who controlled the newly restored government of the republic of korea? END
START who sent a message to macarthur giving him the authority to proceed past the 38th parallel? END
START who executed people who were believed to be loyal to north korea? END
START what year did the executions stop? END
START who vowed to intervene if the us was to engage in conflict north of the 38th parallel? END
START the tactics zhou enlai advised the north koreans to use during their withdrawal was the same the chinese used to escape event? END
START who believes that the north koreans only appeared to fail to effective execute their withdrawal plan? END
START what may have been north korea's goal in the way they rapidly withdrew from south korea? END
START who's control did the chinese communists escape in the 1930's? END
START who issued a statement calling for north korea's unconditional surrender? END
START who authorized giving troops the ability to follow the north korean forces north? END
START how did the 187 airborne regimental combat team prevent north korean leaders from fleeing? END
START how many north korean prisoners of war were held by un forces? END
START what did president truman do to prevent hostilities between the people's republic of china and taiwan? END
START what year did china decide to enter the war? END
START what provoked china to join the war? END
START where did mao zedong declare that he would intervene in the korean conflict? END
START what was discussed at the emergency talks held by chinese leaders? END
START who was a proponent for intervening in korea? END
START who was lin biao replaced with when he declined to lead the chinese troops in korea? END
START who convinced the chinese leaders who were against entering the war that it was a good idea? END
START what did mao zedong's reinvented pla north east frontier force become? END
START where did zhou travel with a chinese delegation to convince stalin to support china? END
START how long did the soviet air force need to prepare to assist END
START where did stalin say he would allow the soviet air force to operate for a limited amount of time? END
START when did stalin agree to send china any type of support? END
START where did the fighting take place that rendered soviet air support useless to the chinese? END
START what made seeing the pva units difficult during the day? END
START what were pva troops told to do when planes flew by? END
START how many days did it take pva forces to march 286 miles? END
START what were pva officers supposed to do if troops disobeyed the security protocol? END
START when would pva forces march to minimize the chances of being seen? END
START who did not capture the city of namchonjam? END
START what was the capital city in the north? END
START where did kim il-sung temporarily move the capital? END
START what caused the north koreans to move their capital for the second time? END
START when was pyongyang captured? END
START where did president truman and general macarthur meet on october 15, 1950? END
START who refused to meet on continental united states? END
START what was president truman told at this meeting? END
START who was not concerned about the idea of chinese troops moving south into korea? END
START what was believed would happen if the chinese entered the conflict? END
START who initiated the first phase offensive? END
START who did the first phase offensive motivated to send more troops and resources to korea? END
START when did the chinese and us military have their first confrontation in korea? END
START where did un forces retreat to when the pva executed their sneak attack? END
START what is unusual about the pva's successful, surprise attack? END
START whose retreat during the korean war was the longest in the history of the us army? END
START whose actions helped the eighth army be able to retreat? END
START how many casualties did the 1st marines face at the battle of chosin reservoir? END
START what tactics of the pva were us and rok troops not prepared to handle? END
START who did the pva 13th army group force out of northwest korea? END
START whose death was not a direct casualty of the war? END
START why did the x corps leave hungnam? END
START what effect did the death of general walton walker have on the troops? END
START what was the name of the ship responsible for undertaking the largest rescue operation by a single ship? END
START what did the presidential proclamation no. 2914, 3 1950 do? END
START what year was the presidential proclamation lifted? END
START who was stripped of their commanding rights by china? END
START what country was condemned for their participation in the conflict in korea? END
START what is the third phase offensive also known as? END
START why goals were accomplished the the kpa and pva's use gongs during these attacks? END
START how did some un troops react to the use of noise? END
START what did the pva and kpa gain by using the tactics during the third phase offensive END
START who was commanding the u.s. eight army at the time of the third phase offensive? END
START why was the pva unable to advance beyond seoul? END
START what caused general ridgway to initiate operation roundup? END
START what facilitated the success of operation roundup? END
START what city was recaptured as a result of the ridgway's operation? END
START how was the pva transporting supplies at one point? END
START what to be achieved by the sancheong-hamyang and geochang massacres in south korea? END
START who's attack resulted in victory at hoengseong? END
START what is considered to be the the korean war's equivalent to gettysburg? END
START what did the french battalion's efforts do to the pva forces? END
START how many pva soldiers fought in this battle and lost? END
START what operation was initiated after the successful operation roundup? END
START what the the goal of the operation that followed operation roundup? END
START what signified the end of operation killer? END
START how many times was seoul captured in a year? END
START other than the drastic decrease in population, what other issue did the people in seoul face? END
START why did stalin send two air forces divisions and other assistance to the chinese? END
START what issues plagued the pva throughout the war? END
START what was a great concern of many chinese troops? END
START what was zhou's ineffective response to the issue plaguing the pva? END
START what did china introduce to the war in 1951? END
START who was relieved from his duties as commander in korea? END
START who did not have faith in macarthur's claim that victory was the only respectable outcome? END
START what mistake did macarthur make regarding the 38th parallel? END
START what did truman want to see happen in korea? END
START whose involvement in the war was found to be in violation of the constitution? END
START who was appointed supreme commander in korea after the removal of general macarthur? END
START what was the goal of operation tomahawk? END
START who was responsible for supply humanitarian aid to civilians? END
START under the guidance of generals van fleet and ridgway, joint forces were able to achieve what goal? END
START what was the fifth phase of the chinese counter initiative called? END
START what may have began as an effective series of attacks by the chinese regained what area? END
START what ended with the armistice of 1953? END
START how many armies did the chinese use in the fifth phase offensive? END
START where was line kansas located? END
START where did armistice negotiations occur? END
START what did the un command want to achieve with the armistice talks? END
START what tactics were used by the pva to coax the un command to continuing the war? END
START was there a cease fire during the talks? END
START who directed the armistice negotiation for the chinese? END
START when was the battle of white horse? END
START what year was the battle of bloody ridge? END
START what was the shortest of the major battles fought during the stalemate? END
START did the un troops or chinese troops experience more war casualties? END
START what did zhou enlai do as a result of the significant amount of chinese casualties? END
START what was the purpose of the shengyang meeting? END
START did the actions of the chinese fix their problems? END
START who believed that neither side would see a victory at the end of the korean war? END
START what meeting was conducted to discuss the pva's problems? END
START what actions were taken to help the pva? END
START who ended up in charge of logistics as a result of the restructuring of the pva? END
START how long did the armistice talks last? END
START what issues stalled the armistice talks? END
START what was deemed unacceptable to north koreans and the chinese during pow negotiations? END
START when was the armistice agreement finally signed? END
START what was established to deal with the issues surrounding prisoners of war? END
START who did the us elect as president during the korean war? END
START who approved the korean war armistice that officially declared a ceasefire? END
START what area was created by the parties involved in the korean conflict? END
START along with the joint un commands, roka and kpa, what country also still patrols the demilitarized zone? END
START what was one of the first things that the newly-elected dwight eisenhower did after the election? END
START where is the capital city of kaesong now located? END
START what area is directly north and south of the 38th parallel? END
START when was the armistice agreement signed? END
START was there ever an official peace treaty after the war? END
START who believes that they were victorious in the war? END
START what was the point of operation glory? END
START how many us service members were exchanged during this operation? END
START where are the remains of the 416 unidentified soldiers who died in the korean war? END
START how many remains were recovered from the sino-korean border between 1996 and 2006? END
START why is north korea insisting that the 1953 armistice was violated? END
START when did north korea call an end to the armistice? END
START in 2013, who what country did north korea declare war on? END
START what weapon does north korea claim it now has the ability to use? END
START how does the united states view north korea's threats?  END
START what form of attack was an effective measure of slowing korean armor? END
START what weapon did the the kpa use that was successful early in the korean conflict? END
START what helped the un forces and shifted the war in their favor? END
START what actions of the un also helped them improve their results during the war? END
START how many tanks were in the north korean tank corps? END
START why were naval skirmishes not really seen in the korean war? END
START who pretty much gained and maintained control of the sea? END
START who dominated any battles that may have taken place at sea? END
START where was the last sea battle of the korean war? END
START what type of ships did the us spend most of its time sinking? END
START what weapon posed a significant threat to us navy ships? END
START how many us warships were damaged by gun fire and mines? END
START where were the majority of us naval patrols of korea? END
START who denied having anything more than an advisory role in the korean war? END
START who ignored the direct participation of the soviet union to prevent expanding the korean war to the soviet union? END
START what may have occurred if the war was expanded to the soviet union? END
START what did the soviet pilots start doing when accused of playing an integral role in the korean war? END
START who feared engaging in direct conflict with the united states? END
START what plane did the us send to korea to counter the power of the mig-15? END
START to mitigate the loses of the b-29, what did the us air force do? END
START what was the mig designed to be? END
START what are the rights of a content creator that has their work protected? END
START how do creators of content protect their work from infringement? END
START who is protected by copyright laws? END
START what is it called when someone uploads a video to youtube without the creators permission? END
START you wrote a song that was based on an original work, what is this called? END
START how do creators of content not protect their work from infringement? END
START what are the rights of a content creator that has their work unprotected? END
START who is unprotected by copyright laws? END
START you wrote a song that was based on an unoriginal work, what is this called? END
START what is it called when someone uploads a video to youtube with the creators permission? END
START how are disputes resolved for small scale infringement? END
START why has copyright infringement increased recently? END
START what are two examples of groups that allow you to make copies of protected works? END
START what are content creation industries focusing on doing to prevent infringement? END
START what can happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale? END
START what are two examples of groups that allow you to obtain copies of protected works? END
START how are disputes unresolved for small scale infringement? END
START why has copyright infringement decreased recently? END
START what are content creation industries focusing on doing to aid infringement? END
START what can't happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale? END
START what are two examples of groups that disallow you to make copies of protected works? END
START what terms are often linked to people who illegally use or distribute content that is not their own? END
START what means the same as robbery or illegal violence at sea? END
START what kind of property is copyright used for? END
START what is the difference between robbery and piracy? END
START in the 1980's, the supreme court ruled that infringement does not equal what? END
START what terms are often linked to people who legally use or distribute content that is not their own? END
START what doesn't mean the same as robbery or illegal violence at sea? END
START what kind of property is copyright not used for? END
START what is the same about robbery and piracy? END
START in the 1980's, the supreme court ruled that infringement equals what? END
START what did the royal charter give to the stationers' company of london? END
START how does article 12 of the 1886 berne convention for the protection of literary and artistic works use the term piracy? END
START what would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original is protected by copyright law? END
START when was the agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights enacted? END
START piracy has been more recently described online in relation to what? END
START what did the royal charter not give to the stationers' company of london? END
START how does article 21 of the 1886 berne convention for the protection of literary and artistic works use the term piracy? END
START what would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original isn't protected by copyright law? END
START when was the agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights repealed? END
START piracy has been less recently described online in relation to what? END
START when you are accused theft as it relates to copyright law, you are exercising exclusive rights without what? END
START what have courts said there is a difference between? END
START in dowling v. united states, what did bootleg records not constitute? END
START what is the separate term of art to define misappropriation of copyright? END
START what did the court say was invaded? END
START when you are accused theft as it relates to copyright law, you are exercising exclusive rights with what? END
START what haven't courts said there is a difference between? END
START in dowling v. united states, what did bootleg records constitute? END
START what is the separate term of art to define appropriation of copyright? END
START what did the court say was evaded? END
START what is a possible cause of copyright infringement? END
START who did texas software company apptricity write software for? END
START how many users were paid for in 2004? END
START how much was the lawsuit settled for? END
START who is an example of a major anti-piracy organization? END
START what is an impossible cause of copyright infringement? END
START who did texas software company apptricity write hardware for? END
START how many users weren't paid for in 2004? END
START how much was the lawsuit rejected for? END
START who is an example of a minor anti-piracy organization? END
START what did cara cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people want? END
START what had the festival done for the past three years when the statement by cara cusumano was made? END
START it was the first year of tribeca featuring a showcase of producers who do what? END
START what behavior is not just done by people who want content for free? END
START what did cara cusumano say about piracy in 2013 that people want? END
START what did cara cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people don't want? END
START what had the festival not done for the past three years when the statement by cara cusumano was made? END
START it was the last year of tribeca featuring a showcase of producers who do what? END
START what behavior is just done by people who want content for free? END
START who made clear the motivations of the filmmakers? END
START who encourages watching movies at a theater as making money from the film? END
START what is restricted to ensure the largest number of people see a movie at the theater? END
START what is restricted unless the film has a traditional theater release? END
START who made unclear the motivations of the filmmakers? END
START who discourages watching movies at a theater as making money from the film? END
START what is restricted to ensure the smallest number of people see a movie at the theater? END
START what is restricted to ensure the largest number of people see a movie at home? END
START what is unrestricted unless the film has a traditional theater release? END
START what researchers conducted a study in the early part of may 2014? END
START how many people were part of the study? END
START what was the age range of people studied? END
START who did downloaders want to help by avoiding studios and record companies? END
START what researchers conducted a study in the later part of may 2014? END
START how many people weren't part of the study? END
START what was the age range of dogs studied? END
START who did uploaders want to help by avoiding studios and record companies? END
START who did downloaders want to hurt by avoiding studios and record companies? END
START even though piracy adds costs to production, what else is offered to developing countries? END
START what do the tradeoffs of digital piracy support? END
START in what country is the issue of digital infringement social? END
START what is in high demand in this country? END
START what does the government of this country provide to businesses that produce content? END
START even though piracy adds costs to production, what else is offered to established countries? END
START what don't the tradeoffs of digital piracy support? END
START in what country is the issue of digital infringement anti-social? END
START what is in low demand in this country? END
START what does the government of this country provide to non-businesses that produce content? END
START what happens when a country bans a movie? END
START who did documentary maker ilinca calugareanu write an article for? END
START what was irina margareta nistor's job in romania? END
START what did a visitor give to nistor? END
START how many movies did nistor dub for secret viewings in romania? END
START what happens when a country accepts a movie? END
START who did documentary maker ilinca calugareanu draw a picture for? END
START what was irina margareta nistor's job in bulgaria? END
START how many movies did nistor dub for public viewings in romania? END
START what did a visitor take from nistor? END
START in the u.s., where is copyright infringement contested? END
START who did mgm studios file a lawsuit against? END
START in 2005, who did the supreme court rule in favor of? END
START what did p2p file sharing services market themselves as? END
START what studio's case decision was not overturned? END
START in the u.s., where is copyright infringement uncontested? END
START who did mgm studios not file a lawsuit against? END
START in 2015, who did the supreme court rule in favor of? END
START what did p2p file sharing services not market themselves as? END
START what studio's case decision was overturned? END
START who can be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in some jurisdictions? END
START what do outside lawyers take infringers to court for? END
START what do critics usually call these lawyers? END
START what do these lawsuits have in the u.s.? END
START who can't be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in some jurisdictions? END
START who can be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in all jurisdictions? END
START what do inside lawyers take infringers to court for? END
START what do critics never call these lawyers? END
START what don't these lawsuits have in the u.s.? END
START when was the first criminal part of copyright law in the u.s. added? END
START what type of penalty was made for unlawful performances that are willful and for profit? END
START what did a criminal infringer do to be prosecuted? END
START what must a prosecuter show after the basic elements of infringement? END
START what is the threshold of the number of copies and the value of the works? END
START when was the last criminal part of copyright law in the u.s. added? END
START what type of penalty was made for lawful performances that are willful and for profit? END
START what did a criminal infringer not do to be prosecuted? END
START what mustn't a prosecuter show after the basic elements of infringement? END
START what isn't the threshold of the number of copies and the value of the works? END
START when was united states v. lamacchia contested? END
START at the time, what infringement could not be prosecuted under criminal copyright law? END
START what loophole did the ruling give rise to? END
START if there is no profit involved, what would happen to criminal charges of fraud? END
START when was united states v. lamacchia not contested? END
START at the time, what infringement could be prosecuted under criminal copyright law? END
START what loophole didn't the ruling give rise to? END
START what loophole did the ruling kill? END
START if there is profit involved, what would happen to criminal charges of fraud? END
START what federal law did the united states pass in 1997, in response to the lamacchia loophole? END
START what is the maximum prison time for infringement under the new law? END
START what is the maximum monetary fine under the new law? END
START how much were statutory damages raised by? END
START what was the law called that let people be immune to prosecution? END
START what federal law did the united states pass in 1999, in response to the lamacchia loophole? END
START what is the minimum prison time for infringement under the new law? END
START what is the minimum monetary fine under the new law? END
START how much were statutory damages lowered by? END
START what was the law called that let people be immune to persecution? END
START what directive in 2001 let european union countries to enact laws that allowed making copies for personal use? END
START what was the directive not intended for? END
START compensation to the rights-holder is generally a levy or what else? END
START what is an example of a country that has no levies collected? END
START what are examples of general purpose storage devices? END
START what directive in 2010 let european union countries to enact laws that allowed making copies for personal use? END
START what was the directive intended for? END
START compensation to the rights-holder is never a levy or what else? END
START what is an example of a country that has all levies collected? END
START what are examples of specific purpose storage devices? END
START what does the personal copying exemption explicitly need? END
START what is an example of a country that the exemption was assumed? END
START when did the court of justice of the eu make a ruling about distinction? END
START in which country is downloading from a file-sharing network no longer legal? END
START what does the personal copying exemption explicitly not need? END
START what is an example of a country that the exemption wasn't assumed? END
START when didn't the court of justice of the eu make a ruling about distinction? END
START in which country is uploading from a file-sharing network no longer legal? END
START in which country is downloading from a file-sharing network always legal? END
START what is the u.s. law that uses the wipo copyright as it's title i? END
START what is it called when someone intentionally breaks encryption on a movie or game? END
START anticircumvention exemptions are generally seen to be be what? END
START what are child safety and public library software used to filter? END
START what is the u.s. law that doesn't use the wipo copyright as it's title i? END
START what is the u.n. law that uses the wipo copyright as it's title i? END
START what is it called when someone unintentionally breaks encryption on a movie or game? END
START anticircumvention exemptions are generally not seen to be what? END
START what are adult safety and public library software used to filter? END
START what includes internet portals, software and games? END
START what examples provide virtual information? END
START news, universities and libraries and archives are examples of what? END
START what is an important element of the world wide web? END
START what excludes internet portals, software and games? END
START what includes internet portals, hardware and games? END
START what examples provide actual information? END
START news, universities and libraries and archives aren't examples of what? END
START what is an unimportant element of the world wide web? END
START who did early court cases focus on? END
START what could be sued for under civil or criminal law? END
START what was the result of early law on online liability? END
START when were the first laws of liability passed? END
START who didn't early court cases focus on? END
START who did late court cases focus on? END
START what couldn't be sued for under civil or criminal law? END
START what was the result of early law on offline liability? END
START when were the last laws of liability passed? END
START what law enacted in the u.s. in 1998 gave online intermediaries limited statutory immunity? END
START how is this law characterized in the u.s.? END
START in the e.u., what are the governing principles for isp's? END
START what is it called when intermediaries cannot be given an order by governments to monitor what happens on their services? END
START what was attempted to be amended in 2009 to support new ways to prevent copyright infringement? END
START what law rejected in the u.s. in 1998 gave online intermediaries limited statutory immunity? END
START how is this law characterized in the u.n.? END
START in the e.u., what aren't the governing principles for isp's? END
START what is it called when intermediaries cannot be given an order by governments to ignore what happens on their services? END
START what was attempted to be amended in 2007 to support new ways to prevent copyright infringement? END
START what do certain type of intermediaries not do? END
START what protocol do intermediaries use that include a torrent tracker? END
START what do torrent files not contain? END
START what is a torrent site that uses magnet links to share peer-to-peer? END
START what do certain type of intermediaries do? END
START what protocol do intermediaries not use that include a torrent tracker? END
START what protocol do intermediaries use that exclude a torrent tracker? END
START what do torrent files contain? END
START what is a torrent site that uses magnet links to block peer-to-peer? END
START what is the legal status of secondary liability? END
START what makes peer-to-peer networks different than other online providers? END
START what was the initial purpose of the bittorrent protocol? END
START what are the reasons for more complex network configurations in peer-to-peer software development? END
START what is the legal status of primary liability? END
START what makes peer-to-peer networks the same as other online providers? END
START what was the final purpose of the bittorrent protocol? END
START what wasn't the initial purpose of the bittorrent protocol? END
START what are the reasons for more simple network configurations in peer-to-peer software development? END
START what does article 10 of the berne convention call certain uses that limit copyright? END
START where are minimal quotations commonly used? END
START what categories do works that would normally be considered infringing fall into? END
START what do these statutes represent? END
START what are these statutes essential to? END
START what does article 11 of the berne convention call certain uses that limit copyright? END
START what does article 10 of the berne convention not call certain uses that limit copyright? END
START where are maximum quotations commonly used? END
START what categories do work that wouldn't normally be considered infringing fall into? END
START what don't these statutes represent? END
START what is it called when a law disallows copyright owners from denying a license for certain uses? END
START what are two examples of this licensing? END
START what happens if a royalty is paid to the copyright owner or representative? END
START what country has fair dealing laws? END
START what is it called when a law allows copyright owners from denying a license for certain uses? END
START what is it called when a law disallows copyright owners from accepting a license for certain uses? END
START what aren't two examples of this licensing? END
START what happens if a royalty isn't paid to the copyright owner or representative? END
START what country has no fair dealing laws? END
START where was the public relations consultants association ltd v newspaper licensing agency ltd case contested? END
START whose copyright were news aggregators infringing on? END
START when was the second part of the case decided? END
START what did the courts rule was not infringement? END
START where was the private relations consultants association ltd v newspaper licensing agency ltd case contested? END
START where was the public relations consultants association ltd v newspaper licensing agency ltd case not contested? END
START whose copyright weren't news aggregators infringing on? END
START when was the second part of the case undecided? END
START what did the courts rule was infringement? END
START if a work must include a degree of originality, what else must it contain to be protected? END
START what is not protected? END
START what makes a copy of an original idea infringing? END
START what limitation is only embodied in case law, rather than statues? END
START if a work must exclude a degree of originality, what else must it contain to be protected? END
START if a work must include a degree of originality, what else mustn't it contain to be protected? END
START what is protected? END
START what makes a copy of an unoriginal idea infringing? END
START what limitation is only embodied in case law, and also in statues? END
START which country needs a similarity requirement to determine if the work was copied? END
START what test might courts require software to pass to determine if it is protected or infringing? END
START what has software case law determined about r&d, effort and expense put into creation? END
START which country needs a similarity requirement to determine if the work wasn't copied? END
START which country doesn't need a similarity requirement to determine if the work was copied? END
START what test might courts require hardware to pass to determine if it is protected or infringing? END
START what test might courts require software to pass to determine if it isn't protected or infringing? END
START what has hardware case law determined about r&d, effort and expense put into creation? END
START who takes different steps to prevent infringement? END
START what is the major focus of these steps? END
START what kinds of legislation are a strategy for preventing infringement? END
START what does drm and anti-circumvention laws do? END
START who takes different steps to allow infringement? END
START who never takes different steps to prevent infringement? END
START what is the minor focus of these steps? END
START what kinds of legislation aren't a strategy for preventing infringement? END
START what doesn't drm and anti-circumvention laws do? END
START how have governments lowered infringement rates? END
START besides upholding international treaty, what else have countries done specifically to digital works and uses? END
START what law in the us considers digital transmission of audio to be licensed if certain conditions are met? END
START what else does this law provide to service providers? END
START who does this law target? END
START how have governments increased infringement rates? END
START besides upholding international treaty, what else haven't countries done specifically to digital works and uses? END
START what law in the un considers digital transmission of audio to be licensed if certain conditions are met? END
START what else doesn't this law provide to service providers? END
START who doesn't this law target? END
START what do some copyright owners do by reducing the scope of infringement? END
START what must a user do under a prepared license? END
START besides lessening the burden on the courts, what is the effect of this license? END
START what is an example of a free software license? END
START what works do creative commons licenses generally apply to? END
START what do some copyright owners do by increasing the scope of infringement? END
START what mustn't a user do under a prepared license? END
START besides heightening the burden on the courts, what is the effect of this license? END
START what is an example of a paid software license? END
START what works do creative commons licenses generally not apply to? END
START how long is a movie typically released in theaters for? END
START during this time, how are digital versions of the movie transported in data storage devices? END
START what can be done to a movie to only allow it to show at certain times? END
START what can be coded to films to find the source of illegal copies? END
START what inferior versions of movies are available for piracy during the theatrical run of a movie called? END
START how long is a movie atypically released in theaters for? END
START during this time, how aren't digital versions of the movie transported in data storage devices? END
START what can't be done to a movie to only allow it to show at certain times? END
START what can be coded to films to find the source of legal copies? END
START what superior versions of movies are available for piracy during the theatrical run of a movie called? END
START what 2010 body found how difficult it is to accurately report the financial impact of infringement? END
START how many commanly cited estimates did the body report on? END
START what did the fbi use as a source? END
START what report said the data could not be substantiated or traced to a reliable data source? END
START what 2010 body found how easy it is to accurately report the financial impact of infringement? END
START what 2010 body found how difficult it is to inaccurately report the financial impact of infringement? END
START how many uncommonly cited estimates did the body report on? END
START what didn't the fbi use as a source? END
START what report said the data could be substantiated or traced to a reliable data source? END
START who did a study in 2007 regarding the five countries with the highest rates of software piracy? END
START which country had the lowest rate of software piracy? END
START which region had the highest loss? END
START how much did the eu lose? END
START where was the lowest amount of u.s. dollars lost? END
START who did a study in 2000 regarding the five countries with the highest rates of software piracy? END
START who did a study in 2007 regarding the five cities with the highest rates of software piracy? END
START which country had the highest rate of hardware piracy? END
START which region had the highest gain? END
START how much did the eu gain? END
START who else did the bsa issues a report in 2011 with? END
START what percentage of people admit to pirating software? END
START what was the commercial value of pirated software in 2011? END
START what nation had the higest piracy rate? END
START what was the u.s.'s piracy rate? END
START who else did the bsa issues a report in 2001 with? END
START what percentage of people admit to pirating hardware? END
START what was the commercial value of pirated hardware in 2011? END
START what nation had the lowest nonpiracy rate? END
START what was the u.n.'s piracy rate? END
START who reported that piracy took $12.5 billion from the u.s. economy? END
START how much money have retailers lost? END
START how many production-level jobs were lost? END
START which government lost $422 million in potential tax money? END
START who reported that piracy gained $12.5 billion for the u.s. economy? END
START how much money have retailers made? END
START how many production-level jobs were gained? END
START how many production-level jobs weren't lost? END
START which government made $422 million in potential tax money? END
START what book did professor aram sinnreich write? END
START what did sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site? END
START what was the industry going through? END
START what does he call the merging of economic, political and technological forces that drove the music industry? END
START what book did professor aram sinnreich read? END
START what book didn't professor aram sinnreich write? END
START what didn't sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site? END
START what wasn't the industry going through? END
START what doesn't he call the merging of economic, political and technological forces that drove the music industry? END
START what was the estimated total value of pirated software in 2010? END
START who accounted for over half the total? END
START  what did the established markets receive for the first time? END
START what country has the highest retail value of software? END
START what percentage of software in africa is illegal? END
START what was the estimated total value of pirated software in 2000? END
START what was the known total value of pirated software in 2010? END
START who accounted for less than half the total? END
START what did the established markets receive for the last time? END
START what country has the lowest retail value of software? END
START on what peninsula is greece located? END
START how many geographic regions make up greece? END
START how long is the coastline of greece? END
START how many of greece's islands are inhabited? END
START what is the tallest mountain in greece? END
START who was the first person to bring all of greece together? END
START who was the son of philip of macedon? END
START greece came part of what empire in the 2nd century bc? END
START when was the greek orthodox church started? END
START what year is considered the beginning of modern greece? END
START greece is one of the members who founded what organization? END
START which political philosophy does greece follow? END
START when did greece join the eurozone? END
START greece has the biggest economic power where? END
START what is one of the names the greeks call their country? END
START what is the official name of greece? END
START from what word is greece derived? END
START what does the work graecia mean? END
START who called greece graecia? END
START humans in the balkans have been dated to what year? END
START evidence of the earliest humans were found in what subterranean formation? END
START the franchthi cave has evidence of what 3 ancient eras? END
START greece has evidence of stone age people during what time period? END
START what activity led to greece having some of the earliest stone age settlements? END
START ancient greece is considered to be where what was born? END
START what was the last civilization to rule greece? END
START the mycenaean civilization deteriorated in what time period?  END
START around 1200 bc, what was the fall of the regional civilizations called? END
START what is the time period called from which no writing can be found. END
START when did the olympic game begin? END
START the literary work "the odyssey:, was written by whom? END
START what year is considered the be the last of the dark ages? END
START magna graecia is latin for what term? END
START in what year is democracy considered to have begun? END
START in 500 bc, greece was ruled over by who? END
START what battle did persia lose in 490 bc? END
START the spartans made their last stand at what battle location? END
START the battles between the greeks and persians are known as what? END
START after the persians left europe, the time period that followed was called what? END
START the war from 431-404 bc is known as what?  END
START what often caused strife between greek states? END
START who won the peloponnesian war? END
START who eventually brought the greeks together? END
START who was the first leader of a unified greece? END
START who controlled macedon after alexander died? END
START the roman empire became more controlling of greece starting in what year? END
START macedon lost what war in 168 bc? END
START in what year did greece become a part of rome? END
START the end of antigonid rule began in what year? END
START what roman emperor became the ruler of all of greece? END
START what saying by horace became famous? END
START what famous roman figure visited greece in 66 ad? END
START what famous grecian author inspired later authors and their works? END
START what hero of rome studied greek philosophy and science? END
START in what language was the first book of the bible conceived? END
START what religion did early greece practice? END
START the olympics were last held in ancient greece in what year?  END
START paganism was forbidden by what roman emperor? END
START which emperor closed the school in athens? END
START when did the slavs invade greece? END
START what invading marauders caused havoc in the balkans during the 4th century. END
START after the slav's invaded, the government only controlled what areas? END
START the byzantine began taking back territories during the last of what century? END
START the byzantine had control over most of greece in what century? END
START slavs that were caught were moved to what area? END
START a stable greece allowed it to have what? END
START greece was split into sections of different rulers in what year? END
START constantinople once again became a capital  in what year? END
START the grecian islands in the 14th century were under the control of who? END
START in 1261 constantinople was the capital for which empire? END
START a lot of greece was lost by whom in the 14th century? END
START at the start of 15th century, the biggest byzantine city was what? END
START constantinople was overcome by who in 1453? END
START the ottomans controlled mainland greece in what year? END
START who had a large impact on the renaissance?  END
START the ottomans controlled what islands b y the end of the 15th century? END
START the venetians had control of which two islands in the 15th century? END
START the ottomans took which islands from the venetians? END
START in what year were the ionian islands captured by the french? END
START who gained control of the ionian islands in 1809? END
START due to discrimination, some christians converted to what religion? END
START what is the name of one of the churches that ruled over the christian population? END
START which empire thought that christians were inferior? END
START the battle of of lepanto took place in what year? END
START the morean war took place during which years? END
START the orlov revolt took place in what year? END
START the orlov revolt was for which nation's supposed benefit? END
START during battles of the 1600 and 1700's, the greeks usually fought against who? END
START greece's dark ages is thought of as what time periods? END
START greek merchants ruled the trade industry in which century? END
START who published greek documents that espoused greek independence? END
START rigas feraios was killed by ottoman assassins in what year?  END
START in which year did the society of friends begin? END
START the society of friends goal was what? END
START the society of friends was also known by what name? END
START the first of several revolutions began when? END
START war was started with the ottomans when? END
START in what year did the greeks take tripolitsa? END
START who was the leader of the greek revolt in 1821? END
START the greek and ottoman navy fought in which waters? END
START turks and egyptians attacked greek island in what years? END
START how many successive civil wars occurred between greek clans? END
START who did egypt send to greece with an army? END
START ibrahim pasha landed with his army when? END
START in what year did missolonghi fall to the egyptians? END
START ibrahim pasha finally faced defeat where? END
START what three countries sent their navy to greece? END
START which navy's ships intended to attack hydra? END
START which navy won the battle of hydra? END
START the recognition of a greek state happened in what year? END
START what was the agreement that recognized greece as a state called? END
START in 1893 greece announced what? END
START to pay off the people they owed, greece had to accept what? END
START the people of greece that had higher education saw what dialect as beneath them? END
START a hot topic in greece in the 19th century was what? END
START war between russia and the ottomans began in what year? END
START a revolt lasted for 3 years on which greek island? END
START in what year did the treaty of berlin occur? END
START what divided greece into two political groups? END
START how many governments did greece have in world war 1? END
START when greece entered world war i, on whose side did they fight? END
START greece's multiple governments came together in what year? END
START what years did the greco-turkish war take place? END
START after world war i, greece wanted to expand into what area? END
START an exchange of people between greece and turkey took place under what agreement? END
START in what time period did the genocide of greeks take place? END
START who caused the deaths of thousands of greeks? END
START how many greek refugees came from turkey? END
START pontian and cappadocian refugees were relocated to where? END
START demotic speaking greek refugees were placed where? END
START the greek monarchy was abolished when? END
START in 1924, what was established? END
START who became the greek leader in 1935? END
START the greek monarchy was reestablished by who? END
START in what year did a coup take place and new dictatorship form? END
START how many greeks starved due to nazi occupation? END
START in what years did thousands of greeks starve? END
START what civilian group in greece fought against nazi occupation? END
START how many greek citizens were displace due to nazi retaliations? END
START who founded the pasok? END
START what does pasok stand for? END
START in what year did greece rejoin nato? END
START greece joined what later became the european union when? END
START earthquakes hit both greece and turkey in which year? END
START greece is where geographically? END
START where does greece's coastline place in world rankings? END
START how long is greece's coastline? END
START how tall is mount olympus? END
START the tallest mountain in the pindus range is what? END
START how tall is mt. smolikas? END
START where does the pindus mountain range end? END
START islands in the aegean sea are formed by what? END
START what is the deepest gorge in the world? END
START the saronic gulf is near what city? END
START the cyclade islands are located where? END
START the north aegean islands are located where? END
START the dodecanese islands are located where? END
START the sporades islands are located where? END
START greece's climate is mainly of what type? END
START greece's climate is affected by what range? END
START east of the pindus mountains, the climate is drier due to what? END
START the climate of greece in the northwest is known as what? END
START the alpine climate of greece gets what kind of weather? END
START northern greece inland features what type of climate? END
START it has been known to snow even in what southern city? END
START greece's plant distribution belongs to what? END
START how many ecoregions occupies greece? END
START the pindus and balkan ecoregions are known as what? END
START the crete ecoregion is known as what? END
START the illyrian ecoregion is known as what? END
START what type of republic is greece? END
START what is the title of the leader of greece? END
START who elects the president of greece? END
START how long does the president of greece serve? END
START greece's constitution has how many articles? END
START the constitution was amended to reduce the president's power in what year? END
START who has the most political power in greece? END
START the prime minister is elected by who? END
START who formally names the prime minister? END
START how many members are in greece's parliament?  END
START how often are elections help for parliament? END
START parliamentary statutes are put into effect by who?  END
START in may 2012, who started the parliamentary elections? END
START what led to the loss of power of traditional greek parties?  END
START who became the second major party after the elections? END
START what caused the second election of 2012?  END
START what was the demographic result of the second election? END
START who is the head for greece's foreign policy? END
START who is the present minister of foreign affairs? END
START the goal of the ministry of foreign affairs is what? END
START greece is though of as what kind of power? END
START greece has how much strategic importance? END
START what type of military service does greece require? END
START can females be drafted into the military? END
START what is the length of military service required of men? END
START at what age might men required to serve in the national guard? END
START how many regions exist in greece since 2011? END
START how many municipalities exist in greece?  END
START what went into effect on january 1, 2011? END
START what is the one autonomous area in greece? END
START where is mount athos located? END
START the largest sector of greece's economy is what? END
START what percentage of the economy is greece's service sector? END
START what percentage of the economy does agriculture comprise? END
START how many tourist visited greece in 2009? END
START greece holds what rank among most visited countries in the world? END
START greece's economy is what size? END
START what rank does greece hold as an albania investor? END
START what rank does greece hold as an bulgaria investor? END
START greece is the largest foreign investor of what area?  END
START ote is known as what? END
START what classification does the greek economy hold? END
START greece help found what economic organizations? END
START when was greece accepted into the european union? END
START when did greece start using the euro as its currency? END
START what was greece's former currency? END
START what was used to hide debts? END
START swaps allow greece to do what? END
START what other country hid its debt through swaps? END
START what can legally be overcome with swaps? END
START where is the greek merchant navy ranked? END
START how many ships does the greek merchant navy have? END
START where does greece rank in number of tankers? END
START where does most of greece's visitors come from? END
START how many of greece's visitors are from europe? END
START what is the single nation with the most visitors? END
START which part of greece is the most visited? END
START northern greece gets how many visitors? END
START how long is the greek railway system? END
START a current railway upgrade plans to do what? END
START a new modern rail connection has been made between which two cities? END
START in recent years, what usage has risen dramatically? END
START how much did internet usage increase in one year? END
START where does greece rank in the work with communications? END
START greece has been a member of what agency since 2005? END
START greece and esa signed their first agreement in what year? END
START when did /greece apply for esa membership? END
START greece is ranked as what member of esa? END
START greece became a full esa member when? END
START what greek scientist invented the pap test? END
START who found the tomb of philip ii of macedon? END
START what greek won the 2007 turing award? END
START what greek won the 2002 knuth prize? END
START what greek won the 2005 knuth prize? END
START what is the religious minority in greece? END
START the muslim minority is mostly located in what city? END
START immigrants from albania are usually what religion? END
START greek muslims were in a population exchange with what country? END
START how many greek natural citizens are catholic? END
START how many roman catholic immigrants are in greece? END
START how many protestants live in greece?  END
START how many churches does the biggest protestant denomination have? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses are in greece? END
START when did the greek language dispute take place? END
START when was the greek language katharevousa created? END
START which language was considered the language of the people? END
START what language was made the only official variation in 1976? END
START from which language did dimotiki evolve? END
START what is the language spoken by most greeks? END
START greeks who speak the pontic dialect came from where? END
START which greek dialect is barely spoken currently? END
START from which language did the tsakonian language derive?  END
START muslims make up how much of the greek population? END
START minority languages have been reduce due to what? END
START in parts of the country, romani is spoken by who? END
START what groups are called vlachs? END
START where are slavic speaking groups generally found? END
START macedonia has how many slavic speakers? END
START greece's jewish community spoke what language traditionally? END
START the urums are known to speak what dialect? END
START in 2001, how many greek residents were not citizens? END
START in 2001, what was the population percentage of resident non-citizens? END
START from where did most non-citizen residents come?  END
START what is the total albanian population in greece? END
START greece is a major destination for what to enter? END
START in 2012, most illegal immigrants entered greece from where? END
START immigrants arriving by sea are coming mainly for what reason? END
START how many immigrants arrived by sea in 2015? END
START what percentage of sea immigrants asked for asylum in greece? END
START paideia is also known as what? END
START the first european university was created in what city? END
START when was constantinople taken over by the ottoman? END
START greece's secondary education has how many school types? END
START what is one type of greece's secondary education? END
START what type of institute does secondary education also include? END
START what type of education do vocational institutes provide? END
START what is one of the education sectors according to the framework law? END
START how long do the tertiary institute courses last? END
START examinations for tertiary institutes are given at what grade level? END
START at what age may students be admitted to hellenic university through lottery? END
START what is the oldest university in the eastern mediterranean?  END
START what kind of health care exists in greece? END
START where does greece's health care system rank out of 191 countries surveyed? END
START what rank does greece hold for the condition of mothers and new born babies? END
START in 2010, how many hospitals were there in greece? END
START in 2011, plans were made to decrease hospitals to how many? END
START where did greece culture begin? END
START what do historians credit with revitalizing greek culture? END
START the evolution of grecian culture has evolved over what time period? END
START ancient greece was the birthplace of what? END
START what did greece's political philosophy affect? END
START greeks were pioneers in many scientific fields that require what? END
START modern greek theater began when? END
START modern greek theater was influenced by what? END
START what was the first theater of modern greece? END
START what was the first greek opera? END
START who created the first opera, the parliamentary candidate?  END
START which disciple of plato was considered the most important? END
START plato's philosophy attempted to explain life from what standpoint? END
START aristotle's philosophy was based from what standpoint?  END
START what is the name of two schools of philosophy? END
START what are two works by homer? END
START during what time period did homer write the iliad and the odyssey? END
START who were two major lyrical poets? END
START when did drama first begin in history? END
START what year did cinema first appear in greece? END
START in what year did the first cinema theater open in greece? END
START in 1914 what was the name of the film company that was founded? END
START what was the first greek feature film? END
START who directed the first nude scene in greek film history? END
START which time period is considered the golden age of greek cinema?  END
START during the greek cinema golden age, how many films were made each year? END
START who directed the movie o drakos in 1956? END
START who directed the movie stella in 1955?  END
START who wrote the movie stella in 1955? END
START what other famous movie did cacoyannis direct? END
START who starred in the movie zorba the greek? END
START what film won the palme d'or at cannes in 1998? END
START who directed the film eternity and a day? END
START what is a characteristic of the mediterranean diet?  END
START the epitome of the mediterranean diet are dishes from where? END
START what food can be traced back to ancient greece? END
START what is added to almost every dish in greece? END
START what is the name of one sweet dessert in greece? END
START what is one of the flavorings commonly used in greek mediterranean food?  END
START what is one of the sweet spices greeks like to use with meat? END
START greek vocal music goes back how far in history? END
START what is one of the musical instruments used in ancient greece?  END
START during ancient greece, at what age were boys taught music? END
START the eastern orthodox church resisted what change in music? END
START music without any form of instrumental accompaniment is known as what?  END
START one type of music derived from byzantine is called what? END
START what are the two cycles of the greek folk song? END
START between what centuries was the akritic cycle of greek song created? END
START which greek song cycle expresses the life of the greeks? END
START what was the forerunner of greek modern song? END
START athenian serenades were most successful during what time period? END
START what influenced greek modern song considerably? END
START what music began associated with the lower classes? END
START rebetiko was the base of what?  END
START one of the leading performers of the laiko genre is who? END
START through which islands was european classical music introduced to the greeks? END
START when was the first school of modern greek classical music formed? END
START who is considered the greek national school of music founder? END
START who is one 20th century greek composers that has had an impact on modern classical music? END
START what is one of the famous movies greek composers has scored? END
START who is one of the greek composers known for their film scores? END
START who is one of the notable greek opera singers in the 20th century? END
START how many time has greece participated in the eurovision song contest? END
START in what year did greece win the eurovision song contest? END
START what greek song won the eurovision song contest in 2005? END
START who performed the song, my number one, in the 2005 eurovision song contest? END
START where was the 51st eurovision song contest held? END
START greece is the birthplace of what sporting event? END
START the first olympic games was recorded in what year? END
START where were the first olympic games in 775 bc held? END
START during the olympic parade of nations, who is always called first? END
START what ranking does greece hold in all-time summer olympics gold medal count? END
START what ranking did the greek national football team hold in 2014. END
START greek was crowned the european champions in what event? END
START how many national teams have won the uefa european championship? END
START how many teams are in the greek super league? END
START who is one of the most successful teams in the greek super league? END
START the greek national basketball team held what world ranking in 2012? END
START the greek national basketball in 2012 held what ranking in europe? END
START how many times has the greek national basketball team won the european championship? END
START who did the greek basketball team beat in the 2006 fiba world championship? END
START what is the name of greece's top domestic basketball league? END
START in what year did greece's women's water polo team win the world championship? END
START which medal did greece's women's water polo team win at the 2004 summer olympics? END
START which medal did greece's women's water polo team win at the 2005 world league? END
START the greece men's water polo team held which world ranking in 2005? END
START who did greece men's water polo team beat in the 2005 world aquatics championships? END
START the greek men's national volleyball team has won how many bronze medals? END
START the greek men's national volleyball team came in what place in the olympic games? END
START what greek volleyball club is the most successful in the country? END
START who is the only greek volleyball club to win european titles? END
START where did the mythical greek gods live? END
START the main gods of ancient greece known as the what? END
START the most important of the ancient gods was who? END
START zeus was married to which goddess? END
START who was zeus's sister? END
START greek law says that every sunday of the year is a what? END
START how many official greek mandatory public holidays are there? END
START how many greek national holidays are there each year? END
START what is one of the holidays regulated by law as optional? END
START in 2012, what was the amount of the bailout? END
START how much debt to creditors was greece suppose to reduce? END
START in what year did greece realize a budget surplus? END
START how much did greece make from a bond sale in 2014? END
START after how many years did it take for greece to gain back growth in the economy? END
START alexander iii was the son of whom? END
START alexander iii invaded what empire after his father was killed? END
START what year did alexander iii invade persia? END
START the persian empire was conquered by alexander by what year? END
START in which year did alexander iii die? END
START in how many countries does shell have operations? END
START how many barrels of oil equivalent does shell produce per day? END
START shell has how many service stations worldwide? END
START what is the name of shell's subsidiary in the united states? END
START shell has minor renewable energy activities in which two areas? END
START how many barrels of gas does shell produce per day? END
START how many service stations does shell have in the us? END
START what does shell sell 3.1 million barrels of per day? END
START how many countries does shell have renewable energy activities in? END
START which aspect of the oil and gas industry is shell not active in? END
START the royal dutch shell group was created through the merger of which two rival companies? END
START what was the main reason for the creation of the royal dutch shell group? END
START in what year was the royal dutch shell group created? END
START in what year was the royal dutch petroleum company founded? END
START why was the royal dutch petroleum company created? END
START what was august kessler born? END
START what was hugo loudon's brother? END
START when was the samuel brothers' father's antique company created? END
START what was the name of marcus samuel's father's antique company? END
START what percent of ownership did the merger award the dutch branch? END
START what prevented a full-scale merger of the two companies? END
START what was the primary function of the anglo-saxon petroleum company? END
START the new firm operated as what type of company? END
START what percent of ownership of the new company was awarded to the british? END
START what encouraged a full-scale merger of the two companies? END
START what british company was in charge at the hague? END
START what city were both branches of the new firm located in? END
START what was the name of the dutch company in charge of transportation and storage? END
START why did the two companies function as a dual-unit partnership for business purposes? END
START in what year was it announced that the shell group would move to a single capital structure? END
START what was the name of the shell group's new parent company? END
START on what exchange was the shell group's new parent company primarily listed? END
START where was the royal dutch shell plc headquartered? END
START what was the cause of the period of turmoil prior to the announcement that the shell group would move to a single capital structure? END
START when was it discovered shell had been overstating its oil reserves? END
START when was shell listed on the lse? END
START when was royal dutch petroleum added to the nyse? END
START contrary to the original ownership, shareholders were given what disadvantage of the shell group? END
START what netherlands city housed the registered office? END
START in what year did shell and cosan form a 50:50 joint venture? END
START what was the name of the 50:50 joint venture formed by shell and cosan? END
START why did shell sell some of its assets in march 2010? END
START how much did shell plan to raise from the sale of its assets? END
START royal dutch shell agreed to acquire all the business of what entity in june 2010? END
START who did shell split with in 2010? END
START when did shell form a joint venture with raizen? END
START how much were the east resources' gas fields worth? END
START how much was shell's liquid petroleum gas business worth? END
START what did shell buy from cosan for $4.7 million? END
START which assets did the corporation begin to sell in 2013? END
START what was the value of the cancelled gas project that was to be contstructed in louisiana? END
START the appointment of a new ceo in 2014 came prior to what announcement? END
START in what year did the corporation sell the majority of its australian assets? END
START what was the value of assets the corporation planned to sell leading up to 2015? END
START who was the ceo in 2013? END
START how much was the 2013 sale of us shale gas assets worth? END
START where did shell begin selling us shale gas assets? END
START how much higher was the company's performance in 2013? END
START what is the worth of the australian assets shell sold in us dollars? END
START what is a cause of severe environmental issues in the niger delta? END
START many pipelines owned by shell in the niger delta are described as what? END
START shell has accepted responsibility for keeping its pipelines in what condition? END
START in contrast to its acceptance of responsibility for keeping the pipelines new, shell has denied what? END
START environmental and human rights groups have created action plans to do what? END
START where has shell tried to keep its pipelines in pristine conditions? END
START when did friends of the earth begin protesting shell? END
START how many allegations did the dutch court approve? END
START who did amnesty international have to pay for one count of pollution? END
START when did shell acknowledge responsibility for the environmental issues? END
START the name shell is connected to what company? END
START what was the purpose of the created of the "shell" transport and trading company? END
START what did the younger founder of the "shell" transport and trading company discover while collecting seashell specimens in the caspian sea area? END
START by what year did the company have a fleet of oil tankers operating in the caspian sea region? END
START the company operated a refinery on what river for several decades? END
START where was the murex built? END
START when was the refinery at shell haven built? END
START what river did marcus collect shells from in 1907? END
START when was marcus samuel born? END
START how long did the younger samuel collect specimens from the caspian sea? END
START what is shell's primary business? END
START the development of what two types of exptertise established the core competencies on which the company was founded? END
START one of the most important business in which shell is involved is what? END
START each business now seeks to become what type of unit? END
START the business model that provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry is called what? END
START what is the least important business for shell? END
START what did self-supporting units provide for the company? END
START what types of expertise have been removed from the business? END
START which stage does not require technical and commercial expertise? END
START what company is moving away from having self-supported units? END
START shell was traditionally considered what type of business worldwide? END
START shell operated companies in how many countries? END
START a good deal of technical and financial direction for the upstream came from what entity? END
START what types of companies existed in a few major oil and gas production centers? END
START how many centralised businesses does shell have? END
START where did much of the direction come for the downstream come from? END
START what production centre was located in nigeria? END
START how many countries were large exploration and production companies in? END
START what company did shell partner with in brunei for the joint venture shell expro? END
START downstream operations currently includes what type of business? END
START downstream operations produces what percent of shell's profits worldwide? END
START how many petrol stationsare included in shell's downstream operations global network? END
START prior to the 1990s, shell's downstream businesses were essentially considered what kind of businesses? END
START in what way did the business paradigm of shell's downstream operations begin to change? END
START how much of shell's profits did downstream account for in 1990? END
START when did shell switch to treating businesses as local, independent companies? END
START how many oil refineries does shell have? END
START how many total petrol stations does shell have? END
START how many of shell's operations are controlled in london instead of hague? END
START what did shell announce in april 2010? END
START what happened in several countries in response to shell's april 2010 announcement? END
START in june 2013, shell announced a review of its operations in which country? END
START in august 2014, shell announced it was in the process of doing what? END
START what did shell indicate was a reason for the strategic review of operations in nigeria? END
START what did shell switch from south africa and egypt to? END
START when did protests break out in south africa? END
START how many egyptian fields did shell sell in 2014? END
START where did shell divest its upstream activities from?  END
START when did the company announce a review of south africa? END
START what company was the owner of the 7-eleven brand in scandinavia? END
START in what year did royal dutch shell and reitan group announce an agreement? END
START how many service stations did royal dutch shell and reitan group agree to re-brand? END
START shell announced it was in the process of doing what in april 2010? END
START in october 2010, shell sold what to st1? END
START how many service stations did royal dutch shell and reitan group re-brand in norway alone? END
START how long will it take to rebrand the service stations in norway, sweden, finland, and denmark? END
START who did shell by gas stations and heavy vehicle supply networks from? END
START when did st1 and reitan group announce an agreement? END
START what parent company did shell sell to in april 2010? END
START shell oil company's united states business throughout its early history is described as what? END
START on which exchange was shell oil company's u.s. stock historically traded? END
START shell oil company historically had little direct involvement from what entity in the running of its american businesses? END
START in what year did royal dutch shell make a bid to purchase approximately 30% of shell oil company's shares? END
START what did royal dutch shell's bid to purchase shell oil company's shares lead to? END
START shell's early history involved a lot of involvement from what? END
START what percentage of the shell oil company did royal dutch shell own in 1984? END
START how much did the court case cost? END
START when did royal dutch shell try to sell its shares? END
START who approved of the royal dutch shell buyout? END
START the final investment decision for what was finalized by royal dutch shell in may 2011? END
START the remote offshore prelude field was discovered where? END
START the prelude field was estimated to contain how many cubic feet of natural gas reserves? END
START on what developments was flng technology based? END
START flng technology faciliates what? END
START when did royal dutch shell make its first investment into flng? END
START when was flng technology created? END
START what is located off australia's southwestern coast? END
START where were flng technologies pioneered? END
START when was the flng facility built? END
START what percent of its stake in woodside petroleum did shell sell in june 2014? END
START shell became a major shareholder in woodside after a takeover attempt was blocked in what year? END
START who blocked the takeover attempt? END
START what percentage of shareholders voted to approve the 2014 buy-back? END
START what percentage of shareholder votes was need to approve the 2014 buy-back? END
START how much woodside stock in shell sell in 2001? END
START what shell treasurer try to takeover woodside in 2001? END
START what percentage of shareholders approved the takeover attempt? END
START what percentage of shareholders was required to block the woodside takeover? END
START when was the meeting to decide whether or not to sell 9.5% of its woodside petroleum stock? END
START shell purchased what in 2005? END
START what did shell initate after its 2005 purchase? END
START what executive initially led the artic drilling project? END
START what caused the delay in drilling after shell's 2008 purchase? END
START shell's plans to drill in the artic led to protests from which particular environmental group? END
START how much did the purchase of an offshore lease cost? END
START what greenpeace executive protested the arctic drilling? END
START what oil rig cost shell $4.5bil? END
START when was pete slaiby taken off of the arctic drilling program? END
START when was pete slaiby working in the north sea? END
START what conditions caused the delay of drilling in mid-2012? END
START what worsened the situation at the end of 2012? END
START what amount had royal dutch shell invested in the project by the end of 2012? END
START in what year did drilling in the arctic region begin? END
START when did the arctic project end? END
START who damaged essential oil-spill equipment? END
START how much was invested in the kulluk incident? END
START what caused the kulluk incident? END
START what certification was the kulluk missing? END
START why was the kulluk oil rig being towed to washington? END
START what caused towing crews and rescue service to lose control while the kulluk rig was in transport to washington? END
START on january 1, 2013, the kulluk was grounded off the coast of which island? END
START following the incident, which magazine contacted larry mckinney? END
START larry mckinney explained that a two-month delay in drilling could do what? END
START where was the kulluk oil rig being towed from? END
START where was the kullug grounded in december? END
START who was the executive director of the fortune magazine? END
START what magazine did larry mckinney contact? END
START how long did it take to tow the kulluk to washington state? END
START following what event was it uncertain if shell would recommence drilling? END
START in february 2013, shell corporation announced that it would pause what? END
START shell corporation announced what in january 2014? END
START which shell corporation executive explained the reason for the january 2014 announcement? END
START what reason did the executive give for shell's january 2014 announcement? END
START what project was based in alaska? END
START when did van beurden become the chief executive? END
START when was the original suspension of the drilling program? END
START when did shell announce it was resuming it alaskan project? END
START why was van beurden under review? END
START for what particular reason did protesters criticize the company's environmental record in the 1990s? END
START what entity supported shell during the 1990s protests? END
START following the reversal of its decision, shell published what? END
START when was the brent spar platform disposed into the north sea? END
START what government opposed the brent spar platform? END
START what did shell admit was a poor environmental decision? END
START what commitment did executives condemn? END
START what did protesters in the 1990s praise? END
START in 1996, multiple groups filed lawsuits to hold shell accountable for what? END
START shell was accused of participating in the execution of which southern nigerian tribal leader? END
START in what year did shell agree to settle the lawsuits filed in 1996? END
START for what amount did shell agree to settle the 1996 lawsuits? END
START in contrast to its agreement to settle the 1996 lawsuits, shell refused to do what? END
START when was brian anderson hanged? END
START brian anderson was the leader of what tribe? END
START what was ken saro-wiwa accused of? END
START how much did shell pay to the ogoni tribe? END
START when did shell sue nigeria? END
START a 2010 leaked communication revealed that shell claimed to have inserted what into which entities? END
START the same leaked communication revealed shell claimed to know what? END
START about what did the shell executive boast in relation to the leaked communication? END
START documents released in 2009 showed that shell made regular payments to which entity? END
START for what purpose did shell make regular payments to the entity cited in the documents released in 2009? END
START when did shell place informants in the nigerian government? END
START who boasted that shell had forgotten about the invasion? END
START what year did the documents used in the court case come from? END
START what source of information from 2010 was not used in the court case? END
START why did the nigerian military regularly make payments to shell? END
START how many greenpeace activists boarded fennica and nordica in march 2012? END
START how many countries did the group of greenpeace activists represent? END
START what types of vehicles were the fennica and nordica? END
START why were the fennica and nordica chartered? END
START what was the main concern of edward itta? END
START how many countries did the icebreakers support? END
START what was the name of the fortune magazine reporter? END
START how many activists were on the fennica alone? END
START who was the mayor of north slope borough in march 2012? END
START what borough were the greenpeace activists from? END
START why did shell file lawsuits? END
START jealous and radford asserted that the legal action taken by shell was what? END
START greenpeace claimed that shell requested google to ban what? END
START what banners appeared on the winners' podium at the august 2013 ceremony? END
START at the 2013 ceremony, activitsts controlled their appearance with what? END
START when did shell ask google to ban video footage of the greenpeace protests? END
START what is the greenpeace logo? END
START who filed the lawsuits against shell? END
START who did savethearctic partner with for the belgian grand prix? END
START how were the winners' podiums controlled? END
START which specific mammal is the largest today? END
START which mammal is the smallest? END
START which four legged mammal is considered to be the smartest? END
START about how small is the average bumble bee bat? END
START what do the largest group of mammals, elephants, have that helps the fetus during gestation? END
START how small is the average fetus? END
START what are some fetuses adapted for? END
START what is another name for a large elephant? END
START what does a placenta help bumblebee bats do? END
START who coined the name "mammal" from the scientific name mammalia? END
START what do all female mammals have in common when they have children? END
START how many mammals were known to exist up to 2006? END
START how many families did mammals consist of as of 2006? END
START what term  did iucn coin in 1758? END
START in 1758 how many mammal species were known? END
START what was completed by carl linnaeus in 2006? END
START how was the iucn red list grouped? END
START how many accepted species are there according to carl linnaeus? END
START how many species of mammals do not have a live birth? END
START which group consist of the most mammals? END
START which group do humans belong too? END
START which group do cats and dogs belong too? END
START what do all modern monotremes give birth to? END
START what group do the six species of monotremes belong to?  END
START which monotreme consists of the most mammals? END
START what is the monotreme that is second after rodentia? END
START what are some examples of monotremes that are part of the group rodentia? END
START from which time period did birds and reptiles began to appear from? END
START when did non-avian dinosaurs become extinct? END
START which early mammalian ancestor produced non-mammalian dimetroden? END
START when did sphenacodont pelycosaurs become extinct? END
START what were the modern mammalian orders ancestors called? END
START at the end of the synapsid period what non-mammal was produced? END
START the sphenacodontia arose in the paleogene and neogene periods of what era? END
START at the end of the carboniferous period what did the neogene diverge from that led to today's reptiles and birds? END
START who defined mammalian as the crown group mammals? END
START by rowe's definition, when did he start to exclude animals? END
START which group do marsupials and placentals belong to? END
START how did timothy rowe define mammalia in the mid 19th century? END
START what are two examples of the most recent ancestor of the jurassic period? END
START in what period did mammals live? END
START for how long have juassic fossils been referred to the mammalia? END
START what is one thing triassic fossils are shown to consist of according to a 19th century paper? END
START which group are ambondro's closely related to? END
START which two groups are closely related to therian mammals? END
START how many years do momotremes and therian mammals go back? END
START about what year do synapsid date back to? END
START what is the earliest ambondro that satisfies kemp's definitions? END
START what is tikitherium more closely related to more than therian mammals? END
START what time period are fossils of the ambondro dated to in the middle jurassic? END
START about what year are ambondro dated to? END
START what can the appearance of genera be broadly given? END
START who wrote the "principles of classification and a classification of mammals? END
START simpson laid the systematics of mammal origins and was taught universally up until the end of what century? END
START which new concept has greatly taken over simpsons much debated theoretical systematization? END
START what did simpson lay out that was universally taught until 1945? END
START what was the original source for the paleontoligical record? END
START what happened since the classification by the amnh? END
START what taxonomy took over amnh's debated systematization? END
START up until what century were cladistics universally taught? END
START in 1997 who revised the classification of mammals? END
START where did the two authors work together as paleontologist?  END
START from whom did mckenna inherit the project from? END
START who did simpson inherit the project from? END
START what happened to molecular genetic data in 1997? END
START what was the book written by simpson? END
START what information about mammals does simpson's book cover? END
START what did simpson help construct with bell? END
START through molecular studies, what was used to suggest new relationships among mammal families? END
START during these molecular studies, which three major groups of mammals shared a common ancestors from the cretaceous period? END
START afrotheria,xenartha, and boreoeutheria deprives from which two lineages? END
START what have studies based on boreoeutheria suggested? END
START what have findings based on common ancestors in the cretaceous been validated by? END
START what are three major groups of laurasiatheria? END
START where did euarchontoglires and laurasiatheria come from? END
START what two major common ancestors does alantogenata contain? END
START from which period did the first known amniotes arise from? END
START from which group did amniotes descendents of? END
START two important amniotes  lineages became distinct, what was the name of that distinction? END
START sauropsids would later include which other animals into its group? END
START what is a distinct trait of synapsids? END
START from what period did the first insects come from? END
START what already inhabited the synapsids? END
START when did amphibious tetrapods become prominent? END
START what do amniotes have on each side of the skull? END
START what animals were later included in the carboniferous group? END
START from which dinosaur group did therapsids descend from? END
START around what time did therapsids become the dominant land animal? END
START at which group did therapsids end with? END
START when did basal eupelycosaurs descend from pelycosaurs? END
START what did the therapsid lineage do in the middle permian, 265 million years ago? END
START how do probainognathian cynodonts differ from the therapsid lineage? END
START what are some characteristics that show how mammals differ from pelycosaurs? END
START what animal was at the end stage of the middle permian? END
START what was the name of extinction level event that ended the dominance of the carnivores among therapsids? END
START during which time period did archosaurs begin to take over as the dominant carnivore? END
START which three groups did the early triassic period consist of? END
START during the jurassic period which group came out as the most dominate for both carnivores and herbivores? END
START why was the jurassic a prolonged event? END
START what did the jurassic period end? END
START what was taken over by carnivores in the permian-triassic? END
START what types of animals were included in the permian-triassic over 35 million years? END
START what had archosaurs come to dominate by the jurassic? END
START what is the oldest know fossil among the eutheria group?  END
START how long ago does oldest know fossil date back to? END
START in what time period did early animals share some features with marsupials? END
START which lineage were some of these early marsupial features were lost? END
START what is the oldest known feature among the marsupials? END
START what time period is a marsupial dated to in the early cretaceous? END
START what do juramaia have in common with placentals? END
START what lineage shows some early eutherian features were lost? END
START when was the marsupial mother from the cretaceous dated to? END
START how long ago did most placental orders diverge from? END
START which two major time periods did placentals appear? END
START which time period did early highly undisputed fossils of placental mammals appear? END
START when is the earliest know primate thought to had exist? END
START how much did the first primate weigh? END
START where do the earliest fossils of the miocene come from? END
START what have scientists identified eocene as? END
START what is the earliest ancestor of humans from about 55 million years ago? END
START how much did the protungulatum donnae weigh? END
START what do scientists object about primates before the end of the paleocene? END
START when is it believed that the earliest know hair was said to exist? END
START when was it suggested that foramina premaxillae could contain the first know hairs? END
START which major time period were these suggested hairs from? END
START what type of fossils showed the earliest evidence of cynodonts? END
START what was suggested about the tupinambis in the thrinaxodon in the 1950's? END
START what do popular sources attribute foramina to? END
START at what time is it believed the earliest known foramina existed? END
START what does the modern lizard castorocauda have? END
START which group of animal has a lower body temperature that marsupials and placentals? END
START which time period is suggested that cynodonts had a high metabolic rate? END
START why is it necessary for smaller animals to have an insulative covering? END
START what does evidence found suggest about monotremes? END
START what do therians need to maintain a stable body temperature? END
START what do small animals have compared to therians? END
START what suggests that monotremes have high metabolic rates? END
START what do placentals use their fur covering for? END
START when air enters both the oral and nasal cavities, where does it flow through? END
START increasing pressure on the diaphragm thus increasing air output more frequently is usually caused by? END
START a result of air being sucked into or blown out of the lung thats moving its pressure gradient is referred to? END
START where did the term bellows lung come from? END
START when mammals take oxygen into their relaxed diaphragm, what happens to the abdominal wall? END
START what is alveoli inspired by? END
START what is the ribcage able to passively recoil? END
START what does contraction of the thorax do while increasing the volume of the lung cavity? END
START when air enters the nasal cavity, what does the rib cage expand? END
START what is the typical thickness of the epidermis? END
START what is the main function of the epidermis? END
START how much more thicker is the dermis to the epidermis? END
START what is the dermis mainly consist of? END
START what does the hyperdermis consist of? END
START when the hypodermis is 10 to 30 cells thick, what is its main function? END
START what happens to the outermost cells of the hypodermis? END
START how do the bottommost cells of the hypodermis act? END
START how much thicker is the hypodermis from the dermis? END
START what are two components that make up the epidermis? END
START what is another name used for mammalian hair? END
START which color of hair is most common among mammalian taxa? END
START besides camouflage being a reason for having certain hair colors, what other reasons have been discovered?  END
START what is another name for camouflage? END
START how does intraspecies communication vary? END
START what is distribution of loci common in? END
START why do selective pressures favor arctic environments? END
START what three examples show how hormone levels are important in the mate selection process? END
START what is the common mammal group that gives birth to live young? END
START how many species of mammals lay eggs? END
START which mammal that has the bill of a duck lays eggs? END
START the platypus has sex chromosomes more related to which other non-mammal? END
START what makes most monotreme viviparous? END
START what do marsupials have that is different from most mammals? END
START how many species of mammals give birth to live young? END
START what are some characteristics of young chickens? END
START what do marsupials have that make them less like a therian? END
START which sub class are most viviparous mammals in? END
START viviparous mammals today are in which two main infraclasses? END
START what is present in all non-placental mammals? END
START what sub class are most placental eutherians in? END
START what class are placental eutherians in today? END
START where on the mother are the epipubic bones located? END
START what prevents a short gestation period in full pregnancy? END
START in marsupials what is a plesyomorphic condition shorter than? END
START which part is larger relative to the brain in primates? END
START which non-primate has the ability to learn and perform new task? END
START mammals with smaller brains tend to be in what class in the food chain? END
START what part of the brain is larger in rats compared to the rest of the brain? END
START with primates, what is related to intelligence? END
START what are two indications of a larger cerebrum? END
START what are cats able to do when they find a new home? END
START what is one thing that shows a cat has a large cerebrum? END
START to be able to maintain a constant body temperature, what do mammals need to maintain? END
START what does a omnivore imply? END
START what do the majority of mammals under 18 oz eat? END
START what determines a mammals diet type? END
START what do herbivores use to maintain a high level of bacteria for digestion? END
START what do herbivores have because they don't need specialized digestion? END
START what is a factor that determines body temperature? END
START what lives in an omnivores digestive tract? END
START where are bacteria for digestion housed in an omnivore? END
START what is the name given when zones of gradation exits? END
START what is the given name of a lion and tiger hybrid? END
START what is the marketed name given in the meat industry when you involve a european or indian domestic cattle mixed with an american bison? END
START what is the given name of a offspring from two different animals? END
START what is a zone of resilience referred to as? END
START what does it mean when closely related species exhibit greater strength and resilience than their parents? END
START what are some examples that show how strength and resilience is maintained in related species? END
START why are ligers more fertile than donkeys? END
START where is an american bison sometimes used to entertain people? END
START the spanish armada suffered a defeat in what year? END
START who did the london merchants petition to get permission to sail the indian ocean? END
START what was the first year the london merchants were granted permission to sail the indina ocean? END
START how many ships sailed torbay? END
START who returned to england after sailing around cape comorin? END
START  in this paragraph the spanish armada suffered a defeat in what year? END
START how many ships sailed  from torbay? END
START how many ships levitated over torbay? END
START who did the french merchants petition to get permission to sail the indian ocean? END
START what was the first year the london merchants were granted permission to sail the arctic ocean? END
START who returned to mexico after sailing around cape comorin? END
START the rebel armada suffered a defeat in what year? END
START what did the queen give them for suceeding? END
START what was the name of the royal charter? END
START what did this charter give them? END
START who led the third voyage? END
START who commanded the the voyage between 1601 and 1603? END
START who commanded the second  voyage in 1604? END
START what was the rank of the person who commanded the third voyage? END
START what was the name of the company that traded with east indies? END
START how many years did the merchants of london has a monoploy on trade? END
START what did the queen steal from them for succeeding? END
START what was the name of the novice charter? END
START what did this charter take away from them? END
START who commanded the the voyage between 1601 and 1609? END
START who commanded the eighth voyage in 1604? END
START in 1609 the charter was renewed for what period of time? END
START what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least 3 years? END
START why did king james i licence other trading companies from england? END
START where was the first factory in south india? END
START what initially moved king james 1 to grant subsidiary licences to other trading companies in england? END
START while the company was  giving an indefinite period when renewing thier charter what clause did king james use to make sure the company stayed profitable END
START how many years did the merchants of london have to become profitabl when their charter was renewed by king james? END
START where was the worst factory in south india? END
START what period of time was the charter banned for in 1609? END
START what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least eight consecutive years? END
START why did king james ix licence other trading companies from england? END
START when was the bombay trading post established? END
START who commanded the factories owned by the east india company? END
START how many employees were in the factories in india? END
START what were the walled forts of fort william in bengal, fort st george in madras and bombay castle before they were forts? END
START who helped join the east india company in a joint attack on portuguese and spanish ships? END
START by 1647 how many factories did the company have? END
START the east india company changed how it did business by moving from  focusing on royal patronage to what type of business? END
START when the east india company move to commercial  trading what  company did they surpass? END
START the top or most important factories had what  physical feature in  common? END
START when was the bombay trading post destroyed? END
START how many factories did the company lose by 1647? END
START who commanded the factories owned by the north india company? END
START how many fish were in the factories in india? END
START who helped join the north india company in a joint attack on portuguese and german ships? END
START how important were cotton, silk, indigo dye,saltpetre and tea to the company? END
START name the wars that was caused by the intense competition between the eic and dutch east india company END
START what caused the dutch to expand thier spice trade in the malaccan straits? END
START what year did the mughal emperor completely wave customs duities? END
START who did the mughal emperor extend hospitality to? END
START what region was made available to english traders by  the mughal emperor? END
START in 1717 what made the region of bengal  so appealing to english traders? END
START why type of  dye was one of the east  india company's main  products? END
START who were the main competitors that  had a monopoly of the spice trade in malaccan? END
START what wars was a result of the competitive nature of the mulitple trading companies in the 17th and 18th centuries? END
START what caused the greeks to expand their spice trade in the malaccan straits? END
START what year did the mughal emperor strictly require customs duties? END
START what region was made available to black market traders by the mughal emperor? END
START who did the mughal emperor forbid hospitality to? END
START what type of dye was one of the north india company's main products? END
START how much treasure was taken by pirates? END
START waht was the name of largest ship operating in the indian ocean? END
START how often did the indian fleet voyage to mocha? END
START what type of captain was henry every? END
START what was the name of the pirate on board the fancy who later teamed up with five other pirate captiains to attack the indian fleet? END
START when did  captain henry every attack the indian fleet END
START where was the indian fleet headed when they were attacked by captain every END
START what was reportly the largest ship in the mughal convoy in the indian fleet? END
START how much treasure was given away by pirates? END
START what was the name of the only ship operating in the indian ocean? END
START how often did the indian fleet voyage to mars? END
START what type of prince was henry every? END
START when did captain henry every attack the russian fleet? END
START what was the total value of cargo on the ganj-i-sawai? END
START who was on the ganji-i-sawai according to the eic? END
START what is the ganj-i-sawai know for? END
START what was reportedly the high value of of loot that the ganj-i-sawai had? END
START as times has past what has become know as the richest ship ever taken by pirates? END
START how many gold and silver pieces were on the ganj-i-sawai? END
START how many extraterrestrial pieces were on the ganj-i-sawai? END
START what was the total value of cargo not taken from the ganj-i-sawai? END
START who avoided the ganji-i-sawai according to the eic? END
START what is the ganj-i-sawai unknown for? END
START who caused the first worldwide manhunt? END
START what was the total bounty offered for captian every after england heard that the ganj-i-sawai was  taken END
START captian every was the focus of the first recorded worldwide.... what in history? END
START what was the name of the  council that offered part of the bounty for captain every END
START who took 4 east india ship and arrested their officers as a reaction to the attack on ganj-i-sawai END
START due to the danger the captian every put the trading abiliy of east india company what  act would he never qualify for that other pirate were later offered? END
START who caused the first worldwide witch-hunt? END
START what was the total bounty offered for captain every after germany heard that the ganj-i-sawai was taken? END
START what was the name of the council that offered all of the bounty for captain every? END
START who took 12 east india ship and arrested their officers as a reaction to the attack on ganj-i-sawai? END
START enlish firms were allow to trade with  india unless? END
START what was the name of the  second east india company that ended up runnig parallel to the first? END
START the two parallel east india company  had a power stuggle in both  england and? END
START in what  year was the act passed the made a parallel east india company? END
START the stock holder of the original east india  company rasied how much money  to  try and deal with the parallel east india company? END
START what caused english firms to be forbidden to trade with india unless? END
START what year was the act passed the made a parallel north indiana company? END
START what place aside from england did east india have no support from? END
START what was the name of the second south indie company that ended up running parallel to the first? END
START in 1720 what % of  import goods were from india?  END
START who passed the acts that effected the profits of east india company END
START who argued against parliament on the trade issue that involded the east india company END
START what percentage of import goods were abandoned in india in 1720? END
START who passed the acts that effected the profits of west india company? END
START who argued against parliament on the trade issue that involved the east indian company? END
START who never had any disagreements? END
START what imports were forbidden in india in 1720? END
START the british government agrree to extend the licensed for the company in india until 1793 for how much money END
START what was the big fear that brought the british government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company? END
START what was the name of the  war that lasted from 1756 to 1763? END
START the seven years' war  changed the british state focus from trade to protecting  europe and defending  which colonies? END
START in what year did the seven years' war END
START what was the name of the war that lasted from 1656 to 1763? END
START what year was the seven years' war prevented? END
START what was irrelevant that brought the british government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company? END
START which colonies were abandoned when the british state focus went from trade to protecting europe? END
START who worked together the most leading up to the seven years' war? END
START what was the type of  revolution that allowed britian to move ahead of its european rivals? END
START what was the name of william henry pyne book from 1808? END
START what became the largest player in the british global market according to william henry pyne? END
START what country was the home to the industrial revolution? END
START the industrial revoluntion gave raise to the access to what type of material? END
START what was the type of revolution that allowed britain to move ahead of its asian rivals? END
START what was the name of william henry pyne book from 1908? END
START what became the only player in the british global market according to william henry pyne? END
START what country was devastated by the industrial revolution? END
START what type of material became unavailable as a result of the industrial revolution? END
START due to agreed debt what 250 tons  product was first permitted to be exported by the company after the seven years' war? END
START in what year did banks  negotiate between the king and the east india company for 700 tons of saltpetre? END
START saltpetre was used for what people, specifically the need for this product had people overlooking untaxed sales?  END
START one of the governor of the company said that he would rather have saltpetre then____ in its raw form? END
START how much did 700 tons of saltpetre go for in the contract negotiated by banks in 1673 END
START what year did banks negotiate between the princess and the north india company for 600 tons of salt? END
START what 800 tons product was first permitted to be exported by the company after the seven years' war? END
START what people were forbidden from using saltpetre? END
START how much did 700 tons of saltpetre go for in the contract negotiated by banks in 1573? END
START what year was the treaty of paris agreed on? END
START the treaty of paris return how many esablishment captured by the british? END
START the treaty of paris prevented france from keeping troops in what location? END
START in 1793 what war was the french involded in even without a big  military presences? END
START what year was the treaty of paris disagreed on? END
START how many establishments captured by the british were destroyed after the treaty of paris? END
START what location was france allowed to send troops due to the treaty of paris? END
START what war was the french involved in with a big military presence in 1793? END
START what is the acronym for the east india company? END
START in 1750 how many regular troops did the  eic  have?  END
START in 1778 most of the troops that the eic had were from where? END
START what year did the eic have 26,000 troops in their employ END
START what is no longer the acronym for the east india company? END
START how many special troops did the eic exile in 1750? END
START who were most of the troops that the eic hid in 1778? END
START what year did the eic lose 26,000 troops in one day? END
START how many anglo maratha wars were there? END
START what empire ended after the three anglo- maratha wars? END
START with the formal end of maratha empire the eic created a  firm hold on what country? END
START was the maratha empire ended quick or gradual? END
START what country  took over the fort of ahmmadnagar that then became part of the cause for the maratha emprie to end? END
START how many anglo maratha parties were there? END
START what empire ended after the seven anglo-maratha wars? END
START how long did it take for maratha empire to dominate the world? END
START what museum took over the fort of ahmmadnagar that then became part of the cause for the maratha emprie to end? END
START what country had a weak hold by the eic after the formal end of the maratha empire? END
START what was the name of eic military company? END
START what was the  highest rank an indian could be in the eic army END
START while in eic army  the british officer outrank the indian officer they  both promoted based on? END
START what was the name of the eic wizardry company? END
START what was the highest rank a robot could be in the eic army? END
START which officers could never outrank indians? END
START who received no training for the military? END
START in 1838 what was the sentence for smuggling opium in to china? END
START in 1838 about how many tone of  opium was smuggled in to china per year? END
START what was the title of the person people were sent to if they were  caught smuggling opium in to china? END
START when did the first opium war start? END
START britian faught side by side with what country  in the second opium war? END
START what was the sentence for smuggling opium into egypt in 1838? END
START how many tons of opium were stolen from china per year in 1838? END
START what was the title of the person people were sent to if they were caught smuggling opium into space? END
START what country stood paralyzed next to britain in the second opium war? END
START when did the only opium war end? END
START eic was leased back the land they held in british india by what part of the british goverment? END
START how much did the parliament lease british india for to eic (the lease was for two years)?  END
START the british government  created a how many man council in calcutta? END
START how many council member weres allow to be from the eic? END
START by having 3 members on the council in calcutta from the british government they were always able to ____ the two eic members? END
START how much did the parliament lease australia for to eic (the lease was for two years)? END
START how many were on the council in calcutta created by the german government? END
START how many council members were killed on the eic? END
START what incumbent governor was dismissed from the council? END
START the highest ranking persons title in british india is? END
START in british indian a jugde had to come from where to oversee the  legal system? END
START the highest ranking person's title in british india is? END
START did eic have a monopoly over the governement or trade in british india  END
START other then money what did it cost the eic to have the control in trade the had in british india END
START who is the lowest ranking person in british india? END
START who couldn't be trusted with the power of peace and war? END
START who were removed from india to administer the legal system? END
START who had only limited legislative powers? END
START who was eventually bankrupt due to their virtual monopoly? END
START the name of the act that was a failure in creating bourdaries for the crown and the eic for being subjective? END
START after the pitt act the crown began to focus more on _______ efforts of its people in it territories? END
START what was the  name of the person who was once a large  shareholder in eic and talk to the issues with with the new regulating bill in 1793? END
START was the new regulating bill of 1793 passed or defeated? END
START what is the name of the act that was a success in creating boundaries for the crown and the eic for being subjective? END
START was the new regulating bill of 1791 passed or defeated? END
START who was the only east india company shareholder? END
START what kind of calls did the government ignore? END
START by the middle of the 19th century how much of the worlds population was effected by eic and it trade? END
START to eic in malaya what state  was the forth most improtant settlement? END
START during this time the relationship change between britian and the eic. the eic became more of a what to the crown?? END
START when eic become more like a regularised subsidiary  did they have greater or less accountability to the crown END
START how much of the moon's population was effected by eic and it trade by the middle of the 19th century? END
START what state in malaya had no important settlements? END
START what did the eic become less of to the crown? END
START when eic became more like a regularised subsidiary did they have greater or less accountability to japan? END
START what lord helped the eic through his politics, take control over all of india? END
START while the eic took over all of india there were, two exception the first being punjab, what was the second? END
START in the past the deals under the crown strained the finances of eic  now as they expained throughout india what was the biggest strain on their finances END
START what treaty  allowed the eic in to the then kingdom of nepal? END
START eic reached out to parliament for help with finances. this lead to which act? END
START what lord helped the eic through his politics take control over all of america? END
START what year was the charter act rejected? END
START who had very relaxed policies? END
START who lost all control over india? END
START what events had the least amount of expenses? END
START where were the eic  headquarters located? END
START what was the name of eic headquartes? END
START between 1638 and 1648 what street was eic headquarters on? END
START where was the eic headquarters moved to after  1648? END
START what building now sits where the eic headquarters last sat? END
START where were the eic headquarters hidden? END
START what was the former name of eic headquarters? END
START what street was eic headquarters on when it was vacated between 1628 and 1643? END
START where was the eic headquarters abandoned after 1648? END
START what hospital now sits where the eic headquarters last sat? END
START in 1803 was act of parliament supported by  eic?  END
START the 1803 act created what dock program? END
START the goal of the east in dock company was  first what? END
START what was the name of the export dock of the eic after the 1803 act? END
START in 1838 what company did the  east india dock company merge with?  END
START what act of parliament was opposed by eic in 1803? END
START what dock company was destroyed by the 1803 act? END
START what was the name of the export dock of the eic after the 1903 act? END
START what company did the east india dock company split off from in 1838? END
START which dock company was never taken over by the port of london authority in 1909? END
START in the period of  1600 what canton cross repesented england END
START after the act of  1707  what was the second  cross added to the canton for great britian END
START in what year did the canton become a flag with crosses on it and not just a cross? END
START in wat year did  ireland join with great britian offically? END
START what is the name of the union that ireland and great britian created when they came together? END
START what canton cross represented egypt in the period of 1600? END
START what was the second cross removed from the canton after the acts of union 1707? END
START what year did the canton become a flag with stars on it and not just a stripe? END
START what year did ireland join with japan officially? END
START what is the name of the union that ireland and great britain sabotaged when they came together? END
START what does deus indicat mean? END
START what type of flowers did gules use? END
START after the deus indicat what type of sea animals were pictured? END
START in the above quote how many ship and masts were indicated? END
START what animal was listed as part of the four fleur-de-lis in the above quote END
START what does deus indicat no longer mean in latin? END
START what type of flowers did gules avoid? END
START what type of land animals were pictured on the shield crest under the deus indicat? END
START what does deo ducente nil nocet mean in russian? END
START the eic arms feature what king of the jungle animal on it? END
START in the arms of eic what was the lion holding in his forepaws END
START how many lions were on the eic arms END
START what year did the eic arms include both france and england? END
START what jungle animal is in danger on the eic arms? END
START what does the lion have on its head in the arms of eic? END
START how many dolphins were on the eic arms? END
START what year did the eic arms include both norway and denmark? END
START what arms were granted in 1798? END
START during what war did the eic get letter of marque for its vessels END
START why did eic want tthe letters of marque most? END
START with out the letters of marque what wepon did  they have to protect themself that was a part of their ship? END
START the earl of mornington would have how many ___ guns on the eic ships? END
START what celebration did the eic get a letter of marque for its vessels? END
START why did the eic not want the letters of marque? END
START what weapon did they have for protection that was a part of their body? END
START how many guns were taken from the earl of mornington? END
START what was not allowed to sail under a letter of marque? END
START what was the most notable naval victory eic  had? END
START what general played the biggest role in the capture of the seven dutch east indiamen? END
START where were the 7 dutch easteast indiamen capture? END
START in 1797 how did the  woodford  get to safety without firing one bullet? END
START in 1797 who was the captian of the woodford that is first listed of the 5 captians? END
START what was the only naval defeat eic had? END
START what policeman played the largest role in the capture of the seven dutch east indiamen? END
START where were the 6 dutch east indiamen captured? END
START how did the indiamen get to safety by firing just one bullet in 1797? END
START where are the records of the eic housed today? END
START where are the british government's records houseed today? END
START are you able to search most of the records online today? END
START where were the records of the eic lost in a fire? END
START where are the british government's records destroyed today? END
START which government no longer keeps records? END
START what records are expensive to access online? END
START what company lost all records between 16001834? END
