what color is your book? 
my book has a dark blue cover. 
how much does that typewriter weigh? 
it’s not too heavy,but i don’t know the exact weight. 
this round table weighs about forty-five pounds.
what size suitcase do you own?
one of my suitcases is small,and the other one is medium size.
i like the shape of that table.
how long is jones boulevard street? 
that street is only two miles long.
will you please measure this window to see how wide it is? 
this window is just as wide as that one. 
the walls are three inches thick.
this material feels soft.
this pencil is longer than that one.
would you please tell mr. john that i’m here？
take these books home with you tonight. 
please bring me those magazines. 
would you help me lift this heavy box? 
please ask john to turn on the lights. 
put your books down on the table. 
get me a hammer from the kitchen,will you? 
hang up my coat in the closet ,will you please? 
please don’t bother me now.i’m very busy. 
would you mind mailing this letter for me? 
if you have time,will you call me tomorrow? 
please pick up those cups and saucers. 
will you do me a favor?
please count the chairs in that room.
please pour this milk into that glass.
excuse me,sir.can you give me some information? 
can you tell me where peach street is? 
it’s two blocks straight ahead. 
which direction is it to the theatre? 
turn right at the next corner
how far is it to the university?
it’s a long way from here.
the school is just around the corner.
the restaurant is across the street from the hotel.
you can’t miss it.
do you happen to know mr. cooper’s telephone number? 
could you tell me where the nearest telephone is? 
should i go this way,or that way? 
go that way for two blocks,then turn left. 
i beg your pardon.is this seat taken? 
are you married?
no,i’m not married.i’m still single. 
your niece is engaged,isn’t she? 
my sister has been engaged for two months.
my grandfather got married in 1921.
when is grandparents’ wedding anniversary? 
how long have they been married?
they’ve been married for quite a few years.
who did george marry?
do they have children?
they had a baby last month.
my son wants to get married in june. 
they don’t know when the wedding will be.
their grandchildren are grown up now.
she’s a widow.her husband died last year.
where did you grow up?
i grew up right here in this neighborhood.
my friend spent his childhood in california . 
he lived in california until he was seventeen. 
there have been a lot of changes here in the last 20 years.
there used to be a grocery store on the corner. 
all of those houses have been built in the last ten years.
they’re building a new house up the street . 
if you buy that home, will you spend the rest of your life there? 
are your neighbors very friendly?
we all know each other pretty well. 
a young married couple moved in next door to us. 
who bought that new house down the street from you? 
an old man rented the big white house.
what beautiful trees those are!
what time are you going to get up tomorrow morning? 
i’ll probably wake up early and get up at 6:30.
what will you do then?
after i get dressed,i’ll have breakfast.
what will you have for breakfast tomorrow morning? 
i’ll probably have eggs and toast for breakfast.
after breakfast,i’ll get ready to go to work.
i’ll leave the house at 8:00 and get to the office at 8:30.
i’ll probably go out for lunch at about 12:30.
i’ll finish working at 5:30 and get home by 6 o’clock. 
are you going to have dinner at home tomorrow night? 
do you think you’ll go to the movies tomorrow night? 
i’ll probably stay home and watch television.
when i get sleepy,i’ll probably get ready for bed. 
do you think you’ll be able to go to sleep right away? 
how is the weather today?
the weather is nice today.
what was the weather like yesterday? 
yesterday it rained all day.
what will the weather be like tomorrow? 
it’s going to snow tomorrow.
it’s quite cold today.
it’s been cloudy all morning.
is it raining now?
it’ll probably clear up this afternoon.
the days are getting hotter.
today is the first day of spring.
what’s the temperature today?
it’s about seventy degrees fahrenheit this afternoon.
there’s a cool breeze this evening.
how are you feeling today?
i don’t feel very well this morning.
i was sick yesterday, but i’m better today.
my fever is gone,but i still have a cough.
my brother has a bad headache.
which of your arms is sore?
my right arm hurts. it hurts right here.
what’s matter with you?
i’ve got a pain in my back.
which foot hurts?is it the left one? 
how did you break your leg?
i slipped on the stairs and fell down.i broke my leg.
your right hand is swollen.does it hurt? 
it’s bleeding.you’d better go see a doctor about that cut. 
i hope you’ll be well soon.
i get out of bed about 7 oclock every morning. 
after getting up,i go into the bathroom and take a shower. 
then,i brush my teeth and comb my hair.
after brushing my teeth,i put on my clothes.
after that,i go downstairs to the kitchen to have breakfast.
after eating breakfast,i go back upstairs again. 
then,it’s usually time to wake up my little brother.
he can’t dress himself yet because he’s too young. 
i wash his face and hands,and then i dress him. 
he tries to button his own shirt,but he can’t do it. 
my little brother takes a bath before he goes to bed at night. 
he always forgets to wash behind his ears. 
i’m always tired when i come home from work. 
at bedtime, i take off my clothes and put on my pajamas. 
i get into bed at about 11:30 and go right off to sleep. 
what do you think?is that right? 
cetainly.you’re absolutely right about that.
i think you’re mistaken about that.
i like hot weather best.
personally,i prefer winter weather.
do you think it’s going to rain tomorrow? 
i don’t know whether it will rain or not.
in my opinion,that’s an excellent idea.
why mr. cooper so tired?do you have any idea? 
he’s tired because he worked hard all day today. 
what do you think of my children?
i think you have very attractive children. 
please give me your frank opinion.
do you really want to know what i think? 
of course i want to know what your opinion is.
what do you plan to do tomorrow? 
i doubt that i’ll do anything tomorrow. 
please excuse me for a little while. i want to do something. 
i imagine i’ll do some work instead of going to the movies. 
will it be convenient for you to explain your plans to him? 
there’s nothing to do because tomorrow is a holliday.
what’s your brother planning to do tomorrow?
he can’t decide what to do.
it’s difficult to make a decision without knowing all the facts. 
we’re trying to plan our future.
that’s a good idea.
i’m hoping to spend a few days in the mountains.
would you consider going north this summer? 
if there’s a chance you’ll go, i’d like to go with you. 
after you think it over, please let me know what you decide.
i’m anxious to know what your decision is. 
i’m confident you’ve made the right choice. 
i want to persuade you to change your mind.
will you accept my advice?
what have you decided?
i’ve definitely decided to go to california. 
he didn’t want to say anything to influence my decision.
she refuses to make up her mind.
i assume you’ve decided against buying a new car. 
it took him a long time to make up his mind. 
you can go whenever you wish.
we’re willing to accept your plan.
he knows it’s inconvenient ,but he wants to go anyway. 
according to mr. green, this is a complicated problem.
she insists that it doesn’t make any difference to her.
are you going to go any place this year? 
if i have enough money,i’m going to take a trip abroad.
how are you going?are you going by boat? 
it’s faster to go by plane than by boat.
what’s the quickest way to get there? 
altogether it will take ten days to make the trip.
i hope you have a good time on your trip.
i’m leaving tomorrow,but i haven’t packed my suitcases yet.
i’m going by air.i like flying.
my brother took a trip to mexico.
it was a six-hour flight.
how many passengers were on the train?
his friend was injured in an airplane crash.
would you like to go for a walk?
let’s go out to the airport. the plane landed ten minutes ago.
i’m going shopping because i need to buy some clothes.
if this shirt doesn’t fit,may i bring it back later?
what size shoes do you wear?
that suit looks very good on you.
this dress is made of silk,isn’t it?
i’d like to try on this sweater.
i’m interested in buying a new car.
what’s the price of that electric iron?
how much is this rug?
is this toothpaste on sale today?
that’s a beautiful leather wallet,but it costs too much.
how much do i owe you?
that will be eighteen dollars and seventy-five cents.
do you have change for a twenty-dollar bill?
the clerk helped me find what i wanted.
what would you like to eat?
i’d like a bowl of tamoto soup,please. 
the waiter seems to be in a hurry to take our order. 
which would you rather have--steak or fish? 
i want my steak well-done.
what kinds of vegetables do you have?
i’ll have mashed potatoes.
would you please pass the salt?
they serve good food in this restaurant.
are you ready for your dessert now?
this knife is dirty.would you bring me a clean one,please? 
may i check,please?
you have your choice of three flavors of ice cream. 
we have vanilla,chocolate,and strawberry.
we invited two guests to dinner,but they didn’t come.
how long did the movie last? 
the feature started at 9 o’clock and ended at 11:30. 
they say the new film is an adventure story.
a group of us went out to the theater last night. 
the new play was good and everybody enjoyed it. 
by the time we got there,the play had already begun. 
the usher showed us to our seats. 
the cast of the play included a famous actor. 
after the play was over,we all wanted to get something to eat. 
there was a big crowd and we had difficulty getting a taxi.
the restaurant was filled,so we decided to go elsewhere. 
my brother wants to learn how to dance.
we don’t go dancing very often.
which would you rather do--go dancing or go to cinema? 
i’m not accustomed to going out after dark.
i’d like to make an appointment to see mr. cooper. 
would you like to arrange for a personal interview? 
your appointment will be next thursday at 10 o’clock. 
i can come any day except thursday.
he wants to change his appointment from monday to wednesday. 
she failed to call the office to cancel her appointment. 
i’m going to call the employment agency for a job. 
please fill in this application form.
are you looking for a permanent position? 
i’m going to call a plumber to come this afternoon. 
i couldn’t keep the appointment because i was sick. 
i’m a new employee.i was hired yesterday. 
please call before you come,otherwise we might not be home.
let’s make a date to go shopping next thursday. 
will you please lock the door when you leave? 
it’s just a mosquito bite.there’s nothing to worry about.
