START  he and his wife have split up END
START   the wife of the above END
START  divorced from his wife, now single, a joker and womaniser, or so he thinks END
START    a friend of carol and mary END
START    divorced END
START  used to live locally but moved away, but recently returned END
START    recently widowed and still devastated by her loss END
START   single END
START  a young james simpson and a young carol wadsworth (nee jones)  (each have one song), carol’s mum and dad, a vicar, two mourners, a man called martin, a barman and a waiter END
START  the set is a bar, a singles bar where people gather who have no partner for one reason or another END
START  where do you think you are going young lady? END
START  just out with the girls from school, shan’t be long END
START  well it had better not be with that waste of space from the council estate again, we told you last week that you had to stop seeing him but mrs END
START  we were only talking; he was telling me he plans to go to college and then university when he gets his gce’s END
START  college? university? more like borstal!! no one off that estate ever made anything of their lives; half of them are on the dole, the other half are a bunch of thieves END
START  steady on brenda, a lot of the men on that estate work with me at the factory END
START  not with you derek, for you, you’re the foreman not a labourer END
START  well james isn’t going to work at the factory; he’s going to be a high flyer in the city END
START  the only way he will fly high is from the end of a rope END
START  now you’ve gone too far brenda, enough END
START  (excitedly) edward wadsworth?  charles wadsworth son? the one who owns wadsworth’s engineering? oh carol that would be a fantastic match for you, married to edward you would be made for life END
START  for god’s sake brenda, they are only kids, carol is barely fifteen yet and you are marrying her off END
START  i was only seventeen when i married you END
START  (softly) but we didn’t have a lot of options END
START  derek!!! END
START  its okay mum, i knew you had to get married, i can count END
START  don’t be so cheeky young lady; i married your mother because i loved her END
START  i’m sorry daddy; i didn’t mean to be disrespectful END
START  apologises accepted, but mind what you say in future END
START  (sadly) can i go out now? END
START  of course you can, but remember what we’ve said, if you see this james character you end it, or i will END
START  if you defy us END
START  she won’t will you love? END
START  no daddy, i won’t, i promise END
START  (noticing carol is upset) are you okay? END
START  no i’m not; mummy and daddy say i have to stop seeing you END
START  why? we’ve done nothing wrong END
START  it’s where you live, what you are END
START  what’s that supposed to mean? oh i get it; i’m not good enough for their precious daughter, or have you just found someone else? END
START  of course there’s no one else i’m so sorry, i really like you a lot but i can’t disobey my parents END
START  i’ll bet they have someone else lined up already END
START  it’s not like that at all, i don’t care who or what you are, i love you but i can’t go against my parent’s wishes END
START  like, love?  which one is it? i know how i feel, you’re the only one for me, i love you and i always will END
START  we’re too young to be in love, it’s just infatuation, we will get over it END
START  that’s mummy and daddy talking, tell me you don’t love me, tell me to go and i’ll leave now and never come back END
START  i don’t want you to go but what can i do, we can hardly run away together can we? i do love you but it has to end, we have no option END
START  (angrily)you mean you have no option; you want to keep your nice middle class lifestyle so i have to go END
START  james! END
START  i’m sorry, i didn’t mean that, i know it has to end but one day i’ll be worthy of you, even in the eyes of your parents END
START  i thought love made you happy, but it doesn’t, love hurts END
START  several people are already present when anne and her teenage son roy enter with the vicar END
START  it was a lovely service vicar, i can’t thank you enough END
START  i am only sorry i didn’t know your husband better, he seemed such a fine man and i only ever heard good things about him END
START  he was a lovely man; i really don’t know how i’ll cope without him END
START  i know it’s a cliché, but time is a great healer END
START  but how do i cope now? (she starts to cry and roy holds her) END
START  it will be okay mum, i’ll look after you, i’ll stay here and get a job END
START  you will not, you’ll go back to cambridge and make your father proud of you; you’ll make me proud of you too END
START  just remember i am always available if you need me, day or night END
START  fine man vicar, he will be missed at the factory, he was just getting into the swing of the job and everyone liked him, no airs and graces like some southerners END
START  it is a real tragedy, they’ve only been up here a few months and some drunken idiot drives straight into him, and on the wrong side of the road i hear END
START  rather an unchristian attitude, we are all god’s children after all END
START  sorry vicar; but it is so wrong that a decent man’s life can be snuffed out by some stupid drunken yob END
START  hardly a yob, his father’s a local magistrate END
START  he’s still a yob in my eyes END
START  (to robert) END
START  he was my boss for god’s sake even if it was only for a few months; you didn’t seriously think i could come on my own? END
START  well you do virtually everything else without me; i hardly see nowadays you’re always at work or off to some conference or other END
START  you know very well her name is alisha and i couldn’t do my job without her END
START  you said the same thing last year, but nothing has changed, i sometimes think you love your job more than me END
START  i promise, this time it will be different, this contract may be the answer to all the company’s problems END
START  (sarcastically) END
START  sorry to disturb you here bob but your mobile is switched off and i have just had a message that alan cameron from caledonian investments he wants to talk to you urgently, some problem has come up with the contract and he wants to sort it out today so it can be signed and sealed by next weekend END
START  trip to scotland? you never mentioned any trip to scotland END
START  no, of course not, i knew you would react like this so i thought it would be best if i didn’t mention it END
START  mrs murray i don’t know what makes you think there is anything going on between bob, i mean mr END
START  if you think i believe that rubbish you must think i am really stupid END
START  i swear there is nothing going on between me and alisha, look, we have to go, we can talk about this later, i’ll explain everything when i get home END
START  there is nothing more to say, go and don’t come back! END
START  the action moves to roy and anne) END
START  mum, are you going to stay around here? after all you hardly know anyone END
START  i suppose i could go back to sussex but it is so expensive down there, i’m not sure i can afford it END
START  you could move down to cambridge and stay with me END
START  i don’t think so, you will be very busy with your studying and i wouldn’t want to cramp your style, you don’t want your mum looking over your shoulder when you are planning a night on the town END
START  i’m sure i’ll be alright; i have my memories to keep me warm END
START  not many in tonight, wonder why i bother sometimes END
START  you bother because you have nothing else to do, and neither do i END
START  i suppose, say isn’t that jane rogers, (slowly) no, but it looks like her END
START  god bobby how far back are you going now? i know mary hurt you when she dumped you but for god’s sake get over it and move on END
START  i have moved on, i had to; she kicked me out of the house END
START  how did i ever let you talk me into coming here, i got rid of one useless man, i certainly don’t want another one END
START  we didn’t force you; let’s face it you were bored witless staying in every night END
START  i was not; i am really into casualty and ant and dec END
START   give it a chance, it’s early, it picks up after nine, well sometimes it does END
START  bobby! i’m not stopping, i’m going END
START  of course not we’re not stupid, well we are, but not that stupid END
START  you can’t go now; it will look like you are afraid of being in the same room as him END
START  i’m not afraid of him; i just don’t want anything more to do with the useless, lying, cheating, swine END
START  i knew he was useless a liar and a swine all men are, but i never knew he cheated on you?  END
START  oh he denied it, but there’s no way he was just working overtime every other night END
START  come on let’s get a seat and i’ll get the drinks in, you don’t have to go anywhere near him END
START  no, i’m going; this has ruined any chance of me having a good night out END
START  are you going to be good or do we have to tie you to that chair? END
START  okay, leave me alone; just don’t expect me to have a good time END
START  we won’t END
START  (to the barman) END
START  certainly madam END
START  no thank you END
START  well if it isn’t carol jones as was, what the hell are you doing in a place like this? END
START  get lost john; you tried that line three weeks ago END
START  did i? i must be losing it END
START  you never had it to start with END
START  you love me really don’t you? END
START  dream on! END
START  oh i do, every night END
START  that’s all it’s ever going to be boy, a dream! you really are a fool END
START  sings “oh carol” in a jokey way) END
START  well if it’s not barbara smith! it is! as i live and breathe END
START  we come in here every week and you come out with the same inane rubbish every week, no wonder amy left you END
START  she left me because she was jealous of all the girls wanting my body END
START  the only women who wanted your body were the desperate dames you got off with in places like this END
START  you say the nicest things END
START  why don’t you just shut up for a while, you’re even getting on my nerves now, never mind those two END
START  sorry, just trying to lighten the mood a little, nothing wrong with a bit of banter with the opposite sex END
START  i was trying to give us the lifestyle i thought she wanted; i spent thousands on jewellery, and the house, everything any normal woman could ever want END
START  did you ever ask her if that was what she wanted?  END
START  of course it’s what she wanted; she just didn’t like what it cost to get them END
START  there was nothing wrong with her, look, it’s like when you go into a restaurant and order the best steak in the house, then a man at the next table has the fish and you think “that looks nice, wish i’d ordered that” END
START  the girls are right you do talk a lot of drivel END
START  my name is chris and i am your waiter for tonight END
START  can i have a white wine spritzer please? chris? don’t i know you?  END
START  yes madam i work for your husband, well i used to work for him, i ‘m still with the company i just work in here part time to earn a bit extra, helps with the bills END
START  it’s very kind of you to say so END
START  so it’s just a white wine sprirtzer? END
START  (absentmindedly) oh, yes END
START  he sees her immediately and she sees him, he keeps staring she avoids his gaze a little confused by it) END
START  who’s the new girl in the corner? (speaking to the barman) END
START  not seen her before, she came in on her own END
START  not many come here on their own; usually have a girlfriend or two in tow END
START  actually i don’t think she realises its singles bar END
START  how could she not know? it’s called “singles” for god’s sake! END
START  probably thought it referred to the drinks END
START  you know sam; you say some daft things at times END
START  yes, why? END
START  i’ll pay for that END
START  certainly sir, and thank you, but actually i think you’re wasting your time END
START  why’s that?  END
START  well sir, i used to work for her husband, he died a few months ago, really close they were, really close END
START  thanks for the info, but give her the drink anyway, you never know END
START  okay, but you’re wasting your time END
START  he points to adam and whispers something to anne, then he places down the drink and returns to the bar) END
START  what did she say?  END
START  “she said “thanks” but she would pay for it herself END
START  (absentmindedly) “no, keep it END
START  (she starts to put her purse away and a picture of her late husband falls out END
START  okay, what did he say? END
START  nothing, he doesn’t know you’re here, yet END
START  he always did walk around with his eyes shut, he didn’t notice me when he was at home, i’m not surprised he hasn’t noticed me in here END
START  sounds to me like you want him to see you END
START  of course not, but for heaven’s sake i ‘m only 30 feet away!! END
START  keep your voice down or he will hear you if he doesn’t see you END
START  this is ridiculous, he’s bound to see you soon enough, why not approach him and get it over with END
START  i will not! if he wants to talk to me he can come to me END
START  but he doesn’t realise you’re here END
START  oh to hell with it END
START  just going to the loo END
START  so this is what you get up to now, can’t get enough from that floozie at work so you come here END
START  whoa, what are you on about and never mind me, what the hell are you doing here?  END
START  that’s it, avoid the question END
START  i am not avoiding the question; i’m asking you a better one END
START  you think i believe that, i’ll bet you’ve been in here every weekend since i threw you out END
START  look, if you don’t believe me ask john END
START  (rather too quickly)  never sir END
START  men! you all stick together and lie through your teeth END
START  i am sick of him and his lies; i could kill him, the sooner my marriage is over the better END
START  that’s the trouble with marriage; it’s just like a game of cards END
START  how do you mean? END
START  well you start off with two hearts and a diamond and end up wishing for a club and a spade! END
START  wife?  (john nods) thought so END
START  might as well, same again END
START  he is well dressed, suit, the lot he strolls to the bar and orders a drink) END
START  large bacardi and coke please END
START  hi END
START  yes, how did you know? END
START  just a guess, you looked a bit lost END
START  i am a bit, though i used to live locally END
START  (with a sudden recognition) i thought i recognised you; it’s james, james simpson, where the hell have you been? END
START  oh, here and there END
START  well here and there doesn’t seem to have done you much harm END
START  no END
START  nice, i take it that if you’re in here you’re not attached END
START  no, i was for a while but it didn’t work out END
START  sorry to hear that END
START  you? END
START  to be honest i’m not quite sure END
START   pardon? END
START  well technically i am still married, but i won’t be for long if the wife has her way END
START  sounds like we’re in the same boat, saturday night and no date END
START    i got in town a month ago  i've seen a lot of girls since then,  if i could meet 'em i could get 'em  but as yet i haven't met 'em  thats how i'm in the state i'm in END
START  have another drink END
START  thanks, i will END
START  the scene moves to the girls) END
START  come on you two, drink up, my round END
START  two white wines and a whisky and soda barman if you please END
START  (speaking to james) END
START  rich? we don’t get “rich” in here very often END
START  give it a rest barbara; he’s only just got back in town END
START  back? you mean you used to live around here and you came back, are you insane? END
START  to be honest it feels good to be back END
START  there’s no accounting for taste, mind you, yours is suspect by the company you’re keeping now END
START  see him at the bar with those two, he’s loaded and he reckons he used to live around here, but i don’t recognise him END
START  oh but i do END
START  yes, now you mention it i do recognise him; mind you he’s changed a lot END
START  that was just kids stuff; we were only fourteen or fifteen END
START  first love, always the hardest to forget END
START   it was never serious, well not that serious END
START  what happened, who dumped who? END
START  it was my mum really, said he was a waste of space and wouldn’t let him in the house END
START  i bet she would now; he can come home with me anytime END
START  you’d have anybody in trousers END
START  not true, i’d much rather have them out of their trousers END
START  how did danny ever put up with you so long? how many men did you have whilst you were married to the poor sap? END
START  not as many as i would have liked END
START  you promised it was for better or worse END
START   that was before i knew how “worse” it was going to be! END
START  have you got any intention of settling down again with just one man? END
START  no intention whatsoever, but i might make an exception in his case END
START  you really are incorrigible! (they all laugh) END
START  adam approaches and speaks to her) END
START  i do hope i didn’t offend you offering that drink, i was just trying to be friendly END
START  no, i wasn’t offended but i would rather buy my own thank you END
START  do you mind if i join you? no strings and i won’t try to buy you another drink END
START  to be honest i’d rather you didn’t, i’d rather be on my own END
START  (sitting down) END
START  i suppose not END
START  i find that difficult to believe, a lovely lady like you END
START  look if you must know i lost my husband a few months ago and this is the first time i have been out since the funeral END
START  (feigning surprise) oh i am sorry; i shouldn’t have intruded on you END
START  no, stay, you weren’t to know END
START  (sitting down again) END
START  (she smiles and they begin to chat) END
START   (to james) END
START  i didn’t mind, it was fun in a strange way END
START  used to be, carol wadsworth now END
START  married?  END
START   course not; she wouldn’t be in here if she was END
START  well you’re married and so is your wife and you’re both in here END
START  like i said, that’s just a technicality END
START  anyway, how come you know carol, and why so interested? END
START  oh i just knew her at school; we went out for a while END
START  funny, i seem to find that, no matter how the years unwind,  still i reminisce about the giri i miss and the love i left behind END
START   (to mary) END
START  i’ve told you why END
START  you only told us you thought he was having an affair, of which you have no proof whatsoever as far as we know END
START  god barbara, you at least should now what men are like, you’ve had enough of them! END
START  that’s not a nice thing to say to a friend, it’s true, but it’s not a nice thing to say END
START  i “dumped him” as you put it because he was hardly ever at home and when he was he was “somewhere else” END
START  in fairness to the man he did work every hour god sent END
START  that was his story, but i think he was with that secretary of his, that’s why he was always so tired END
START  okay, give us one bit of proof that he was having it away with her or anyone else? END
START  oh do shut up!! END
START  thought so, no proof whatsoever END
START  i hate to say it but barbara has a point END
START  shut up both of you END
START  (to barbara) END
START )  when people ask of me,  “what would you like to be now that you’re not a kid anymore?” (you’re not a kid anymore END
START  thank you for staying, i’ve enjoyed talking to you, it was nice to talk about alan, i hope i didn’t bore you? END
START  of course not, it sounds like he was a great guy END
START  oh he was, everyone liked alan, he got on with everyone END
START  yeh, you said END
START  i did bore you, i knew i had END
START  no you didn’t; but you did just talk about alan, what about you? END
START  me? oh i’m not very interesting, just a housewife and mother, i have son, at university, he’s at cambridge END
START  (impressed) cambridge, but i didn’t mean that, i meant what do you like, what do you want to do with the rest of your life? END
START  i did like to go to the theatre, i loved the ballet and alan always came with me, though i had to keep nudging him to keep him awake END
START  but what now, what are you planning to do now you’re on your own? END
START  i have no idea, i have not even thought of the future END
START  sounds to me that you are giving up on life END
START  i have no friends to speak of up here, but i do like the area END
START   me? i’m a travelling salesman, and no, i don’t travel in ladies underwear, i sell computer software END
START  tell me about her END
START  oh what a night) END
START  late december back in '63 END
START  sounds like you still love her END
START  maybe, all i know is i’ve never felt the same about anyone else END
START  is that why you chase all the women, don’t look so innocent, the waiter told me all about you END
START  never trust a waiter END
START  i thought you might be fun, and you were END
START  i take it you want me to go now? END
START  only if you want to END
START  (strangely subdued) END
START  yes please END
START  the scene moves to the bar again where james has rejoined john and bobby) END
START  (looking towards anne and adam) END
START  who him?  thinks he’s god’s gift that one END
START  and everyone knows it’s you that’s god’s gift END
START  not my fault the ladies love me END
START  seems to me that carol and barbara have no problem ignoring your charms END
START  oh i’m not after carol; its just banter, but i have to say i do quite fancy barbara END
START  (sarcastically) END
START  that might be fun, playing “ring a ring a roses” especially the “we all fall down bit” END
START  you’re more likely to catch a cold from the “atishoo, atishoo” bit! END
START  what about you bobby, you and mary i mean, any chance of you two getting back together? END
START  i doubt it, i made too many mistakes, i didn’t show her how much i loved her enough, well, that’s what she said END
START  if you think you can change why don’t you tell her? END
START  i doubt she would listen END
START  a wise man once said “you only regret what you don’t do” and i think he was right END
START  are you referring to me and mary or you and carol? END
START  you and mary of course END
START  it sounded to me like you have some regrets too END
START  not really, it was too long ago, we were only kids END
START  are you trying to persuade me or yourself? END
START  i’m not trying to persuade anyone of anything, i just think you should give your marriage another try END
START  you’re right on the first part, not so sure on the second END
START  like james said, worth a try what have you got to lose? END
START  i do have some pride left END
START  great stuff, “pride” keeps you warm at night i hear END
START  i’ve just been END
START   me too but we’ll pretend we’ve got prostate trouble and go again! END
START  (to the barman, pointedly ignoring bobby) END
START  i see you still drink your whisky without the ice END
START  at least you noticed something from when we were together, anything else come to mind? END
START  (he takes a deep breath) END
START  i can count on the fingers of one hand the number of times you said that to me in the last two years END
START  i thought you knew how i felt about you END
START  women like to hear it bobby, regularly, i hardly ever saw you never mind heard you END
START  be fair mary, i was working a hell of a lot to pay for everything END
START  you said you were working, but you were always with that secretary of yours; don’t try to tell me there was nothing going on END
START  i swear there was nothing going on between me and alisha; she’s as happily married as i thought i was END
START  even if i believed you, which i still don’t, (though she obviously does) you ruined our marriage, you were never there END
START  if you don’t believe anything else please believe me when i say i always loved you and still do END
START  (picking up her drinks) END
START  no i don’t, and i don’t think you do either END
START   what’s going on, we saw you talking to bobby, i thought you were going to ignore him? END
START  (confused) END
START  okay which one is it, you are or you were? END
START  i was END
START  yes, i remember, he worked all hours god sent to give you all the good things in life; i should be so lucky to find such an inconsiderate man END
START  you make it sound so perfect but not having anyone to talk to night after night is no fun i can tell you END
START  you don’t think we don’t both know that? END
START  i’m sorry, of course you do but it’s different when you’re supposed to have a man in your life END
START  maybe that’s true, but technically you still do have a man in your life and it seems with a little effort you could still have one in reality END
START  i don’t want my boring old fart back but i wouldn’t mind someone to cuddle up to every now and then END
START  you said you weren’t interested in finding a partner, you said you just wanted to play the field END
START  i lied END
START  what i have is just a dream, you could have reality END
START  what time is it? END
START  it’s only ten fifteen, but i’ve had enough tonight, shall we go? END
START  yes i’ve had enough too, how about you mary? END
START  (somewhat reluctantly) END
START  hey mary, can i offer you all a lift END
START  thanks martin, it’s not out of your way is it? END
START  no, it’s right on your route END
START  yes, just around the corner from me END
START  great, come on, i’m parked just across the road END
START  i can’t believe we’ve been seeing each other for over a month and carol and mary haven’t found out END
START  would it be so terrible if they did? END
START  i would rather keep it to ourselves, at least for a while END
START  i don’t see why? END
START  it’s just i don’t want to risk spoiling what we have END
START  why, what do we have? END
START  that’s just it, i don’t know what we have, do you? END
START  well we’ve been seeing each other virtually every day for nearly six weeks and we still seem to enjoy each other’s company and the other night was wonderful END
START   it was wasn’t it and you’re right we do get on well, but it still doesn’t mean we should get too involved END
START  if what we‘ve been doing for the last few weeks is not getting too involved i don’t know what is END
START  (exasperated)  oh i don’t know, it’s just it has happened so quickly, we haven’t had time to think it all through END
START  so what are you saying, do you want to end it? END
START  no, of course not, it’s just i am worried we are getting carried away; we’re acting like a couple of kids END
START  i see nothing wrong with acting like a couple of kids, i have had to grow old, i refuse to grow up END
START  that’s the difference between us, i have grown up, i’m an adult and i feel i should act like one END
START  i was only kidding about not growing up, but surely we have a right to fall in love no matter how old we are? END
START  is that how you feel; are you in love with me? END
START  well if i am completely honest at this moment i can’t say i am totally sure, but i am 90% sure and i would like the opportunity to add the other 10% END
START  it’s that 10% i am worried about; it’s why i want to wait awhile before saying anything to the others END
START  okay, we will keep quiet about it for a bit longer if that’s what you want END
START  it is, and thank you for being so understanding END
START  if it’s what you want that’s what we’ll do, now let’s get to the restaurant, i’m starving END
START  the girls are already in the bar, bobby and john enter) END
START  see, i told you she would be in again END
START  (sarcastically) END
START  well barbara said he was just giving them all a lift home, he works with mary at the bank and he’s gay for god’s sake END
START   okay, but it doesn’t mean she’s in here to see me END
START   err END
START  no you damn well didn’t and you know you didn’t END
START  nothing serious, but i’m living in hopes END
START  the mind boggles END
START  be fair, you don’t know all the rumours are true and let’s face it i’ve been no angel END
START  if only half the rumours are true i still think even you’ve bitten off more than you can chew END
START   that’s easy, i‘ve become a vegetarian; seriously she’s nothing like you’d imagine when you’re on your own with her, she’s clever and funny and really great to be with END
START  oh my god, it sounds like you’re smitten! END
START  i am a bit, but honestly she can be really nice END
START  i’ll just have to take your word for that END
START   (noticing that mary and carol are heading for the loo) END
START  oh don’t mind me, i’m used to rejection END
START  hi END
START  yes, of course, but i haven’t told carol and mary yet, have you told bobby? END
START   well yes, it just slipped out END
START  bang goes our agreement to keep it to ourselves for now END
START  sorry, forgive me? END
START  i suppose i’ll have to END
START  is that what i am, a shock?  END
START   not you personally, just the idea that i’m going out with someone, not just a casual someone END
START  it’s nice to now i’m not just a casual someone, whatever that is END
START  you know what i mean END
START  if you mean someone who’s serious about you and wants a serious relationship, then yes, i do END
START  well yes, but let’s not rush things END
START  we’re a bit old for taking our time, we’re not kids anymore END
START  what does that mean exactly? END
START  i’m saying i’ve acquired that extra 10%, i love you and i want to spend what’s left of my life with you END
START  my god, i didn’t think you were that serious!! END
START   well i am, is it a problem? i get it; i’m not good enough for you END
START  where did that come from? when have i ever said that? END
START  well what are you saying? END
START  i’m saying i was not expecting all this to happen so quickly, what am i saying; i never expected it to happen at all at my age END
START  you’re not that old, and anyway it confirms what i said, we are too old to be taking too much time over this END
START  if i knew the question i might answer it END
START  it’s simple and old fashioned, will you marry me? END
START  but we hardly know each other END
START  what’s to know, i’m divorced, your divorced, we both have grown up children who have fled the nest, we’ve both been lonely and now we’re not, and i love you, what more do you need to know? END
START  it’s so sudden, i can’t take it in END
START  you do think i’m not good enough for you, that’s it isn’t it? END
START  for the last time, that’s not it, i think you’re wonderful END
START  so what’s your answer? END
START  (she sings “you’ve got what it takes”) END
START  and you don't look like a movie star and on your money we won't get far END
START  is that a yes?  END
START  of course it is you fool!! END
START  they are joined by a stunned bobby) END
START  what the hell is going on?  (she pulls john away from barbara END
START  its okay, it’s okay END
START  like hell it is, he can’t go around just snogging any woman he likes, we should call the police END
START  you don’t understand, i was kissing him END
START  (incredulously) END
START  because i love him END
START  (incredulously) END
START  you heard you big lummox, i love you END
START  (to carol) END
START  of course not END
START  don’t look at me; i’m as dumbfounded as you END
START  look, we met up a few times and we realised what we felt for each other was real so we END
START   john, just shut up and do what you’re good at END
START  well damn me, i think i’ve seen everything now END
START  (still with his arm around barbara) END
START  he sees the group and joins them) END
START  looks like i’ve missed something, what’s going on? END
START  barbara and bobby, that’s what’s going on END
START  no kidding, good on you two END
START  i’m not so sure END
START  oh don’t be such a killjoy, when you think about it they’re made for each other, (pause) just like us END
START  since when have we been made for each other? END
START  since the day we met and you know it END
START  i do not know it END
START   (he looks her very closely in the eye and slowly and tenderly kisses her) END
START  i suppose i do END
START  (to james) END
START  would that be such a bad thing?  END
START  no i suppose it wouldn’t END
START  anyway you’ve got a man in your life now haven’t you? END
START  oh you mean martin, no he’s not my boyfriend, we just meet up occasionally for a drink after work, there’s nothing going on END
START  my mistake, i thought when i saw you two together last night you were an item, i hope you didn’t mind my butting in but i was glad to see you again END
START  no i didn’t mind at all, it was just we had a table booked, we had to go END
START  oh that’s okay, it’s your life, i don’t want to appear nosey END
START  i’d never think that of you, even after all this time i hope we are still friends END
START  definitely, i will always be your friend END
START  close your eyes and think of me and soon i will be there to brighten up even your darkest nights END
START  that might have been us a few years ago if it hadn’t been for your mum END
START  white wine please END
START  (to barman) END
START  don’t blame her too much, she was only doing what she thought was right END
START  i suppose so; i wasn’t much of a catch for her only daughter back then was i? END
START  you know what parents are like; they just want the best for their kids END
START  true, i would have probably done the same in her position END
START  do you have kids? END
START  no, my ex wife and i were only together a couple of years; it was never going to work out END
START  just one, brian, he’s in dubai working for a bank END
START  so you’re on your own now? END
START  well not really, mary and barbara are always around, though i’m not sure how much i’ll see of them now END
START  i’m sure they won’t desert you, they’re your friends and you know i am too END
START  you’ve only just got here, can’t you stay for a while, or is she the type who dislikes it when people are late, i know i do END
START  to be honest i don’t know, only just met her this week, she works on the reception at my offices END
START  (hiding her disappointment that it is a woman he is meeting) END
START  that’s true END
START  i hadn’t thought of that, i suppose you’re right, but i will probably see you around, this town is not very big END
START  that’s very true END
START   (she sings “crying”) END
START  white wine spritzer?  END
START  yes please END
START   (to the barman) END
START  you never say please do you? END
START   don’t i? does it matter? END
START  there’s no charge for manners, that’s what alan used to say END
START  he really meant a lot to you didn’t he? END
START  well, yes, we were together a long time END
START  are you sure he was as wonderful as you are painting him? END
START   i don’t know what you mean END
START  well he sounds so bloody perfect, no man’s that good END
START  but alan was, he was lovely, everyone liked him END
START   not everyone, he’s getting on my nerves for a start END
START  whatever do you mean? END
START   in your eyes he’s so damn perfect no other man could ever aspire to match him END
START  i don’t expect anyone to match him; i just thought i could find someone a bit like him END
START  so why take up with the likes of me? because i’m nothing like him END
START  because i thought you were nice and, well i thought you might be fun END
START  and am i? END
START  well not when you’re like this END
START  i’ll tell you exactly what i’m like END
START  i knew that’s what you were like, but you’ve been lovely with me, attentive and considerate, i thought we were friends END
START  you just don’t get it do you? END
START  get what? END
START  look, i set out to get you into bed, then i had second thoughts, i have no idea why, well i do, you’re just too nice for the likes of me to take advantage of END
START  you make me sound like a nun END
START  you’re not a nun, but you’re used to something better than me, you’re used to being given flowers, presents, all the things nice guys give to nice girls END
START  i thought END
START  don’t think anything END
START   what if i said i didn’t want roses? END
START  that’s the trouble, you do, and you deserve them END
START  chris realises something has happened and comes over) END
START  are you okay mrs END
START   thanks chris but no, there’s nothing anyone can do END
START  are you sure? END
START  yes, i’m sure END
START  (taking out her picture of alan) END
START  how long does it take to get a marriage licence? END
START  i have no idea, but let’s get one as quick as we can before we both have an attack of common sense END
START  i agree, let’s keep common sense out of this END
START )  everyone apart from john, barbara, james and anne are already in the club listening to the band play some soft, quiet music END
START  three cheers for the happy couple, hip hip, hooray, hip hip, hooray, hip hip, hooray END
START  is anyone going to get me a drink?  (champagne is handed to both barbara and john) END
START  i’d rather have a pint END
START  philistine!! END
START  yes, but i’m your philistine END
START  yes you are, so do as you’re told and drink the champagne END
START  (feigning subservience) END
START  (directed at the band) END
START  certainly madam, what do you fancy? END
START  well not that dire stuff you’ve been playing, come on let’s rip it up END
START  well, it's saturday night and i just got paid, fool about my money, don't try to save, my heart says go go, have a time, saturday night and i'm feelin' fine,  i'm gonna rock it up, i'm gonna rip it up, i'm gonna shake it up, gonna ball it up, i'm gonna rock it up, and ball tonight END
START  at the back james appears and carol sees him and the curtain closes) END
