START what 2 continents meet at egypt? END
START what land bridge between asian and africa? END
START how larger is egypt? END
START what sea borders egypt to the east? END
START what country borders egypt to the south? END
START how far back does egypt's history date back? END
START why is egypt considered a cradle of civilisation? END
START what were some of egypt's foreign influences? END
START what are iconic monumuents of egypt? END
START in what century were islamic conquests of egypt? END
START how many inhabitants does egypt have? END
START what is the rank of egypt popultaion among african nations? END
START majority of egypt people live near what river? END
START what desert constitutes most of egypt territory? END
START what leader stepped down in 2011? END
START what party rose to power after 2011 resignation of egypt leader? END
START what economic sectors does egypt have? END
START what influence does egypt have? END
START what is the egyptian arabic name for egypt? END
START what is the hebrew name for egypt? END
START what is the oldest term for egypt? END
START what does the oldest know term for egypt translate to? END
START during 6000 bc what area was occupied by a neolithic culture? END
START what culture succeeded the naqada culture? END
START when is the earliest hieroglyghics date back? END
START how long did cultures coexist in lower egypt? END
START how long was the upheval of the first intermediate period? END
START in 1650 bc lower egypt was control by what invaders? END
START what new capital was founded in 1650, lower egypt? END
START what was the first foreign ruling dynasty of egypt? END
START what year were the new kingdom in control? END
START what dynasty maked the rise of egypt as international power? END
START who were some well known pharaohs of the new kindom? END
START who were some of the invaders to egypt during the new kingdom? END
START who took control of egypt in 525 bc? END
START what pharaoh was captured by the group led by camyses ii? END
START from where did camyses ii rule egypt? END
START what was the duration of the 27th dynasty of egypt? END
START what were the reaches of the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START what was the capital in the prolemaic kingdom? END
START what were leaders known as during ptolemaic kingdom? END
START what religious life was the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START who was last ruler of ptolemaic kingdom? END
START who captured alexandria, ending ptolemaic rule? END
START how did mark anthony's love die? END
START what culture annexed egypt? END
START who took control of egypt from sasanian persian rule? END
START what war gave sasanin persians control of egypt? END
START how long were sasanin persians ruling egypt? END
START what religion did arabs bring to egypt? END
START who modernized egyptian army? END
START in what 2 ways was army improved? END
START why did military use barracks? END
START what traits grew among military men that helped ali maintain rule? END
START who partnered with egypt to build suez canal? END
START in what year did egypt sell its portion of suez canal? END
START to whom did egypt sell its interest in suez canal? END
START who sold egypt's portion of suez? END
START when was new constitution drafted? END
START what system of government was constitution based on? END
START who was elected in 1924? END
START who succeeded king farouk? END
START how long did british military presence remain in egypt? END
START in what year did egypt and syria form a sovereign union? END
START what was the sovereign union with syria known? END
START how long did the union with syria last? END
START who warned of impending israeli attack on syria in may 1967? END
START who found the claims of israeli attack baseless? END
START how many steps did nasser take in preparation for war? END
START on what day did nasser state "the battle will be a general one and our basic objective will be to destroy israel?" END
START how many rich, upper class were in egypt in 1950s? END
START how many middle class were in egypt in 1950s END
START how many lower class were in egypt in 1950s END
START what professions made up the buld on middle class under nasser? END
START what direction did the egypt economy take in the 1960s? END
START when did nasser die? END
START who succeeded nasser? END
START which side of the cold war was sadat? END
START what was the october war? END
START what did sadat exchange for the remainder of sinai? END
START what was encouraged through infitah? END
START what tools did infitah use to attract investment? END
START what occured in 1977? END
START what was largely ignored and upset many of sadat's polidy? END
START what group dominated the political scene when mubarak was in power? END
START what laws created in 1990s impacted culture? END
START when did parliamentary politics become irrelevant in egypt? END
START what did constitutional changes in 2007 prohibit? END
START what was the long term goal for egypt? END
START what presidential powers were included in 2007 law changes? END
START what was dr. ali el deen hilal dessouki's position? END
START when was interim government instituted? END
START what was the support by voters for referendum? END
START who was elected president in 2014? END
START what group boycotted the elections? END
START when does most of egypts rain fall? END
START where does snow fall in egypt? END
START when was the last snow fall in cairo? END
START what is the sunniest county in the world? END
START how many species of plants were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of fungi were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of algae were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of animals were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of protazoa were recorded in egypt? END
START what branch of government are the house of representatives focused on? END
START what tems do house of representatives serve? END
START what percent of votes did el-sisi get?  END
START who came in second place in election for egypt president to es-sisi? END
START who were primary targets of egypt terrorist attacks? END
START what was the name of a high profile terrorist group in egypt in 1990s? END
START what sector of economy was plagued by terrorism attacks? END
START when was new constitution institutionalised? END
START how long are presidential terms? END
START how many terms may a president serve? END
START who may impeach the president? END
START what may not be basis for political party? END
START where does egypt rank for religious freedom according to pew forum? END
START what percentage of egyptians polled support death penalty for those leaving islam? END
START what violation could result in stoning and was supported by 82% of egyptian responders? END
START what trend has egypt healthcare made recently? END
START how much of ppopulation can be covered by immunization programs? END
START what was life expectancy in 1960s? END
START what was the life expectancy in 2009? END
START what direction has infant mortality rate taken? END
START according to qs world university rankings where does cairo university rank? END
START according to qs world university rankings, where does american university in cairo rank? END
START according to qs world university rankings and al-azhar university, alexandria university and ain shams university are all ranked where? END
START what is the aim of new research institutes? END
START what do coptic christians face? END
START when government computerised id cards who were adversely impacted? END
START when did egyptian court rule that members of other faiths could obtain id cards without listing faith? END
START what controversial practice does egypt actively administer as punishment? END
START in march 2014 what number of people were sentenced to death in a single hearing? END
START what was muslim brotherhood labelled post coup? END
START what former president's supporters are set to be executed? END
START what us president was critical of egypt's repression of muslim brotherhood? END
START how many individuals did one judge in minya governatorate court sentence to death in april 2013? END
START what was the criticism of judge mohammad nagi shatata sentence of 188 member of muslim brotherhood for assaulting police station? END
START how much military assistance di us give egypt in 2015? END
START what event soured relations of us and egypt in 2013? END
START equipment from what country is being replaced? END
START how many factories does egyptian military have? END
START after morsi removal, what country has egypt improved relations with? END
START in 2014 what country did egypt form partnership with? END
START where is the arab league headquarters? END
START who is the leader of arab league? END
START what 2 gulf monarchies have pledged billions of dollars to help egypt overcome recent economic difficulties? END
START what country has egypt famously had peace with since 1973 treaty? END
START is israel considered a safe state for egyptians? END
START what rope has egypt played in middle east peace efforts? END
START what areas of economy is egypt dependent on? END
START where do egyptians working abroad work mainly? END
START what lake reulted from completion of aswan high dam? END
START what year was aswan high dam completed? END
START what is egypts energy market based upon? END
START how much coal is mine yearly in northeast sinai? END
START is egypt able to sustain just from its own energy production? END
START what efforts were made in 2013 to maintain sustainability? END
START what has been the trend lately in the egypt economy? END
START what area of business have boomed lately in egypt? END
START what was change made to corporate taxes in 2005? END
START what ws the overall impact to tax revenue from change of corporate tax rate? END
START how much had fdi increased to in 2006? END
START since 2011 direction has forign direct investment gone? END
START what has been the change in foreign exhange reserves since 2011? END
START what has been the overall growth of economy since 2011? END
START to what extent does wealth reach from affluent down to average population? END
START who do egyptians blame for higher prices, while purchasing power and standard of living are stagnate? END
START where did egyptian plan to get funds to use for reconstruction of infrastructure? END
START where did egypt rank in corruption perceptions index in 2013? END
START what are egypt's 2 most prominent multinational compnaies? END
START what sector has expanded radiply by selling outsourcing services to north america and europe? END
START what has stimulated it sector? END
START where are egyptian beaches situated? END
START how far do egyptian beaches extend? END
START what locations on egypt's northern coast are major tourist destinations for recreational tourism? END
START what egypt located body of water is known for its serenity? END
START how much oil is egypt producing in a day? END
START how much natural gas is egypt producing in a day? END
START where does egypt rank among oil and natural gas sonsumers in africa? END
START where is egypt planning to build is first nuclear power plant? END
START what is consideredt the most important part of maritime transport in middle east? END
START is the suez canal natural? END
START what 2 bodies of water does suez connect? END
START when was suez canal completed? END
START how long is suez canal? END
START how deep is suez canal? END
START how wide is suez canal? END
START how many locks are contained in suez canal? END
START what direction does the canal north of bitter lakes flow? END
START what basic part of civilization has been characterized by achievement and challenges? END
START from 1990 to 2010 what was improvement in piped water supply to urban areas? END
START from 1990 to 2010 what was improvement in piped water supply to rural areas? END
START currently how much of egypt's population is connected to sanitary sewers? END
START because of low sanitation coverage 17,000 egyptian children to die each year from what condition? END
START relative to other countries of world how do egypts's water tariffs compare? END
START due to low waer tariffs, what is required to maintain water treatment operation? END
START what is the largest ethnic group in egypt? END
START what are the minorities that live in eastern deserts of egypt? END
START where are dom clans mostly gathered? END
START approximately how many rufugees and asylum seekers are in egypt? END
START how may palestinian refugees are in egypt? END
START how many recent iraqi refugees are in egypt? END
START what cities house several important jewish archaelogical sites? END
START what is official language of egypt? END
START what are main laguages of immigrants? END
START in the 19th century, what city of egypt was a large community of italian egyptians? END
START what are the three most spoken languages in egypt? END
START prior to 7th century, what was primary religion of egypt? END
START what became the main source of law with increasing islamic influence in egypt? END
START under what leader did islam become official religion of egypt? END
START what church do 90% of christian minority in egypt belong? END
START where are other non-native christian communities found? END
START what do syro-lebanese belong to? END
START what 3 religions does egypt recognise? END
START what recognition do baha'i and hmadi community get from egyptian government? END
START until what year did some minorities need to lie about religion or not get mandatory state issued id? END
START what color was frequently used in egyptian designs? END
START what art required adherence to rigid code? END
START what is the main performing arts venue in egyptian capital? END
START who designed the pyramid of djoser? END
START who was the first to develop literature? END
START what syles did writers in arabic literature experiment with first? END
START what was the first modern egyptian novel? END
START when was munammad huayn haykal's first modern novel published? END
START in what year was studio misr founded? END
START who financed studio misr? END
START in more that 100 years how many films have been produced in egypt? END
START what share of arab productions have come from egypt? END
START what elements mix for egyptian music? END
START who is credited with invention of music by ancient egyptians? END
START what artist are considered the golden age of egyptian music? END
START what is more contemporary egyptian pop singer? END
START what is the oldest era in egypt? END
START what are some examples of ages in egypt? END
START how many museums are found in egypt? END
START what is koshari? END
START what can be added to koshari? END
START what beans are used to make falafel? END
START what is a polular green soup of egypt? END
START what is the most popular sport in egypt? END
START what is one of the toughest derbies in the world, run in egypt? END
START in terms of international trophies, whos is the most successful club? END
START what was the last international competition egypt hosted? END
START who holds guiness record for deepest salt water scuba dive? END
START how deep did gabr dive? END
START in what body of water did gabr dive? END
START what millennium did mosaic start? END
START what kind of mosaic were made in tiryns? END
START who besides the romans did the jewish people get influenced by? END
START the norman kingdomwas in what italian city state? END
START when did mosaic fall out of fashion? END
START the pebble mosaics found at tiyns are from what age? END
START the beauty of durres is in what country? END
START the famous artists sosus was from what area? END
START when was the greek figure style mostly formed? END
START when was the famous mosaic "the beauty of durres" created? END
START what common artform is far more prestigious than mosaic? END
START which culture adapted the use of mosaics for large ground coverings in their villas? END
START most names of roman mosaic workers are what nationality? END
START often regular everyday craftsman were most likely what? END
START carthage and tunisia are in what general area? END
START what type of mosaic uses small tesserae? END
START what was the benefit of using small pieces to create a mosaic? END
START what were small panel mosaics known as? END
START what was the name of the mosaic technique that used larger tesserae? END
START why were black and white pieces used in most italian mosaics? END
START which caesar hired builders to construct the domus aurea? END
START when did figure wall mosaics become the highest form of artistic expression? END
START the church of santa costanza is in what country? END
START when was the domus aurea constructed? END
START the imperial family of rome used the church of santa costanza as what? END
START in what area of italy is the largest collection of mosaics in the world? END
START who most likely lived in the large villa rustica? END
START what caused the mosaics at the villa rustica to be protected for centuries?  END
START how long is the hunting scene at the villa rustica? END
START where in sicily were the "orpheus," and the "four seasons" discovered? END
START what scenes are depicted on the zliten mosaic? END
START when was the zliten mosaic discovered? END
START the mosaics uncovered in libya were from which century? END
START how long was the mural discovered in libya? END
START the gladiator mosaic is on par with the alexander mosaic in which city? END
START around what century were mosaics adapted for christian churches? END
START what christian church besides the santa costanza was built in the 4th century? END
START what was the original function of the santa costanza church? END
START in which basilica is the tomb of julii? END
START under what period were the 4th century churches built? END
START which city besides ravenna served as the capital of the western roman empire? END
START what is the name of the mosaic in the basilica of sant'ambrogio? END
START the shrine of san vittore in ciel d'oro had mosaics from which century? END
START who do the mosaics at the the basilica of san lorenzo depict as being abducted? END
START when was the baptistry at the basilica of sant'ambrogio demolished? END
START in the 5th century what was the capital of the western roman empire? END
START what years was the mausoleum of galla placidia decorated with mosaics? END
START what other famous landmark in ravenna was established by galla placidia?  END
START why did galla placidia erect the church of san giovanni evangelista? END
START when were most of the mosaics at the church of san giovanni evangelista destroyed? END
START when was ravenna conquered by the eastern roman empire? END
START when did the biggest achievement in christian mosaics take place? END
START what event led up to the creation of the amazing mosaics in in the basilica of san vitale? END
START when were the mosaics at the basilica of sant'apollinare created? END
START where are the remains of the apse mosaic of san michele? END
START the floor mosaic in butrint is how much older than that of the baptistry? END
START in what country is butrint? END
START what type of message was left on the mosaics at butrint? END
START what was the mosaic at butrint designed to portray? END
START the vrina plain basilica is in which city? END
START what was depicted on the butrint mosaics in abundance? END
START what do the katharos vase and vine refer to? END
START what do peacocks represent in christian symbolism? END
START what do most sea-creatures represent in christina symbolism? END
START what did deers or stags represent in christian symbolism? END
START when did conditions become difficult for mosaic art in rome? END
START when was the mosaic of sant'agata dei goti destroyed? END
START what was similar between the three most important 5th century mosaics? END
START when was the mosaic at santa sabina replaced with a fresco? END
START who was the artist that painted the fresco that replaced the mosaic at santa sobina? END
START during which centuries did rome fall under the influence of byzantine art? END
START the lateran palace was decorated with what? END
START what do most mosaics from the 7th-9th centuries have in common? END
START when was the mosaic at the church of santo stefano del cacco destroyed? END
START which mosaic survived through the 9th century, and then had a copy made in the 18th? END
START when were the mosaics at the great palace of constantinople commissioned? END
START what is considered the most important surviving mosaic of the justinian age? END
START what was the small vaulted room in the great palace of constantinople called? END
START vine scroll motifs are classified under what kind of tradition? END
START when were the mosaics at the church in thessaloniki created? END
START how many byzantine mosaics survived past the 8th century? END
START the mosaic in the church in thessaloniki is know as what? END
START why was christ in majesty protected from the iconoclastic destruction? END
START when were the panels in the hagios demetrios church created? END
START what is common about the surviving mosaics from the 7th-9th centuries? END
START why were mosaics destroyed in the iconoclastic era? END
START what was the common mosaic theme of iconoclastic churches? END
START when did the iconodules  change the cross in the hagia sophia? END
START when was the dormition church destroyed?  END
START when did the hagia irene adapt the iconoclastic era mosaics? END
START where is the nea moni monastery located? END
START who established the nea moni monastery? END
START when was the nea moni monastery established? END
START when was the mosaic at the nea moni monastery destroyed? END
START the nea moni mosaics are more detailed than what what other famous mosaics? END
START who restored the church of the holy sepulchre in the 1040's? END
START what survives of the mosaics that adorned the walls and dome of the church of the holy sepulchre? END
START who left the only description of the mosaics at the church of the holy sepulchre? END
START where did the russian abbot daniel travel in 1106-07? END
START when were the byzantine mosaics of the hagia sophia created? END
START the tympana under the dome had images of whom displayed? END
START when did the empress zoe die? END
START what does the empress give to christ as depicted by the mosaic? END
START who was depicted with the empress zoe on a panel in the gallery of the hagia sophia? END
START why are there so few surviving mosaics from the komnenian period? END
START where is the only existing 12th century mosaic in constantinople? END
START what deity does the 12th century mosaic in the hagia sophia depict? END
START the empress eirene had what color hair? END
START the only surviving mosaic from the komnenos dynasty outside constantinople is in what church? END
START how big were the tesserae in the komnenian period miniature mosaic icons? END
START what were the tesserae usually set in for miniature mosaic icons? END
START the more humanistic conception of christ appeared when? END
START what was the intended purpose of the miniature mosaic icons? END
START when was the church of the holy apostles built?  END
START who removed the gold tesserae in the background of the mosaic at the church of the holy apostles? END
START where is the theotokos paregoritissa church located? END
START who established the theotokos paregoritissa church in 1294-96? END
START the same team of mosaicists worked on the church of the holy apostles in thessaloniki as which other building? END
START where is the greatest mosaic work of the renaissance? END
START how many mosaic panels from naos have survived? END
START the panels of naos are only capped in importance by which other location? END
START who commissioned the mosaics at naos? END
START the panels from naos show what influence on byzantine art.  END
START when was the last period of roman mosaic art? END
START where is the church of santa maria? END
START who does the facade at the santa maria church depict? END
START when were the mosaics at torriti and jacopo fully restored? END
START what year was the medallion above the gate of the church of san tommaso? END
START who created the navicella mosaic in the old st. peter's church? END
START who commissioned the navicella mosaic? END
START who did the navicella mosaic depict walking on water? END
START what century was the majority of the navicella mosaic destroyed? END
START navicella means what in italian? END
START when was the height of mosaic art in sicily? END
START who adopted the byzantine mosaic tradition? END
START why did the normans adopt a byzantine art style? END
START who was influenced by western european and islamic tendencies? END
START the martorana church is an example of the best mosaic art in what part italy? END
START when was the martorana church decorated? END
START who is featured in the mosaic at the martorana church? END
START the martorana church was likely decorated by the same greek masters who decorated which church? END
START who was the founder of the martorana church? END
START who is receiving a crown from christ in the mosaic originally in the narthex? END
START what is the name of the largest mosaics in italy? END
START at least how many tesserae are used in the the monreale mosaics? END
START who commissioned the monreale mosaics between 1176 and 1186? END
START who is displayed getting crowned by christ in the monreale mosaics? END
START what is the king offering theotokos in the monreale mosaics?  END
START what region of italy was part of the norman empire? END
START the only surviving mosaic from norman held souther italy is what? END
START the mosaics in churches of ravello prove what? END
START what survives from the mosaics of amalfi's norman cathedral? END
START what year were the mosaic pavements installed at the otranto cathedral? END
START which area in italy besides sicily did mosaic art not go out of fashion in the middle ages? END
START which church in venice is decorated with elaborate golden mosaics? END
START when were the oldest scenes in st. mark's mosaics completed? END
START the majority of the mosaics in venice were created by who? END
START when was the sack of constantinople? END
START where is the cathedral of santa maria assunta? END
START when were the mosaics in the cathedral of santa maria assunta built? END
START where is the basilica of santi maria e donato located? END
START who purchased the 13th century mosaic from the the san cipriano church? END
START where did frederick william iv relocate the mural he purchased? END
START who hired byzantine experts to decorate a rebuilt abbey church? END
START after what time did the abbot of monte cassino send for byzantine mosaicists? END
START what animal was on the only surviving mosaics created by the greeks at the rebuilt abbey? END
START where are the only remaining greek mosaic panels now kept? END
START what was special about st mark's basilica in venice? END
START when was the latest addition to the facade at st mark's basilica in venice? END
START the cathedral of orvieto has a mosaic facade, done first in which century? END
START the basilica di san frediano in lucca has a large golden mosaic facade depicting which figure? END
START the cathedral of spoleto is signed by who? END
START what proves mosaics were used in the early middle ages? END
START where is the abbey of saint-martial? END
START when was the crypt of the abbey of saint-martial re-discovered? END
START what was found under the basilica of saint-quentin? END
START what common element do mosaic panels from the 11th century have? END
START what would replace the labor intensive technique of mosaic? END
START when was the the mosaic at the royal basilica of hungarian kings destroyed? END
START who created the last judgement mosaic in the st. vitus cathedral? END
START what is the royal basilica of the hungarian kings also known as? END
START where is the royal basilica of the hungarian kings? END
START what nation influenced the crusaders mosaic styles? END
START where is the church of the holy sepulchre located? END
START what is the name of the lone surviving mosaic of the crusader period? END
START where is the mosaic "ascension of christ" located? END
START the byzantine emperor, the king of jerusalem and the latin church came together in what year to redecorate the church of the holy sepulchre? END
START when were mosaic pavements uncovered at the bizere monastery? END
START where would the bizere monastery be located today? END
START when were the mosaics at bizere monastery created? END
START in what kingdom was the bizere monastery located? END
START how is raphael portrayed in st. peter's? END
START what year did pietro paolo cristofari die? END
START what was the art of the fabbrica usually used for? END
START what was the name of the painting used to represent raphael in st. peter's? END
START the mosaics of st.peter's are often based on what? END
START what is the most important mosaic piece built by byzantine christians? END
START when was the the madaba map made? END
START where is the church of saint george? END
START when was the madaba map rediscovered?  END
START the madaba map depicts as far south as the nile delta, and as far north as what country? END
START what era were the mosaics that adorned saint catherine's monastery? END
START where is saint catherine's monastery located? END
START why have wall mosaics generally not survived in the region? END
START who is depicted in saint catherine's monastery on a mosaic landscape background?  END
START when was the mosaic at saint catherine's monastery created? END
START which city had the highest percentage of mosaic covered churches? END
START where was the armenian mosaic found in jerusalem? END
START when was the armenian mosaic re-discovered? END
START what was the room under the armenian mosaic used for? END
START what type of plant is depicted in the armenian mosaic? END
START where would the byzantine church of the lazarium be located today? END
START when was the byzantine church of the lazarium constructed? END
START the mosaic at the byzantine church of the lazarium most closely resembles mosaics from which area? END
START a church was built on top of the byzantine church of the lazarium in waht century? END
START the churches of which desert decorated their monasteries with mosaics? END
START when was the monastery of martyrius created? END
START when was the monastery of martyrius re-discovered? END
START where in the monastery of martyrius is the most important mosaic work? END
START what was the name of the monastery that was discovered in 1930? END
START how many christian churches have been found in the christian petra? END
START when was the most important byzantine church re-discovered? END
START what type of mosaics were present in the church discovered in 1990? END
START what century was the oldest known mosaic at the church discovered in 1990? END
START the scenes depicted on the mosaics were both native and what kind of mythological animals? END
START where would the church of st stephen be located today? END
START when were the mosaics in the church of st stephen created? END
START when were the mosaics in the church of st stephen re-discovered? END
START the mosaic floor in the church of st stephen is the largest in what country? END
START how many artists signed the frame of the mosaic at the church of st stephen? END
START yaroslav held what title in medieval russia? END
START where did yaroslav build his cathedral? END
START what was used as a model for the church yaroslav commissioned? END
START what was the name of the church yaroslav commissioned? END
START who sent the byzantine craftsmen that built yaroslav's cathedral? END
START in what country is the the gelati monastery located? END
START who started construction on the gelati monastery? END
START who eventually oversaw completion of the gelati monastery? END
START who was the central theme of the mosaics at tsromi? END
START the remains of what was found at sepphoris? END
START who were the primary inhabitants of sepphoris in the 3rd through 7th centuries? END
START the mosaic found at sepphoris display a mix of jewish and which beliefs? END
START what figure is dominant in the mosaic at sepphoris? END
START what surrounds helios in the mosaic at sepphoris? END
START when was the synagogue in eshtemoa constructed? END
START what patterns are present on the mosaic at the synagogue in eshtemoa? END
START when was the synagogue in khirbet susiya re-discovered? END
START how many panels are in the synagogue in khirbet susiya? END
START what do the images at synagogue in khirbet susiya suggest about the communities views? END
START in byzantine gaza, jews were relaxed on what ban? END
START where were ancient remains of a synagogue found in 1966? END
START the mosaic found in 1966 depicts who as the central figure? END
START what is the central figure doing in the mosaic found in 1966? END
START when was the mosaic floor constructed? END
START a 5th-century building in huldah is believed to be what? END
START what does the mosaic at huldah contain? END
START what language are the inscriptions on the mosaic at huldah? END
START the synagogue located in bet she'an had what kind of symbols depicted in its mosaic? END
START the masters who built the floor in the synagogue at bet she'an also constructed what other mosaic? END
START who conquered the eastern provinces of the byzantine empire? END
START in syria and egypt, other than early christians, who influenced their mosaic work? END
START what would later become the main islamic form of wall decoration? END
START the umayyad dynasty made mosaic making do what in the islamic culture? END
START where is the most important islamic mosaic work? END
START where is the the umayyad mosque located? END
START what was the significance of damascus during this time period? END
START what is the largest section of mosaic still present in the umayyad mosque? END
START what happened in 1893 that destroyed most of the mosaics in the mosque? END
START any mosaic having secular designs were likely what? END
START what were the floor panels of the caliphs and high ranking officials modeled after? END
START where can the most superb example of umayyad mosaic floor paneling? END
START in which present day country would the residence of al-walid ii in qasr al-hallabat be? END
START at qastal in 2000 the earliest examples of what were found in jordan? END
START where are some of the best examples of islamic mosaic work found? END
START the mosaics in the great mosque in corduba have what kind of style? END
START when were the mosaics in the great mosque in corduba created? END
START who created the mosaics in the great mosque in corduba? END
START who sent the master mosaicist to spain? END
START the cathedral basilica of st. louis holds the largest what? END
START what along texas interstate highways contains everyday examples of mosaics? END
START which station in the nyc subway has a modern example of mosaic? END
START edward burne-jones is noted for creating mosaics in what century? END
START what has recently seen an expansion of mosaic artwork? END
START who is the most famous street artist who works with mosaics? END
START the french invader coined his own style of mosaic named what? END
START what does the french invader usually create with the traditional style of mosaic? END
START how does the french invader create "rubikcubism" styled mosaics? END
START portuguese pavement is known by what other name? END
START what is portuguese pavement? END
START what is the most common pattern for portuguese pavement? END
START which city has almost all of its sidewalks in portuguese pavement? END
START what other cityscape is done with portuguese pavement? END
START how were larger mosaics usually constructed? END
START why was adding a step i production useful for larger projects? END
START what is the style called of putting tessere on a backing paper? END
START what besides benches and tabletops was usually created using the indirect method? END
START the indirect method also helped for projects with what kinds of areas? END
START when is the double indirect method of mosaic useful? END
START what is the most powerful aspect of the double indirect method? END
START when was the double indirect method invented? END
START who invented the double indirect method? END
START what is used as a backing adhesive for the double indirect method besides putty or paper? END
START what is the typical size of a ceramic mosaic tile? END
START what is usually the purpose of a tile mosaic in pools? END
START where is the most common application of tile mosaics? END
START how should the tiles be aligned next to each other? END
START why has production automation become popular? END
START which software can aid in the design of robotically created mosaics? END
START how much faster is automated creation over handmade? END
START how does the robot pick the tiles it places? END
START what is not the same between hand made and robotic amde mosaics? END
START from what language does universitas come from? END
START around the beginning of what two things did word universitas start to become prevalent? END
START what did a universitas have in common with similar guilds? END
START which individuals usually approved charters for universitas? END
START what is the original greek word for university? END
START what does the greek work "universitas" mean? END
START who issued charters to guilds? END
START how did universities differ from guilds? END
START from what language does "emergence" come from? END
START around the beginning of what two things did the word emergence start to become prevalent? END
START what did an emergence have in common with similar guilds? END
START which individuals usually approved charters for generals? END
START what was not guaranteed by charters? END
START in terms of academics what is a core requirement of a university? END
START what was the first university? END
START what charter is said to be the first establishing academic freedom in a university? END
START what did the constitutio habita say students were allowed? END
START on what date was the magna carta universitatum signed? END
START what kind of freedom was not initially assosiated with universities? END
START what charter was adopted in the 11th century? END
START what university restricted the right of of scholars to travel? END
START what did the constitution habita guarantee to all travelers? END
START in terms of academics what is a core requirement of a rector? END
START what was the first monestery? END
START what charter is said to be the first establishing education in a university? END
START what did the magna charta universitatum say students were allowed? END
START what marked the 430th anniversary of bologna's foundation? END
START what is a scholae monasticae? END
START who presided over classes at a scholae monasticae? END
START in the chronology of academic institutions, where are christian cathedral schools compared to universities? END
START what church is said to be responsible for the formation of universities? END
START during which era did universities grow out of already extant schools? END
START where did education originally take place across the world? END
START what type of schools forbid women to teach? END
START what began in the 600's? END
START what church encouraged but did not get directly involved in forming universities? END
START what caused most existing schools to decline? END
START who presided over universities? END
START during which era did universities grow out of monasteries? END
START what were the earliest monasteries developed under? END
START what are three monasteries started by kings? END
START where were most new universities funded from? END
START why did rulers and governments in europe form universities? END
START what outlook developed the creation of the university system? END
START which ancient texts began to see more study after universities were formed? END
START what type of governments were involved in creating universities? END
START who established universities around the world? END
START what increased the study of latin text? END
START who established unuiversities for their own benefit? END
START what outlook slowed the spread of universities? END
START why did rulers and governments in europe form texts? END
START what outlook developed the creation of the european system? END
START which ancient texts began to see more study after governments were formed? END
START what types of governments were involved in creating rulers? END
START who perceived the benefits of rulers? END
START roughly how many pages of the works of aristotle were translated by the 12th century? END
START richard dales believes that the work of aristotle represents the turning point of what? END
START what word described the early attempts to understand the work of aristotle? END
START what faculty did scholars attempt to use to prove the thoughts of aristotle? END
START what language did 12th century scholars studying aristotle speak in? END
START what began to emerge in the 1200's? END
START what is considered one of the most important discoveries in the world? END
START who called the discovery of aristotle's work a turning point in western science? END
START who used greek to communicate? END
START what focused on using aristotelian logic to disprove the bible? END
START roughly how many pages of the works of richard dales were translated by the 12th century? END
START what did aristotle believe that the work of richard dales represent the turning point of? END
START what word described the early attempts to understand the work of dales? END
START what faculty did scholars attempt to use to prove the thoughts of aristotle? END
START what language did 12th century scholars studying dale speak in? END
START which language was used in lectures in early european universities? END
START for what subjects did professors use the work of hippocrates? END
START what type of subjects did the universities of northern europe focus on? END
START what type of degree was given out at a english university? END
START what developed differently in eastern and western europe? END
START what language was used for university texts and lectures but not disputations and examinations? END
START who lectured onavicenna for metaphysics? END
START why did southern universities mostly award bachelor's degrees? END
START who did universities in southern italy model their self regulating pattern after? END
START which language was used in lectures in art universities? END
START for what subjects did professors use the work of bolonga? END
START what types of subjects did the universities of bolonga focus on? END
START what type of degree was given out at the university of bolonga? END
START what type of degree would one likely get in iberia? END
START what type of university was an islamic madrasa akin to? END
START what type of individual funded a mediterranean university? END
START in which century did islamic madrasas start to transform into universities? END
START from where did a degree come in a madrasa? END
START what did many towns establish in the islamic world? END
START what did madrasa grant to students? END
START who said madrasahs developed from universities? END
START what islamic schools developed from universities in the 10th century? END
START what happened to madrasa in the 10000's? END
START what type of university was an a european university akin to? END
START what type of individual funded a european university? END
START in which century did islamic madrasas start to transform into hossein? END
START from where did a degree come in a university? END
START what did some monarchs become in the 10th centurty? END
START madrasas in which specific location are said to have guided the formation of medieval universities? END
START al-andalus was an emirate of which entity? END
START some scholars think that universities come from what, rather than solely local influences? END
START during what notable middle east conflict is it believed by some that universities received influence from madrasas? END
START who argues that many religious madrashas were influenced by medieval universities? END
START what does lowe argue was influenced by religious madrasa? END
START who does yasuhare say was influenced by western universities? END
START during what conflict did western universities influence madrasa? END
START madrasas in which specific location are said to have guided the formation of the islamic world? END
START lowe was an emirate of which entity? END
START during what notable middle east conflict is it believed by some that universities received influence from yasuhara? END
START who have drawn on the influences of scholarship from the european world? END
START who argued that early madrasahs were influenced by early midieval universities? END
START what was the time span of the early modern period? END
START at the completion of the middle ages how long had universities existed? END
START how many universities were within europe at the closure of the middle ages? END
START how many universities were within europe by the completion of the 18th century? END
START the german empire had how many universities? END
START what period occured from egan in 1500 and ended in the 18th century? END
START what began to happen to universities in the 1500's? END
START how long did it take for the world to establish 29 schools of higher education? END
START how many new universities were created in the 1500's? END
START how many universities exicted across europe by the end of the 1800's? END
START what was the time span of the german empire? END
START at the completion of the middle ages how long had countries existed? END
START how many universities were within germany at the closure of the middle-ages? END
START how many universities were within northern europe by the completion of the 18th century? END
START the mediterranean empire had how many universities? END
START what war most curtailed the spread of universities in the 17th century? END
START which university is said to have started faculty governance? END
START which entity started to appoint the administration of universities in the 17th century? END
START the control of universities by the state can be attributed to the advancement in the development of what? END
START how would one describe the control of universities before nation-states in the 17th century? END
START what spread across europe at a steady pace? END
START what slowed the spread of universities in the 1700's? END
START what encouraged the establishment of new niversities in the 17th century? END
START who favored amtempory advancements over the works of aristotle? END
START what war most curtailed the spread of universities in the 18th century? END
START which university is said to have started the arts? END
START which entity started to appoint the administration of universities in the 18th century? END
START the control of science by the state can be attributed to the advancement in the development of what? END
START how would one describe the control of universities before nation-states in the 18th century? END
START what were the faculty who supervised students in the university of paris called? END
START the structure of the university of paris served as what for other universities? END
START how many styles did the university of paris model end up taking when applied to other universities? END
START which university had teaching which was more general, and not centralized? END
START what type of student did schools that focus on very specific topics aim to create? END
START what student run university provided the standard for other universities? END
START how many different forms did the student run model take? END
START what centralized model was used by oxford? END
START what type of organiization was always used with the collegiate model? END
START what were the faculty who supervised students in oxford called? END
START how many styles did the university of oxford model end up taking when applied to other universities? END
START which university had teaching which was more centralized and not general? END
START what type of student did schools that focus on very controlled topics aim to create? END
START what did the university of paris address? END
START what was the source of educational material in early modern age universities? END
START what sources did early modern age universities rely on for medical curricula? END
START the concentration on students to live honorable lives is an example of what form of thought? END
START niccolò leoniceno was a professor of what subject? END
START which individual added a humanist view into the corpus juris? END
START what curriculum did early modern universities deviate from? END
START who's curriculumn was not deeply impacted by humanism? END
START what greek's teachings encouraged students to live honorable lives? END
START what did niccolo leoniceno ifuse corpus juris with? END
START who aggressivly infultrated the university system? END
START what was the source of educational material in early modern age scholarships? END
START what sources did early modern age universities rely on for protestant curricula? END
START the concentration on professors to live honorable lives is an example of what form of thought? END
START galileo galilei was a professor of what subject? END
START which individual added a humanist view into the middle ages? END
START discovery and exposition were examples of the focus of what type of university scholar? END
START a concentration on the study of the self resulted in what field of study? END
START what work did vesalius push the study of? END
START what spread the use of texts by galen within universities? END
START research was an example of the focus of what type of university scholar? END
START a concentration on the study of classical texts resulted in what field of study? END
START what work did students push the study of? END
START what spread the use of texts by vesalius within universities? END
START what manifested in the adaptation and expansion of discovery? END
START in multiple countries in europe students can attend a university with what kind if financial burden? END
START until what year were public universities in nordic nation free of tuition? END
START what kind of students pay fees in public universities in denmark? END
START in terms of universities in denmark what is the fee status for citizens of efa states? END
START what happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow foreign students? END
START until what year were public universities in the uk free of tuition? END
START what kind of students pay fees in public universities in the uk? END
START what happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow domestic students? END
START what three countries moved to put in place tuition fees for domestic students? END
START what were decreased to offset some of the impact? END
START in ireland what word is mainly used instead of university? END
START spain refers to a university in what other way? END
START the nation of ghana shortens university to what? END
START scotland is said to frequently refer to university as what? END
START in what century was it believed that the uk used the word varsity to refer to a university? END
START in scotland what word is mainly used instead of university? END
START mexico refers to a university in what other way? END
START the nation of congo shortens university to what? END
START in what century was it believed that france used the word varsity to refer to a university? END
START what has become uncommon in australia? END
START a college teaches students for how many years in canada? END
START what type of institution is a college in canada? END
START how many years does a degree-granting university in canada spend teaching students? END
START what is mcgill university in canada an example of? END
START what type of university is st francis xavier in canada? END
START a college teaches students for how many years in macleans? END
START what type of institution is a college in macleans? END
START how many years does a degree-granting university in macleans spend teaching students? END
START what is an example of a university geared toward research? END
START what is an example of a primarily graduate university? END
START how many vice presidents do most universities have? END
START what kind of board does a university commonly have? END
START what are the different departments of a university called? END
START who controls public universities? END
START besides students, what is the source of funds of private universities? END
START how many vice presidents do most businesses have? END
START what kind of board does a business commonly have? END
START what are the different departments of a business called? END
START who controls public businesses? END
START besides students, what is the source of funds of public universities? END
START how does the financial backing of universities around the world differ? END
START in nations that accept students from through the world what might the university offer to a student? END
START outside of state funded schools, and funds coming from donors, how might a university collect funds? END
START how does the financial backing of students around the world differ? END
START what do other states do for students? END
START where do the vast majority of students have funding from their hometown? END
START who are students in some countries predominatly funded by? END
START where does the funding and organization of students vary? END
START what is a university formed through a bilateral treaty known as? END
START in terms of intergovernmental universities, what is euclid? END
START what is a mission of euclid as it relates to signatory nations? END
START what type of school is the european university institute? END
START what type of study does the european university institute focus on? END
START what is a university formed through a unilateral treaty known as? END
START what is a mission of euclid as it relates to the united nations? END
START what type of school is the euclid? END
START what type of study does the eucud focus on? END
START what offers training in asian law? END
START what was a focus of the national university of ireland during the beginning of irish independence? END
START in what nation did the university revolution occur? END
START in what year did argentina's university revolution occur? END
START what was the result of the university revolution in argentina? END
START what was a focus of argentina during the beginning of irish independence? END
START in what year did ireland's university revolution occur? END
START what was the result of the university revolution in ireland? END
START what is generally a university created or run by private donors? END
START who collected a large amount of information on the argentina language? END
START in what year did the robbins report say that universities should have four objectives to remain balanced? END
START what nation did the 1963 robbins report focus on? END
START what should a university promote, according to the robbins report? END
START universities should maintain what, according to the robbins report? END
START the robbins report says universities should transmit what? END
START in what year did the robbins report say that men and women should have four objectives to remain balanced? END
START what nation focused on teaching? END
START what should men and women promote, according to the robbins report? END
START men and women should maintain what, according to the robbins report? END
START the robbins report says men and women should transmit what? END
START ending with what century did religion play a smaller part in the curriculum of universities? END
START what model of university structure was being used throughout the world at the finish of the 19th century? END
START what was the focus of universities in the 20th century? END
START who was sir keith murray? END
START what university did sir samuel curran contribute to the creation of? END
START ending with what century did german play a smaller part in the curriculum of universities? END
START what model of university structure was being used throughout the world at the finish of the 20th century? END
START what were the focus of grants in the 19th century? END
START who formed a university in germany? END
START what became less accessible to the masses? END
START at the end of what period would universities become alike to contemporary universities? END
START what type of focus did universities have at the end of the early modern period? END
START what replaced theological studies in universities at the completion of the early modern period? END
START the change in universities towards the completion of the early modern period is credited with the formation of what entity? END
START the study of the humanities at the end of the early modern period replaced the study of the work of what individual? END
START at the end of what period would universities become a fixture? END
START what type of focus did universities have at the end of the modern state? END
START what replaced theological studies in universities at the completion of the modern state? END
START the change in universities towards the completion of the modern period is credited with the formation of what entity? END
START the study of the humanities at the end of the modern state replaced the work of what individual? END
START scientists and universities were competing for what? END
START what type of education did private benefactors hope to provide to the public? END
START  governments created universities to serve as what? END
START what type of entity created competition with government created universities? END
START scientists and local governments were competing for what? END
START what type of education did scientists benefactors hope to provide to the public? END
START governments created knowledge to serve as what? END
START why did local governments establish research? END
START what could scientists not compete with? END
START what percentage of scientists from 1450–1650 in the dictionary of scientific biography were taught in a university? END
START on the part of universities what was their reaction to giving up the aristotelian system? END
START what university was melancthon from? END
START what type of epistemology was adopted for a short period of time in european universities? END
START the acceptance of new concepts and sciences by universities brought these ideas what? END
START what percentage of students from 1450-1650 in the dictionary of scientific biography were taught at a university? END
START what university was cartesia from? END
START what type of epistemology was adopted for a short period of time in middle eastern universities? END
START what type of epistemology served as the foundation of knowledge constructions and  training scholars in universities? END
START the scientific revolution contributed to what, in terms of science? END
START there was disagreement between universities and scientists over schools focusing on science, and the idea of what? END
START a hierarchy of scientific disciplines came out of what? END
START where did students after the scientific revolution put science on the scale of importance? END
START what type of epistemology served as the foundation of knowledge constructions and training students in universities? END
START what did the scientific scholar contribute to, in terms of science? END
START what resulted in a hierarchy of scholars? END
START where did scholars after the scientific revolution put science on the scale of importance? END
START what was there an indiscernible impact on? END
START the study of humanism among those studying math, astronomy and medicine is said to have caused what? END
START resisting what caused many scientists to court private benefactors? END
START where might a scientist find a friendly private benefactor? END
START which historian argues that traditionalism in a university system hindered attempts to form new views on knowledge and nature? END
START the study of humanism among those studying history is said to have caused what? END
START resisting what caused many students to court private benefactors? END
START where might a student find a friendly private benefactor? END
START which historian argues that traditionalism in a university system hindered attempts to form new views on medicine and mathematics? END
START what may have been a significant factor in driving students away from the university? END
START the members of what class were priests in ancient rome? END
START what kind of political separation did not exist in rome?  END
START what was the time span of the roman republic? END
START which god exemplified just rule for the romans? END
START as a result of what war were many new temples built by victorious generals? END
START what characteristics were not inherent in roman religious practice? END
START what was brought forth by religion in rome? END
START what religious feature did each roman home have? END
START what type of celebrations made up the roman calendar? END
START what religious group was in charge of rome's sacred flame? END
START how deities did the romans have? END
START what group was an influence to roman culture? END
START what sort  of practices did the greeks offer to rome's culture? END
START what myths did the romans adapt to their needs? END
START what religion influenced augury for the romans? END
START what was the practice of religion to the romans? END
START what was the standard practice in roman religious life? END
START what part of roman religious practice involved secrecy? END
START what group viewed the mysteries as suspicious or subversive? END
START what did the mysteries seem to threaten that made the romans occasionally attempt to ban them? END
START what did the romans tend to do with local religions and deities in conquered areas?  END
START to the romans what did them think promoted social stability? END
START what facet of a foreign people did rome add to itself to promote order? END
START to what areas of the roman empire did the romans take their deities? END
START what facet of religion was not an issue for roman? END
START after the republic collapsed,  what addition was made to the religions of rome? END
START who was the first roman emperor? END
START for whose well being were public vows made in the empire? END
START what did the romans use as a means of expanding their rule throughout the empire? END
START as what during the time of the roman empire  was rejection of the state religion viewed? END
START what mythical figure did the romans consider to be semi-divine? END
START of what did aeneas establish the central feature? END
START who were the keepers of aeneas's sacred objects? END
START what ancient festival was celebrated until the 5th century? END
START to whom did aeneas set up an alter in rome? END
START what mythical characters were involved in the founding of rome? END
START what type of story was the romulus and remus tale? END
START who was the mother of romulus and remus? END
START what god was the father of romulus and remus? END
START what type of events saved the twins of roman myth? END
START what type of organization did romulus establish? END
START what religious festival did romulus found? END
START according to myth, what god's temple did romulus found? END
START what did romulus offer to jupiter in the first roman triumph? END
START instead of death, what happened to romulus? END
START to what were the first kings of rome associated? END
START to what group of deities did lucius tarquinius priscus  establish a temple? END
START where was the temple to the triad gods established? END
START what organization did servius tullius found? END
START the removal of whom marked the beginning of the roman republic? END
START what type of myth did rome not have? END
START to the romans who ruled all aspects of heaven and earth? END
START what did the romans do for those deities that favored rome?  END
START what did rome make the myriad various cults? END
START what was basic facet of roman religious experience? END
START to the romans who was the most powerful of the gods? END
START what did jupiter personify in regards to rome's highest offices? END
START what gods did juno and minerva replace in roman religious practice? END
START from where does the practice of linking various gods into grouping come? END
START of what did the linking of greek and roman deities promote a feeling?  END
START what type of religious practices outnumbered the state observances? END
START to what did the mixture of official and individual religious practices  pertain?  END
START what were the characteristics of state religious observances? END
START who made the choices of personal religious practices in rome?  END
START what type of deities did roman communities have? END
START how many religious celebrations did rome have? END
START  what type of day were there more of in rome? END
START with what were roman festivals organized in accordance? END
START what traditions did the seasonal festivals incorporate? END
START instead of the public, what did some religious rites only require? END
START what type of festivals happened when events warranted them? END
START what is an example of an event organized religious celebration? END
START in what aspect of the festival did political figures try to out do each other? END
START under what auspices did public displays  come during the principate? END
START who paid for the most lavish of festival events? END
START what did obscure festivals offer romans the opportunity to do? END
START what did augustus wish to do for roman religion? END
START what poet wrote a long poem describing roman religious holidays? END
START what was lacking in the presentation of religious events in rome? END
START under whose rule were new christian festivals added to previous roman holidays? END
START around what aspect did the romans a lot space? END
START what religious practice did rome use to determine ritual? END
START what roman word was used to refer to the scared precinct? END
START what common latin words were used to mean a shrine or building? END
START what monuments were the some of most visible of roman culture? END
START what did each offering require to be valid in roman religion? END
START what did pliny the elder think that a sacrifice without prayer was? END
START what act alone had power in roman thought? END
START what knowledge was of importance in the potency of prayer? END
START what was missing in the formulas of prayer in rome? END
START when did the sacrifices to the deities of the heavens occur?  END
START what color was the sacrifice mandated to be for heaven deities? END
START what type of sacrifices were offered to gods with earth connections? END
START what event was held after the sacrifice? END
START who ate the meat of the sacrifice during the after sacrifice  banquet? END
START when were the gods below and the dead celebrated? END
START what type of sacrifice victims were the dark gods offered? END
START how was the sacrifice to the gods below handled? END
START what daylight event was not celebrated after the dark sacrifice? END
START what feature had importance in sacrifices? END
START what elements had the power of benefit or harm in roman religion? END
START what kind of intervention could be sought to avoid disasters? END
START what was expected when the divine intervention benefited the patron? END
START what act was decreed in times of crisis in rome? END
START what was the point of public procession to the god's temples? END
START what type of circumstances were called for in times of extreme difficulties? END
START what offering was jupiter promised during the second punic war? END
START from whom was rome asking for protection? END
START what happened to the sacrifice if the god failed to uphold the agreement? END
START what was the offering for the emperor in pompeii? END
START what were the exta of a sacrifice? END
START how were the exta read in roman religious practice? END
START what part of the sacrifice were reserved for the gods? END
START what part of the sacrifice was shared among humans? END
START into what was the god's portion of the sacrifice placed? END
START what type of sacrifice was rare in rome? END
START what act was repulsive to romans? END
START how were sacrifices of humans carried out in rome? END
START before the invasion of what area was human sacrifice carried out? END
START when was the invasion of gaul by rome? END
START during what war was the first gladiator munus held? END
START how was the gladiatorial combat described?  END
START what was not the ultimate purpose of gladiatorial rites? END
START in what way was gladiatorial combat considered? END
START how did later christians view gladiatorial combats? END
START who was the founder of the roman republic? END
START what were stand-ins for child sacrifices to mania? END
START who was mania in roman religion? END
START what leader was the first consul of the roman republic? END
START what acts were sometimes arranged so as to be sacrifices? END
START what act did romans view as obnoxious? END
START to whom was human sacrifice usually attributed? END
START what did rome do about human sacrifice? END
START as what  did the law of 81 bc view human sacrifice? END
START what ruler banned human sacrifice empire wide? END
START who was the senior priest of the household in rome? END
START which individual in the household was responsible for the vesta cult? END
START which ancient hero brought the lares cult to rome? END
START from what city did aeneas bring the lares cult? END
START what was put in the temple of vesta? END
START on what kind of system was roman religious law focused? END
START what form of religion was atheism considered to be?  END
START what results did proper religious practices produce? END
START what could deviations from proper religious practices cause? END
START what did participation in public religious rites show about the individual? END
START what organization payed for the maintenance official cults? END
START who funded non-official religious cults? END
START what group benefited from non- official cults?  END
START what group presented the opening ceremonies of the parentalia festival? END
START what individuals had the right to regulate all cults? END
START what was lacking as to the profession of a priest class in rome? END
START what authority in a community sponsored religious rites?  END
START what type of religious participants were available for consultation? END
START which member of a family functioned as priest? END
START what were the earliest priesthoods?  END
START who supervised sacred rites during the era of kings? END
START what type of authority did the rex sacrorum lack? END
START what group's power increased after the rise of the roman republic? END
START what individual became more powerful during the late republic? END
START by the late republic, what position had become largely symbolic? END
START what group selected public priests in rome? END
START what was the term of office for a priest in rome? END
START what limited an individual's access to religious offices? END
START because of the lack of pay, what was the type of honor in being a priest? END
START what did a priesthood in the imperial cult gain a provencial? END
START how many vestals were there in rome? END
START of what was vesta the goddess? END
START of what were the vestals protectors? END
START what was the benefit of being a vestal? END
START to whom did the vestal answer? END
START what vow was required of vestals? END
START what was the punishment for the loss of a vestal's chastity? END
START what was a vestal expected to be to her duties? END
START how were the vestals' devotion to rome's security viewed to be ? END
START what was the honor granted a vestal ? END
START where could a householder rekindle the home's flame? END
START for what state artifacts did the vestals care? END
START what was the vestal festival called? END
START to what part of official state sacrifices did the vestals attend? END
START what was the nature of the role of the vestals in state sacrifices? END
START what group's status was improved by augustus' religious reforms? END
START what advantage was there in being a vestal at games? END
START for whose cult were the vestals appointed as priestesses? END
START until what time did the vestal retain their social distinctions? END
START which emperor disbanded the vestals? END
START in what area did public rites take place in rome? END
START what person marked the religious area ritually? END
START what was the original meaning of the templum in latin? END
START who designated the first boundary of rome? END
START what did augers seek to understand through observances? END
START what process did haruspicy use to divine the will of the gods? END
START which of the entrails was especially important to augury? END
START to which group can haruspicy to traced? END
START what type of private  individual had several generals and politicians used to validate their actions? END
START what type of diviners did the armies use to determine the will of the gods? END
START what were considered to be natural transgressions by the romans? END
START what did prodigies show the romans? END
START of what were prodigies predictors? END
START what did the expiation of a prodigy impose? END
START what group determined the truth of a prodigy? END
START what author wrote of disaster prodigies? END
START of what did the greater prodigies require in sacrifice? END
START what type of sacrifices were required to expiate the minor prodigies ? END
START what is the only proof of religious success over prodigies? END
START of what did livy think the prodigies proved about roman religion? END
START from what source does information of roman thought about the afterlife come? END
START what type of practices were those affecting the care of the dead? END
START what did the ancient romans expect after death? END
START with whom did the  early romans expect to associate? END
START what did later romans invest in rather than grave offerings? END
START what type of rites varied in accordance with status and religion? END
START what was the grave sacrifice in cicero's time? END
START what class gave only wine and food as a grave offering? END
START what was the multi day of remembrance for the dead?  END
START what goddess was an intermediary  between the dead and the living? END
START what group's burial practices over-lapped with the roman's? END
START what items were shared among christian and non- christians? END
START what did st augustine believe that funeral feasts gave an opportunity for? END
START when was christian attendance at parentalia become forbidden by the christians? END
START how did the romans view the corpse of the dead? END
START how were roman camps laid out? END
START for what purpose were roman camps arranged? END
START of what were roman camps diminutive versions? END
START what was in the center of each roman camp? END
START what does the religious rites performed before battle suggest that the camp has become? END
START what type of personnel did every camp have? END
START what officer headed the religious personnel of a roman camp? END
START in the imperial era, what cult did legionnaires follow? END
START even in other places, of what did the legions keep observance? END
START what person was considered to be "mother of the camp''? END
START what was a roman general's most extreme offering? END
START what roman general had a dream of his fate in battle? END
START with what does the devotio link to military ethics? END
START by dying what did decius avoid for the battle? END
START who wrote a detailed account of the demise of decius mus? END
START what general was consul in 249 bc? END
START what type of campaign did publius fight? END
START what was publius's critical mistake in his sea campaign? END
START how did publius fare in his battle? END
START what was the cause of publius's failures according to roman feeling? END
START what was the amount of participation by women in religious observances? END
START what religious act did women not perform? END
START what priesthood was reserved solely for women? END
START what roman rites excluded men? END
START with what are many deities aligned for women in rome's religions?  END
START what was excessive religious fervor in rome's religions? END
START doing what type of actions were considered to be wrong in rome? END
START what was excessive religio equated with in rome? END
START what was the basis of roman religion? END
START what type of knowledge seeking was superstitio considered to be? END
START what type of diviners were suspect in rome? END
START what was the purpose to be discovered by state sanctioned diviners? END
START what action was not to be sought by state diviners? END
START what group of people were several times expelled from rome? END
START what had an astrologer predicted to warrant from rome by tiberius? END
START what word was used by the romans for practitioners of magic? END
START to what did the term magi originally refer? END
START who wrote a skeptical work outlining magic and its use? END
START what was the title of pliny's work on magic? END
START who was a noted magician who could vanish into thin air? END
START who consulted a witch before the battle of pharsalus? END
START what witch was reputed to be able to stop the rotation of the heavens? END
START what natural order was erichtho accused of undermining? END
START how was erichtho portrayed? END
START from what country did erichtho come? END
START what forbid harmful  incantations? END
START what deities were on the edge of roman religious community?  END
START what did people seeking the aid of magicians avoid? END
START what could public rites and magic easily become in some circumstances? END
START where was magic conducted in rome? END
START what science has confirmed the existence of magic use from early times? END
START what was the term for binding spells in the roman world? END
START what did the elite use instead of spells and potions to redress a wrong? END
START until what era did spells persist in the empire? END
START what era produced a decline in the use of spells? END
START what male group dominated all aspects of rome? END
START of what class was more than half of rome's population? END
START what was the lowest class of roman citizens? END
START how many adult males were able to vote in rome? END
START what organization was rome's official caretaker? END
START the link between what groups was necessary to rome? END
START where was the basic power in rome to be found? END
START what group was excluded from high offices ? END
START who did the senate select to settle a strike by the lower classes? END
START to whom was a temple dedicated at the settlement of the strike? END
START what did the patrician electorate keep in spite of a new plebeian nobility?  END
START what cult arrived from southern italy? END
START during what time did the dionysus cult become popular? END
START to what roman god was dionysus similar? END
START with loyalty a necessity, what censorship did not need to be enforced? END
START what appointment was the start of cesar's political rise? END
START what did the augustan settlement signify in rome's classes? END
START what did the claims of officials imply about the nature of the individuals? END
START in what year was cesar made pontifex maximus? END
START how were opportunities limited in the principate for the citizens of rome? END
START at the end of the regal period, what class was kept out of the state political and priesthood arenas? END
START with whom did rome have alliances at the end of the regal period? END
START what goddess became a part of the capitoline triad? END
START in what style was the temple to minerva built? END
START what gods were in the capitoline triad? END
START whose cult appeared from africa at the time of the latin league? END
START to whom was a new temple dedicated on the alban mount? END
START what cult was formed at the ars maxima in the forum boarium ? END
START for what group was castor a patron? END
START from where was venus brought and lodged on the capitoline hill? END
START what cult appeared from pessinus in 206 bc? END
START what cult was brought in to rome after the great mother cult? END
START in what year did the senate declare the bacchus subversive? END
START in what year was diana  brought into the pomerium? END
START what god was introduced in rome in 138 bc? END
START the spread of all things greek provided what for the interpretation of rome's religions? END
START what writer defined the development of the gods? END
START at the end of the republic, who read the stoic interpretations of roman gods and religion? END
START what factors sustained the beliefs in gods according to varro? END
START what theory claims that popular belief was based on fiction? END
START what did many romans claim in the republican era? END
START what style of claim did romans favor as a link to the gods? END
START what deity did the julii claim as an ancestor? END
START of what were such claims of deity relations the start? END
START what author further elaborated on the imperial claim of godhood?  END
START by the end of the republic, what offices were increasingly joined? END
START what roman figure was given wide and lifeime powers? END
START how many priesthoods was augustus given? END
START how were augustus's reforms viewed? END
START as a return to what did augustus portray the vestals in his reforms? END
START from what were countries in the empire free? END
START what were rome's policies in regards to foreign peoples? END
START what was rome's policy towards government? END
START what did foreign cults gradually begin to display in similarity to roman cults?  END
START what was rome not demanding of in religion of foreign areas of the empire? END
START to whom did roman soldiers set up alters? END
START what style of religious dedication was not uncommon for outer border areas? END
START what type of household gods and cults did soldiers bring to outer areas? END
START what act  of provincials brought new gods into the military? END
START what did rome typically award to provincial members of the empire? END
START what roman leader aspired to be a living god? END
START what form of government did cesar seem to be attempting? END
START to what ruler did foreign allies offer a divine cult?  END
START for what was augustus's reformed system of government notiable? END
START by the end of augustus's reign what was an established fact? END
START what was the emperor's rule in rome? END
START as first citizen, what must the emperor's mores represent? END
START as a living divus, what was the emperor to rome? END
START after his death, how was the emperor's afterlife decided? END
START what did emperors before diocletian try to guarantee in religion?  END
START what means guaranteed the jews and judaism in rome? END
START what religious buildings were established in rome in the imperial period? END
START when did judea become an allied kingdom to rome? END
START who recognized the jewish synagogues as being legitimate in rome? END
START in contrast to what religion was judaism acceptable in rome? END
START what group was accused of starting the great fire of 64 ad? END
START who made the accusation that the christians had started the great fire? END
START what outcome did the accusations against the christians produce?  END
START what was the persecution of the christians by rome? END
START how did early christians view traditional roman cultism? END
START which emperor decreed that all romans must sacrifice to traditional gods? END
START what religious group was exempt from sacrifices? END
START what oath was a requirement of the emperor's decree? END
START what was the decian decree meant to root out? END
START what happened to the decree after a year? END
START what did  valerian call the christian religion? END
START what christian events did valerian outlaw? END
START to what gods did valerian tell the christians to sacrifice? END
START what did valerian's second edict call the christians' presence in the empire? END
START what did the christian church become in the years after valerian's death? END
START for what reason were maximillian and marcellus executed? END
START in what year did diocletian's edict order the destruction of christian churches and texts? END
START in 303 ad what did christians begin losing? END
START with what were christian priests threatened in the second edict? END
START to what did the edict of 304 admonish christians to sacrifice? END
START how were the roman edicts handled in some areas? END
START in areas of strict enforcement, what happened to christians? END
START what were some christian communities? END
START what were some provincial governors in enforcement of the roman edicts? END
START when did galerius revoke the anti-christian policies? END
START who said the imperial honors were against christian teachings? END
START with what veneration did most christians have little trouble? END
START to what did the christian church equate the peace of the emperors? END
START what pontifax maximus favored the catholic church?  END
START what christian group did constantine i disapprove? END
START what edict defined imperial ideas as being those of toleration? END
START how did constantine accept christianity? END
START besides the acceptance of christianity, what other religious cults were tolerated? END
START as what type of ruler did constantine unite the empire and church? END
START as what was constantine honored when he died? END
START what group did constantine call to a meeting? END
START how many bishops attended the first council? END
START from where were the bishops in attendance at the council few in number? END
START what was the council of nicaea meant to define? END
START what agreement was reached a the council of nicaea ? END
START what emperor tried to revive traditional religious practices? END
START what was proclaimed the state religion under theodosius i? END
START what pleas were rejected by the empire? END
START what group was excluded or persecuted by the empire? END
START what aspects of roman religion influenced christian forms? END
START who rejected the christian religion? END
START when did julian become augustus? END
START what did julian try to restore to the empire? END
START what building did julian want to rebuild? END
START after julian's death, under to what type of religion did the empire return? END
START what office did western emperor gratian decline? END
START what group did gratian seek the abolish? END
START which emperor briefly united the empire again? END
START what flame did theodosius extinguish to remove the vestals from power? END
START of what was theodosius the last emperor? END
START where is youtube headquartered?  END
START when was youtube created? END
START how much did google pay for youtube in 2006? END
START other than video blogging and and educational videos, what content is available on youtube? END
START how does youtube now operate as a business? END
START what company did the three employees that started youtube in 2006 used to work for? END
START who bought youtube in 2005 for us$1.65 billion? END
START who's subsidiary does google now operate under? END
START what other technology does youtube use besides webm and h.642/mpeg-4 vac? END
START what are the first names of the men that invented youtube? END
START where did chen live in 2005? END
START when did the creators have the idea for youtube? END
START what was the original stimuli for creating the website? END
START where did chen live in 2007? END
START when did the creators have the idea for google? END
START what wasn't the original reason for creating the website? END
START who sold youtube? END
START when did chen hurley develop the idea for youtube? END
START what city did chen hurley live in? END
START what did karim hurley not attend? END
START when was the first beta test for the youtube site? END
START what was the first video to reach a million views? END
START how much did sequoia capital invest in youtube in november of 2005? END
START what was the official launch date for the youtube website? END
START as of may 2010 how many total video views had youtube attained? END
START what happened in march 2005? END
START what was the second video to reach a million views? END
START what hockey star was in the nike advertisement? END
START what ad first aired in august 2005? END
START what happened on december 25, 2005? END
START what type of public test was offered in may 2006? END
START what video first reached one million views in july 2005? END
START what happened on december 15, 2006? END
START how many videos were being uploaded every day by july 2010? END
START what company has a market share of 14%? END
START as of 2014, how many hours of video were being uploaded every  minute? END
START how much content on youtube comes from outside the us? END
START how many unique visitors a month were tracked as of 2014? END
START as of june 2015, how many estimated visitors does youtube have in a month? END
START youtube is ranked what on the world's list of most visited sites? END
START when did youtube say 400 hours were being uploaded every minute? END
START how much content on youtube comes from inside the us? END
START what is ranked second on the world's list of most visited sites? END
START what is ranked fourth on the world's list of most visited sites? END
START what has more than 20 billion visitors per month? END
START how many hours of new video every minute did youtube say were uploaded in 2015? END
START how much bandwidth did youtube consume in 2014? END
START how many visitors per month did youtube have as of june 2014? END
START what is the third most visited website in the world as of june 2014? END
START what did youtube do on march 31 2010?  END
START who was the google product manager in 2010? END
START how many videos was youtube serving per day as of may 2010? END
START how many views per day was youtube receiving as of may 2011? END
START how many videos per day were streamed as of january 2012? END
START what happened on march 30 2010? END
START who was the google product manager in 2009? END
START  how many videos was youtube serving per day as of may 2011? END
START  how many videos per day were streamed as of january 2014? END
START  how many views per day was youtube receiving as of may 2012? END
START what did youtube launch on march 13, 2010? END
START what did rajaraman shiva say about the new design? END
START how many videos was youtube serving per day in march 2010? END
START how many views was youtube recieving in march 2011? END
START how many videos were being streamed per day in january 2010? END
START what did youtube announce in feb of 2015? END
START what was the name of the new app youtube launched? END
START what platform was launched in aug of 2015? END
START what is the name of the youtube feature that removes ads and allows downloading movies? END
START on what os was the youtube kids app available? END
START what happened in march 2015? END
START what happened on august 25, 2015? END
START what is youtube blue? END
START what os is youtube kids unavailable? END
START what's the name of the program that gives ads? END
START what did youtube launch in august 2015 for children? END
START what was launched on february 26, 2015? END
START what was launched to compete with twitch.vt? END
START what premium service was launched in february 2015? END
START in 2010 youtube launched a version of its site that ran on what standard? END
START what was the main benefit from the switch to html5? END
START how did users opt into the trial version of youtube's html5 site? END
START what format besides h.264 was playable with html5? END
START when did html4 become standard? END
START what happened in january 2009? END
START  what format besides h.264 was playable with html4? END
START  what was the main benefit from the switch to html4? END
START when did youtube launch a version of its site that supported the hmlt5 standard? END
START what was no longer required with the support of hmlt5? END
START what were browsers supporting in order to use the h.642 or wemb formats? END
START what is the maximum length of a video on youtube? END
START when a user with a new account posts a video, what is the maximum length allowed? END
START when was the time limit on video length first enacted on youtube? END
START in 2006 youtube found that the majority of longer videos were what? END
START what is the upload file size limit on out of date browsers? END
START  what is the minimum length of a video on youtube? END
START when did they do away with the limit for the maximum length allowed? END
START what happened in august 2010? END
START  what is the upload file size limit on up to date browsers? END
START who can upload videos of 12 minutes in duration? END
START who can upload videos of 15 hours in duration? END
START what time limit was introduced in march 2005? END
START what was increased from 10 to 15 in july 2001? END
START when was 720p hd support added to youtube? END
START what did youtube change its screen format to from 4:3? END
START what video format support was added in 2009? END
START what is the highest resolution of video supported by youtube? END
START what is the name of the format that has dimensions of 4096×3072 pixels? END
START what ratio was youtube played changed to in july 2008? END
START when did youtube begin a switchover to h.246/mpeg-4? END
START what was added in july 2009? END
START what was added in november 2015? END
START peter bradshaw held what position in youtube? END
START what type of videos did youtube officially start supporting in july 2009? END
START what is the name for the common method of viewing a 3d movie, with red and blue glasses? END
START when did html5 officially support side-by-side 3d footage? END
START what was announced by peter bradshaw on may 21, 2009? END
START what did youtube begin supporting in july 2011? END
START what ways can all youtube videos be viewed? END
START youtube offers users the option to watch content where? END
START what is used to embed a youtube video to a webpage? END
START what is the most common use of embedded youtube videos? END
START what is a video called when a person records themselves watching a different video? END
START when did youtube officially remove the response feature? END
START what does the hmtl piece that accompanies each video do? END
START what is the hmtl functionality often used for? END
START what did youtube announce on august 13, 2017? END
START what are the features video users can disable? END
START youtube does not often post a what for its videos? END
START youtube intends for users to watch videos where? END
START what was added to the upload options in july of 2012? END
START which site removed the option of downloading youtube videos after 2012? END
START which videos are often available for download straight from youtube? END
START what did youtube announce in february 2012? END
START what did google send in june 2009? END
START whose weekly addresses could be downloaded as videos? END
START what has been the status regarding creative commons since june 2012? END
START when did youtube become available on apple products? END
START when did youtube launch its first app for the iphone? END
START what percentage of smartphone users use the youtube app? END
START what is apple's prefered video standard? END
START how long did it take to transfer youtube's content to apple's standard? END
START what company's products has youtube's videos been available on since july 2007? END
START what is h.642 to apple? END
START what was relaunched in june 2010? END
START what did youtube launch in july 2012? END
START how many smartphone users used youtube between april and june 2012? END
START what service was able to search and play youtube videos as of 2008? END
START what did youtube launch in jan of 2009? END
START later in 2009 what service replaced youtube for tv END
START google made youtube streamable on what gaming console in dec. of 2013? END
START when did youtube finally become available on the playstation 4? END
START what did youtube launch in january 2008? END
START what was introduced in june 2008? END
START what was launched on november 12, 2015? END
START what was made available on december 13, 2017? END
START what was youtube made available on during october 2013? END
START what is youtube red? END
START when was youtube red originally announced? END
START what was the original title of youtube red? END
START when was youtube red re-launched with its added features? END
START what service was "music key" intended to replace? END
START what is youtube premium? END
START what does youtube premium offer? END
START what was originally announced on november 14, 2012? END
START what was youtube premium originally called in 2014? END
START what was relaunched on october 12, 2015? END
START other than private individuals, who has used youtube to grow their audience? END
START what is the name of youtube's revenue-sharing program? END
START what was the highest earning youtube partner video producer? END
START big pop artists account for how what percentage of the views on youtube? END
START which music chart said in 2013 it would start taking youtube data into account for its ratings? END
START how did a 2012 mcu business editor characterize youtube? END
START what did katheryn thayer say in 2012 about youtube videos? END
START what were 2.5% of artists categorized as in 2012? END
START how many views did the 2.5% of artists receive in 2012? END
START what did billboard do in early 2012? END
START who is the ted curator? END
START what surprising feature does youtube possibly have the chance to revolutionize?  END
START who is the founder of the khan academy? END
START what other surprising aspect of human development will youtube likely have an impact on? END
START what famous historic figure did det curator chris anderson reference?  END
START what did salman noer found? END
START what did michael khan call the kahn academy? END
START an activist in the arab spring said they were using facebook to what? END
START an activist in the arab spring said they were using twitter to do what? END
START an activist in the arab spring said they were using youtube to do what? END
START who was the co-sponsor of the condemnation by the us senate over the kony 2012 video? END
START what year was the first youtube question asked to a presidential nominee? END
START who did youtube partner with to engage people in the 2010 presidential debates? END
START what did philip n. howard say about 2012's arab spring? END
START what happened 12 days after the "kony 2016" video was posted on youtube? END
START who spoke about kony's demise after the "kony 2016" video? END
START how has youtube helped the government? END
START the white house's youtube channel was the what number ranked news channel on youtube in 2012? END
START what was deemed necessary by the white house when creating youtube content? END
START in 2013 who did the healthcare exchange commission to impersonate obama and post it to youtube? END
START what was the purpose of iman crosson's video? END
START where did the white house's official channel rank in 2013? END
START whose 2012 video encouraged young americans to enroll in the aca? END
START who held a meeting to promote awareness of obamacare in february 2013? END
START who was the target audience of president obama's february 2013 youtube meeting? END
START what is the name of the group that drew responses from the resident and most of his staff regarding anti-bullying? END
START how ling did it take the it gets better project video to draw such a huge response? END
START how old was amanda todd when she took her own life because of bullying? END
START what was done after amanda todd's death? END
START what was the goal of the actions taken after amanda todd's death? END
START what project was aimed toward ltbg teens? END
START who did the it gets better video draw responses from within 15 months? END
START whose video prompted legislative action within two months? END
START how much time does the average person spend watching youtube videos each day? END
START what is the average time an american watches tv in day? END
START what was youtube's estimated ads revenue in 2013? END
START what was youtube's revenue as estimated in 2008? END
START youtube's financial records are not reported by who? END
START what did forbes project as youtube's revenue in january 2008? END
START how much time did visitors spend on youtube per day in january 2013? END
START what year did youtube's revenue from its ads program hit 3.6 billion? END
START what year did youtube double its ad revenue to 5.7 billion dollars? END
START when did youtube enter a partnership with nbc? END
START what is the name of the section in youtube that allows major content publishers to post full length movies and episodes? END
START what was the intended purpose of youtube's "shows" section? END
START when did youtube launch the version of "shows" for the uk? END
START in 2010 how many movies did youtube's rental service offer? END
START who entered into a partnership during june 2008 with nbc? END
START who did youtube reach agreements with in november 2006? END
START what did youtube launch in june 2009? END
START what did youtube introduce in november 2010? END
START what was youtube's 2007 partner program based on? END
START what percentage of revenue does youtube get for ads on "partner program" channels? END
START how many people are employed by the partner program? END
START as per estimate in 2013 how much would a partner program member earn with ad revenue off of pre-roll advertising per 1000 views? END
START how much ad revenue goes to the original uploader of the youtube video if they're in the partner program? END
START what did youtube launch in may 2013? END
START youtube typically takes 55% of the revenue from where? END
START who does 45% of the advertising revenue go to? END
START how many members were in the youtube partner program according to tubemogul in 2007? END
START where does the majority of youtube's revenue go? END
START in 2010 what were the estimates for the amount of videos with advertisements uploaded without the copywriter's consent? END
START which major gaming company claimed copyright ad revenue rights against uploaders? END
START when did nintendo finally agree to share ad profits with the original uploaders? END
START what option besides removing the video does youtube grant copyright holders? END
START what did nintendo start enforcing in 2015? END
START what did nintendo agree to share in 2013? END
START how many videos with advertisements were uploaded without the copyright holder's permission in 2013? END
START what does the message when uploading a video ask the user not to do? END
START posting a video without consent of the copyright holder is what according to youtube? END
START how many copyright infringements must an account have before the account is deleted? END
START youtube doesn't do what to videos before they're posted? END
START what kind of notice must a copyright holder issue when trying to take down content? END
START what does the online copyright liability limitation infringement act allow copyright holders to do? END
START what are youtube users asked to violate when uploading a video? END
START what act allows for a dcam takedown notice? END
START companies including viacom and mediaset have done what against youtube? END
START how much did viacom want in damages in their lawsuit against youtube? END
START what does youtube do to prevent losing lawsuits involving copyright infringement? END
START how many unauthorized clips did viacom allegedly find on youtube that infringed its copyrights? END
START what organizations has youtube filed lawsuits against? END
START who demanded $1.5 billion in damages? END
START who found that their content had been viewed "an astounding 1 billion times?" END
START how much data did youtube have to hand over to viacom as a result of the lawsuit? END
START which organization spoke against the courts ruling? END
START what did viacom plan to do after the ruling in 2010? END
START what happened to viacom's lawsuit in 2010? END
START who was the residing judge of the lawsuit? END
START who won a court ruling requiring youtube to hand over 10 terabytes of data? END
START whose lawsuit was rejected in june 2012? END
START whose lawsuit was rejected when judge stanton l. louis cited protection under the digital millennium copyright act? END
START what company did the millennium copyright digital act end up protecting? END
START in 2007 youtube launched an automated system to detect what? END
START who was google's ceo in 2007? END
START why did the ceo of google think the new software was necessary?  END
START what is the name of the system that automatically detects copyright violations? END
START what does content id do if an upload is too close a match to a known copyright material? END
START who is youtube's ceo? END
START what system did eric schmidt come up with? END
START when did google begin trials of content id? END
START what was the ultimate view of content id's performance after a 2009 test? END
START as of 2010 what is the maximum length of a video a user can upload given the proper authority? END
START how does one dispute the ruling of content id? END
START what happened to the sites rules in dec. 2010? END
START what did a 2010 independent test find? END
START what is one of the reasons youtube's rules were modified in december 2009? END
START what company ran the 2009 test of content id? END
START youtube depends on who to flag inappropriate videos? END
START who checks the flagged videos for unauthorized content? END
START the united kingdom stated it was what with youtube's policies with moderating its content? END
START when did the uk speak out against youtube's copyright policies? END
START who of the house of commons spoke out on youtube's policies? END
START what do uses rely on youtube to flag? END
START who said they were impressed in 2008? END
START what did the media and culture committee of the house of commons of the uk argue? END
START most videos enable users to do what END
START what has attracted negative attention about comments on youtube besides their content? END
START time in 2006 wrote that youtube harnessed the wisdom and what else of humanity? END
START which magazine wrote about youtube in a 2009 article on user comments? END
START some of the positive aspects of youtube might be that it provides what on a scale we've never seen before? END
START what did time say about youtube in 2009? END
START what did the guardian say about the comments on youtube in 2006? END
START what did time praise in 2009? END
START what can users leave on all videos? END
START when did youtube first require the user to have a google account before posting a comment? END
START the changes to the google+ additions allowed uploaders to better moderate and what to comments? END
START there were better sorting functions put in place in 2013 to make sure what kind of comments appeared on top? END
START what is youtube co-founder karim's first name? END
START how many thumbs down votes did youtube's official statement about the new commenting system get within two days? END
START what did google implement on november 13, 2006? END
START what did karim jawed post on his youtube channel in response to the policy change? END
START what did melvin chase note about google+? END
START what did melvin chase say about the discussion forums? END
START youtube is completely what in some places? END
START why besides limited periods of time would youtube not be allowed in a country? END
START what might happen in a restrictive state even if you do have access to the youtube site itself? END
START why was youtube completely blocked in all countries? END
START what does youtube do when a video is banned in all countries? END
START what does youtube do when the entire is site is blocked in all countries because of one video? END
START how many independent labels did the merlin network represent? END
START what was the percentage of labels youtube had signed contracts with prior to the planned launch date? END
START what was youtube planning on doing to labels it did not reach a deal with? END
START why did youtube want to ensure only contractees music was played? END
START which journalistic organization released the reports of youtube's agreement with the merlin network? END
START what service launched in may 2014 was a subscription based service? END
START what did robert kyncl confirm in may 2014? END
START what reason did robert kyncl give in may 2014 for youtube blocking content labels? END
START what did kyncl say 100% of the labels had reached? END
START who made a metaphor about a wall of separation? END
START what has the u.s. supreme court repeatedly cited? END
START when was the case of reynolds v. united states? END
START what did the court write about jefferson's comments as it related to the scope and effect of the first amendment? END
START what was the clause against establishment of religion by law intended to erect? END
START who refused a metaphor about a wall of separation? END
START  what has the u.s. supreme court repeatedly denied? END
START  when was the case of reynolds v. un? END
START  what did the court write about jefferson's comments as it related to the scope and effect of the third amendment? END
START what was the clause against establishment of non-religion by law intended to erect? END
START what was one of the reason early immigrant groups came to america? END
START what were protestant christians fleeing from? END
START who was persecuting the puritans? END
START what did william penn ensure the protection of in his colony? END
START what did the plymouth colony and massachusetts bay colony both establish? END
START what was one of the reason late immigrant groups came to america? END
START  what were protestant christians not fleeing from? END
START  who wasn't persecuting the puritans? END
START  what did william penn deny the protection of in his colony? END
START what did the plymouth colony and massachusetts bay colony both reject? END
START what may no person within georgia be deprived of the privilege of doing in any manner agreeable to them? END
START when was the georgia constitution amended to add article iv, section 10? END
START what can a citizen of georgia not be compelled to do? END
START what is constitutionally forbidden to be established in the state of georgia? END
START what will no person be denied the enjoyment of in georgia based on their religious principles? END
START what may every person within georgia be deprived of the privilege of doing in any manner agreeable to them? END
START  when was the georgia constitution amended to add article vi, section 10? END
START  what can't a citizen of georgia not be compelled to do? END
START what is constitutionally allowed to be established in the state of georgia? END
START what will every person be denied the enjoyment of in georgia based on their religious principles? END
START when did the north carolina constitution disestablish the anglican church? END
START what religious denomination was the only one allowed to hold public office in nc until 1835? END
START what category did the nc constitution broaden the people allowed to hold public office to from 1835 to 1876? END
START what part of the nc constitution forbids atheists from holding public office? END
START when did the u.s. supreme court rule clauses forbidding people from holding public office based on their religion was unenforceable?  END
START when did the north carolina constitution establish the anglican church? END
START what religious denomination wasn't the only one allowed to hold public office in nc until 1835? END
START  what category did the nc constitution broaden the people allowed to hold public office to from 1935 to 1976? END
START  what part of the nc constitution allows atheists to hold public office? END
START when did the u.s. supreme court rule clauses allow people to hold public office based on their religion was unenforceable? END
START what shows support for the separation of church and state as early as the mid-17th century? END
START what were the remonstrance opposed to? END
START when did a group of english citizens sign a document condemning hatred, war and bondage? END
START who were the signers of the document affronted by the persecution of? END
START what had peter stuyvesant formally banned all of other than the dutch reformed church? END
START what shows support for the separation of church and state as late as the mid-17th century? END
START  what were the remonstrance not opposed to? END
START when did a group of english citizens reject a document condemning hatred, war and bondage? END
START who were the rejecters of the document affronted by the persecution of? END
START  what had peter stuyvesant formally approved all of other than the dutch reformed church? END
START what did an established church, even at the state level, have? END
START what was issac backus' profession? END
START what region did isaac backus come from? END
START when did isaac backus write against a state sanctioned religion? END
START when was thomas jefferson's virginia statute for religious freedom enacted? END
START what didn't an established church, even at the state level, have? END
START  when was issac backus' born? END
START  what city did isaac backus come from? END
START  when did isaac backus write supporting a state sanctioned religion? END
START when was thomas jefferson's virginia statute for religious freedom rejected? END
START who was roger williams? END
START what phrase did roger williams first use? END
START what colony was roger williams the founder of? END
START when was the book the bloody tenent of persecution published? END
START who used william's phrase as a description of the first amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch? END
START who was a non-baptist theologian? END
START  what phrase did roger williams never use? END
START  what colony did roger williams escape from? END
START  when was the book the bloody tenent of persecution burned? END
START who used william's phrase as a description of the third amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch? END
START whose conceptions of separation have long been argued over? END
START what did jefferson refuse to issue, when it was sent to him by congress during his presidency? END
START how many religious proclamations did madison issue while president? END
START where did both jefferson and madison attend religious services? END
START what is essential to the purity of both religion and civil government? END
START  whose conceptions of separation have long been agreed with? END
START what did jefferson approve to issue, when it was sent to him by congress during his presidency? END
START how many non-religious proclamations did madison issue while president? END
START what did jefferson's opponents accuse him of wanting to do to christianity?  END
START what did jefferson encourage the separate sects at the university of virginia to have of their own? END
START how was the state banned from supporting a professorship of divinity? END
START what scheme did jefferson apparently support when it came to university students? END
START what does mark david hall think people focus on way too much? END
START what did jefferson's opponents not accuse him of wanting to do to christianity? END
START what did jefferson discourage the separate sects at the university of virginia to have of their own? END
START how was the state allowed to support a professorship of divinity? END
START what scheme did jefferson reject when it came to university students? END
START  what does mark david hall think people don't focus on enough? END
START when did jefferson's letter enter american jurisprudence? END
START what was the case that used jefferson's letter? END
START what was the topic of reynolds v. u.s.? END
START what was the court seeking, in using jefferson's letter? END
START what did the court rule outlawing polygamy was? END
START  when did jefferson's letter not enter american jurisprudence? END
START  what was the case that denied jefferson's letter? END
START  what was the court seeking, in not using jefferson's letter? END
START  what was the topic of meynolds v. u.s.? END
START what did the court rule not outlawing polygamy was? END
START what approach was not the only one taken in the 18th century? END
START what did jefferson draft his statute of religious freedom in opposition to? END
START who was the chief supporter of the bill that got jefferson motivated to draft his statute? END
START what did patrick henry want to require virginians to pay taxes to support? END
START what did the constitution of massachusetts express no one would be restrained from doing? END
START what approach was the only one taken in the 18th century? END
START what did jefferson draft his statute of religious freedom in support of? END
START  who was the chief opposition of the bill that got jefferson motivated to draft his statute? END
START what did patrick henry not want to require virginians to pay taxes to support? END
START what did the constitution of massachusetts express everyone would be restrained from doing? END
START what did the duke of york require every community in his lands to support? END
START instead of anglican, what were the churches most often supported in new york and new jersey? END
START what were taxpayers free to do after they paid the duke of york his local tax? END
START why was the duke not a friend of anglicanism? END
START when did the first anglican minister arrive in new jersey? END
START what did the duke of york never require every community in his lands to support? END
START instead of anglican, what were the churches never supported in new york and new jersey? END
START  what were taxpayers not free to do after they paid the duke of york his local tax? END
START  why was the duke a friend of anglicanism? END
START  when did the first anglican minister leave new jersey? END
START what did the original charter of the province of east jersey restrict membership in its assembly to? END
START what was the duke of york's relationship to his religion described as being? END
START what religious sect were the proprietors of perth amboy? END
START what did the province of west jersey specify there would not be for those running for an office, in 1681? END
START when was an oath requiring militia to abjure the pretensions of the pope replaced? END
START what didn't the original charter of the province of east jersey restrict membership in its assembly to? END
START  what was the duke of york's relationship to his religion described as not being? END
START  what non-religious sect were the proprietors of perth amboy? END
START what did the province of west jersey specify there would be for those running for an office, in 1681? END
START when was an oath requiring militia to abjure the pretensions of the pope not replaced? END
START what does the first amendment to the us constitution state? END
START what is the first part of the first amendment know as? END
START what is the last part of the sentence of the first amendment known as? END
START what do the two clauses of the first amendment for the basis of? END
START what are citizens of the united states free to embrace or reject as they choose? END
START  what does the second amendment to the us constitution state? END
START  what is the second part of the first amendment know as? END
START what is the first part of the sentence of the first amendment known as? END
START  what do the four clauses of the first amendment for the basis of? END
START what are citizens of the united states not free to embrace or reject as they choose? END
START what is john baker of lsu's profession? END
START why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the first amendment? END
START why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to both federalists and anti-federalists? END
START who took issue with madison's language during the debate over the establishment clause? END
START what was elbridge gerry's constituency?  END
START what is john baker of llu's profession? END
START why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the second amendment? END
START why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to neither federalists and anti-federalists? END
START who didn't take issue with madison's language during the debate over the establishment clause? END
START  what wasn't elbridge gerry's constituency? END
START where was representative roger sherman from? END
START why did sherman believe the establishment clause was unnecessary?  END
START what power was not granted to congress by the constitution? END
START where was representative thomas tucker from? END
START what was tucker concerned the establishment clause could preempt? END
START  where was representative roger merman from? END
START why did sherman believe the establishment clause was necessary? END
START  what power was granted to congress by the constitution? END
START  where was representative thomas pucker from? END
START what was tucker concerned the establishment clause could not preempt? END
START when was the 14th amendment to the us constitution created? END
START what was the intent of the 14th amendment? END
START what clauses does the 14th amendment include? END
START what does the 14th amendment also introduce the concept of? END
START what has the doctrine of incorporation been used to ensure? END
START when was the 13th amendment to the us constitution created? END
START  what was the intent of the 13th amendment? END
START  what clauses does the 13th amendment include? END
START  what does the 13th amendment also introduce the concept of? END
START what has the doctrine of incorporation been used to not ensure? END
START what landmark case has impacted all subsequent interpretations of the separation of church and state in regard to state governments? END
START what did the supreme court uphold in everson v. board of education? END
START what did the supreme court hold the first amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to? END
START what was a recent case involving the application of the principle of the establishment clause against states? END
START when was the case of v. grumet? END
START what landmark case hasn't impacted all subsequent interpretations of the separation of church and state in regard to state governments? END
START what didn't the supreme court uphold in everson v. board of education? END
START what didn't the supreme court hold the first amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to? END
START what was a past case involving the application of the principle of the establishment clause against states? END
START  when was the case of v. prumet? END
START what did jefferson's concept of 'separation of church and state" became part of what jurisprudence? END
START what case was jefferson's concept apropos to? END
START what does the constitution guarantee when it comes to religion? END
START what word is not defined in the constitution? END
START who had jefferson's letter been sent to? END
START jefferson's concept of 'separation of church and state" didn't become part of what jurisprudence? END
START what case wasn't jefferson's concept apropos to? END
START  what doesn't the constitution guarantee when it comes to religion? END
START  what word is defined in the constitution? END
START who hadn't jefferson's letter been sent to? END
START when was the centrality of the "separation" concept to the religion clauses of the constitution made explicit? END
START what case was the concept relevant? END
START what was the topic of the everson v. board of education? END
START what was the case of everson v. board of education the first instance of? END
START how must the wall separating church and state be kept? END
START when was the centrality of the "separation" concept to the religion clauses of the constitution not made explicit? END
START  what case wasn't the concept relevant? END
START  what wasn't the topic of the everson v. board of education? END
START what was the case of everson v. board of education the second instance of? END
START  how mustn't the wall separating church and state be kept? END
START what did the decision ultimately uphold? END
START what was the state allowed to continue to fund? END
START what did both the majority and dissenting opinions reiterate? END
START what was the disagreement between the justices over whether funding breached what? END
START what did justice jackson argue there were no grounds upon which to support what? END
START what did the decision not uphold? END
START  what was the state not allowed to continue to fund? END
START  what did neither the majority and dissenting opinions reiterate? END
START what was the agreement between the justices over whether funding breached what? END
START  what did justice jackson agree there were no grounds upon which to support what? END
START when did the supreme court address the issue of officially sponsored prayer in public schools? END
START what was the case in 1962 where the supreme court addressed the issue of officially sponsored school prayer? END
START by what vote did the supreme court determine it unconstitutional for state official to compose an official school prayer? END
START even if a prayer is non-denominational it's still considered what? END
START when did the supreme court address the issue of unofficially sponsored prayer in public schools? END
START  what was the case in 1962 where the supreme court addressed the issue of unofficially sponsored school prayer? END
START  by what vote did the supreme court determine it unconstitutional for state official to compose an unofficial school prayer? END
START  even if a prayer is denominational it's still considered what? END
START what was one of the reasons early colonists left england to seek religious freedom in america? END
START who was the lone dissenter in the supreme court's ruling? END
START what did stewart object to? END
START stewart felt the court was not responsibly aided by the uncritical invocation of what? END
START stewart pointed out that the phrase "wall of separation" was nowhere to be found in what? END
START what wasn't one of the reasons early colonists left england to seek religious freedom in america? END
START  who wasn't the lone dissenter in the supreme court's ruling? END
START  what did stewart agree with? END
START stewart felt the court was responsibly aided by the uncritical invocation of what? END
START stewart pointed out that the phrase "wall of separation" was everywhere to be found in what? END
START when did the case of epperson v. arkansas take place? END
START what did an arkansas law make it a crime to teach the theory of? END
START who wrote the court's opinion in epperson v. arkansas? END
START what did the arkansas law violate the constitutional prohibition of state laws in respect to? END
START what does the state have no legitimate interest in protecting any or all religions from? END
START when did the case of ipperson v. kansas take place? END
START  what did an arkansas law make it legal to teach the theory of? END
START  who wrote the court's opinion in epperson v. kansas? END
START what did the kansas law violate the constitutional prohibition of state laws in respect to? END
START what does the state have legitimate interest in protecting any or all religions from? END
START when was the case of lemon v. kurtzman? END
START what state's policy was in question in lemon v. kurtzman? END
START whose salaries were being reimbursed in private religious schools? END
START what did the state's policy violate? END
START what did the court's decision argue that the separation of church and state could never be? END
START when was the case of lime v. kurtzman? END
START  what state's policy was in question in lime v. kurtzman? END
START  whose salaries were being reimbursed in public religious schools? END
START  what did the state's policy not violate? END
START what did the court's decision argue that the separation of church and state could always be? END
START how many prongs is the supreme court's test to determine if a government action comports with the establishment clause? END
START what is the three-pronged test regarding the establishment clause know as? END
START to not violate the establishment clause, a law must be adopted with neutral or what purpose? END
START what much the primary effect of a law neither advance or inhibit? END
START excessive entanglement occurs when a state policy results in a close relationship of what? END
START how many prongs is the supreme court's test to determine if a government action comports without the establishment clause? END
START what is the four-pronged test regarding the establishment clause know as? END
START to violate the establishment clause, a law must be adopted with neutral or what purpose? END
START  what much the primary effect of a law both advance and inhibit? END
START excessive entanglement occurs when a state policy results in a distant relationship of what? END
START how many judges were on the panel which held the pledge of allegiance in california public schools was unconstitutional? END
START when did the three judge panel make their ruling? END
START what did both houses of congress pass measures reaffirming their support for? END
START why was the case of elk grove unified school district v. newdow overturned? END
START what did the five-justice majority hold that newdow lacked? END
START how many judges weren't on the panel which held the pledge of allegiance in california public schools was unconstitutional? END
START when did the three judge panel fail to make their ruling? END
START what did neither house of congress pass measures reaffirming their support for? END
START why was the case of elk grove unified school district v. newdow not overturned? END
START  what did the six-justice majority hold that newdow lacked? END
START when did the us court of appeals rule in the case of aclu v. mercer county? END
START what was displayed in kentucky courthouses? END
START why were the displays of the ten commandments allowed? END
START when was a ruling handed down on the mount soledad cross controversy? END
START what did a federal judge rule must be removed from public property? END
START when did the us court of appeals not rule in the case of aclu v. mercer county? END
START  what was not displayed in kentucky courthouses? END
START  why were the displays of the ten commandments disallowed? END
START when was a ruling not handed down on the mount soledad cross controversy? END
START what did a federal judge rule must be removed from private property? END
START what case is in regards to whether prayers at town meetings must allow various faiths? END
START when did the supreme court rule on town of greece v. galloway? END
START what was the supreme court's final vote in town of greece v. galloway? END
START who did the supreme court rule in favor of? END
START what did the supreme court rule the constitution allowed for? END
START what case is in regards to whether prayers at town meetings must not allow various faiths? END
START  when did the supreme court not rule on town of greece v. galloway? END
START  what wasn't the supreme court's final vote in town of greece v. galloway? END
START who did the supreme court not rule in favor of? END
START  what did the supreme court rule the constitution disallowed for? END
START what do some organizations disagree with the notion of? END
START what do scholars also disagree with about the way the supreme court has interpreted what? END
START what do the critics argue the phrase misrepresents? END
START what do critics note were intermingled at the time the constitution was ratified? END
START what do these critics argue couldn't have been intended by the framers of the constitution? END
START what do some organizations agree with the notion of? END
START what do scholars also agree with about the way the supreme court has interpreted what? END
START  what don't the critics argue the phrase misrepresents? END
START what do critics note were intermingled at the time the constitution was not ratified? END
START  what do these critics argue could have been intended by the framers of the constitution? END
START critics of modern separation of church and state note there was official establishment of what in several states at the time of ratification? END
START when was the passage of the 14th amendment? END
START what was recognized by the time the 14th amendment passed? END
START what kind of theory is the doctrine of the living constitution? END
START what do some debates center on the law of the land not being just defined by the constitution's supremacy clause but also by what? END
START critics of modern separation of church and state note there was unofficial establishment of what in several states at the time of ratification? END
START  when was the passage of the 15th amendment? END
START  what wasn't recognized by the time the 14th amendment passed? END
START  what kind of theory is the doctrine of the dead constitution? END
START what do some debates center on the law of the land being just defined by the constitution's supremacy clause but also by what? END
START what clause are both elected officials and appointed ones covered by? END
START what type of beliefs are not an allowed job qualification test for federal employees? END
START how many states violate the religious test clause with language somewhere in their official policies? END
START what do states violate the clause require state office-holders to possess? END
START what clause are neither elected officials and appointed ones covered by? END
START  what type of beliefs are an allowed job qualification test for federal employees? END
START how many states violate the religious test clause without language somewhere in their official policies? END
START what don't states violate the clause require state office-holders to possess? END
START what do the non-permissible clauses require a belief in? END
START what's one example in tennessee's constitution? END
START what language do some of the same states specify the oath of office include? END
START requiring oaths invoking god are today deemed to be in violation of what? END
START because such oaths are in violation of the first amendment, they're what? END
START what do the permissible clauses require a belief in? END
START  what's not one example in tennessee's constitution? END
START  what language do some of the different states specify the oath of office include? END
START  requiring oaths invoking god are today deemed to not be in violation of what? END
START because such oaths are in violation of the second amendment, they're what? END
START why have perks like relaxed zoning rules and special parking privileges been allowed for churches? END
START what is the national motto "in god we trust" officially known as? END
START what has the supreme court ruled about ceremonial deism? END
START what state uses as a motto a passage from the bible? END
START why was ohio allowed to use a biblical passage as its motto? END
START why have perks like relaxed zoning rules and special parking privileges been disallowed for churches? END
START  what is the national motto "in god we trust" unofficially known as? END
START  what has the supreme court not ruled about ceremonial deism? END
START  what state doesn't use a passage from the bible? END
START  why was ohio disallowed from using a biblical passage as its motto? END
START when do jeffries and ryan that the modern concept of separation of church and state dates from? END
START what was the central point of the rulings of the supreme court's rulings? END
START what was later banned in public education? END
START how many propositions make up the separationist position on the establishment clause? END
START when don't jeffries and ryan that the modern concept of separation of church and state dates from? END
START what was the non-central point of the rulings of the supreme court's rulings? END
START what was later not banned in public education? END
START  how many propositions make up the separationist position on the non-establishment clause? END
START what position do jeffries and ryan argue was the reason for support from a coalition of separationists? END
START what type of secularism came to dominate american public life? END
START who supported the ban against government aid to religious schools before 1970? END
START what diminished after 1980? END
START what is opposed today by members of many protestant faiths? END
START what position do jeffries and ryan argue wasn't the reason for support from a coalition of separationists? END
START  what type of secularism came to dominate non-american public life? END
START who supported the unban against government aid to religious schools before 1970? END
START  what diminished after 1981? END
START  what is opposed today by members of no protestant faiths? END
START what do critics of the concept of separation of church and state argue it's untethered to? END
START what is the profession of philip hamburger? END
START what school is philip hamburger associated with? END
START what does hamburger feel the modern concept of separation of church and state is rooted in? END
START what are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state known as? END
START what do critics of the concept of separation of church and state argue it's tethered to? END
START  what isn't the profession of philip hamburger? END
START  what school is philip hamburger disassociated with? END
START what does hamburger feel the modern concept of separation of church and state is not rooted in? END
START what are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state never known as? END
START who is the executive director of the baptist joint committee? END
START what does walker feel does not impugn the validity of the principle of separation of church and state? END
START who have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having nothing to do with a desire for a secular culture? END
START separationists opposed the catholic church when it sought to do what? END
START what does a principled debate on the issues not support a charge of? END
START  who is the former executive director of the baptist joint committee? END
START what does walker feel does impugn the validity of the principle of separation of church and state? END
START  who have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having everything to do with a desire for a secular culture? END
START separationists agreed with the catholic church when it sought to do what? END
START what does a principled debate on the issues support a charge of? END
START what did evangelicals want to keep apart? END
START what did religious freedom result from? END
START what profession does frank lambert have? END
START what is the name of lambert's book? END
START what did deists and skeptics join together to fight for? END
START  what didn't evangelicals want to keep apart? END
START  what didn't religious freedom result from? END
START  what profession doesn't frank lambert have? END
START  what is the name of mambert's book? END
START  what did deists and skeptics join together to fight against? END
START what does bellah say the separation of church and state is grounded firmly in? END
START what does bellah use the term "civil religion' to describe? END
START whose speech does bellah's 1967 article analyze? END
START what word does bellah ask how a president is justified to use? END
START what has the separation of church and state failed to deny the political realm of? END
START what does bellah say the separation of church and state is not grounded firmly in? END
START  what doesn't bellah use the term "civil religion' to describe? END
START  whose speech does bellah's 1977 article analyze? END
START  what word does bellah ask how a president is justified to not use? END
START what has the separation of church and state failed to approve the political realm of? END
START who has argued the united states is a model for the world in separation of church and state is a good thing? END
START what does having no state-run or state-established allow a variety of religions to do? END
START where is the center for new religions located? END
START what does wood believe the u.s. operates on? END
START what does wood call the approach of allowing individuals the freedom to decide what they want to believe? END
START who hasn't argued the united states is a model for the world in separation of church and state is a good thing? END
START what does having no state-run or state-established allow a variety of non-religions to do? END
START  where did the center for new religions leave? END
START  what does wood believe the u.k. operates on? END
START  what does wood call the approach of allowing individuals the freedom to decide what they don't want to believe? END
START what type of faith is protestantism? END
START whose teachings were once considered to be heretical? END
START other than protestantism, what are the other two divisions of christianity? END
START who wrote a letter protesting the condemnation of martin luther? END
START what was the name of the movement that started protestantism? END
START what do all protestantism denominations reject? END
START what catholic doctrine is usually denied in protestantism? END
START what is the term to describe using only faith for justification? END
START what is the highest authority in protestantism for morals? END
START what is the term to describe the differences between protestantism and catholicism? END
START where did lutheranism begin? END
START name three early protestant reformers. END
START where did arminianism take hold? END
START who ended catholic supremecy in england? END
START who made large contributions in the sciences in latter centuries? END
START what percentage of christians are protestant? END
START which continents have some form of protestantism? END
START what types of protestantism are increasing? END
START what protestant church has members around the world? END
START how many people are considered protestant? END
START from what language does the term evangelical originate? END
START what german word refers to the gospel or being protestant? END
START what english word for a church began with the puritans in england? END
START name two contributors to reformed churches. END
START who brought evangelicalism to the u.s.? END
START what is the term for teaching by only scripture? END
START how many primary doctrines are focused on the bible? END
START what is the term that means all in the bible is true? END
START what power can help someone overcome sin? END
START what is the term for needing the bible for salvation? END
START which ideas had little criticism for the most part? END
START what is the term for how the church as a whole works? END
START what group believes that some in the church have a special status to understand the bible? END
START at what period was inerrancy debated? END
START what item could be learned to gain salvation? END
START what is the second principle of protestantism? END
START what was luther's main principle? END
START what principle made the bible the one source for teaching? END
START what did reformers considered their beliefs to be, in terms of focus? END
START faith can bring what eternal benefit? END
START when did protestantism begin to split? END
START what was one of the main causes of the split in protestantism? END
START what catholic belief did early protestants not agree with? END
START what two substances are used in a catholic mass? END
START whose body and blood is considered present in holy communion? END
START who was one of the first to try to reform the catholic church? END
START when were the waldensians created? END
START in what year were the waldensians labeled as heretics? END
START where does the waldensian movement still exist currently? END
START what teachings originated with arnold of brescia? END
START who started the hussite movement? END
START whose words were an inspiration for jan hus? END
START how many crusades were waged against the hussites? END
START who called the crusades against the hussites? END
START how did jan hus die? END
START when did martin luther attach his 95 theses on the door of the church? END
START what did the theses argue against selling? END
START what catholic devotion would martin luther write about after the 95 theses/ END
START where was all saints' church? END
START who did martin luther criticize in the 95 theses? END
START who condemned the reformation? END
START who wrote the ordinances of 1541? END
START what city became the unofficial capital of the protestant movement? END
START what type of missionaries were taught in geneva? END
START when did john calvin die? END
START what was the nickname for french protestants? END
START what did the french find alienating about catholicism? END
START when were french nobles converted to protestantism? END
START whose death caused an increase in the french civil wars? END
START when was the st. bartholomew's day massacre? END
START who began the protestant movement in switzerland? END
START which two areas had a long history of resentment? END
START what was the name of the meeting to make an alliance between zwingli and luther? END
START what prince hosted the colloquy of marburg? END
START what did the colloquy of marburg become infamous for? END
START under whose reign did the church of england part from rome? END
START when was the act of supremacy passed? END
START who was made the supreme head of the church of england in 1534? END
START what made anglicanism into a more distinct tradition? END
START in what years were the dissolution of the monasteries carried out? END
START the growth of puritanism happened during what age? END
START the puritan movement worked on reforming what church? END
START what did the puritans want the church of england to emulate? END
START what was another name for the later puritan movement? END
START what did the later puritan movement create? END
START when was the scottish reformation? END
START the scottish reformation decreased what country's influence? END
START who was the leader of the scottish reformation? END
START whose regime made possible the scottish reformation? END
START when was the papal jurisdiction act passed? END
START when was the german peasants' war? END
START what war was waged from 1618 to 1648? END
START how much was the german population reduced during the thirty years' war? END
START what treaty ended the thirty years' war? END
START where was the german peasants' war? END
START what movement occurred during the 1730's and 1740's? END
START what movement made a permanent mark on protestantism in the u.s.? END
START when did the second great awakening start? END
START which congregations joined the second great awakening the most after 1820? END
START when did the second great awakening lose momentum? END
START what did the second great awakening create? END
START what was the second great awakening a reaction against? END
START when was the third great awakening? END
START what denominations did the third great awakening affect? END
START what movement was affiliated with the third great awakening? END
START what other movement gained its force from the third great awakening? END
START what new groups were formed as a result of the third great awakening? END
START what modern movement began in the 20th century? END
START what were the roots of the modern pentecostal movement? END
START what movement did pentecostalism create? END
START in what city did the modern pentecostal movement begin? END
START what type of mission was the birthplace of the modern pentecostal movement? END
START where has there been a rise in evangelical protestantism? END
START what type of churches have declined? END
START when did liberal christianity increase? END
START when did conservative churches start to increase? END
START what type of evangelical churches are the most popular? END
START what direction has europe moved towards? END
START what caused the spread of secularism? END
START what areas have a higher rate of christian observance? END
START what country is more religious than other developed nations? END
START when did south america show an increase in evangelicals? END
START which reformation was seen as not being effective enough? END
START what did karlstadt call lutheran theologians? END
START what is another name for magister? END
START what were reform movement leaders compared to? END
START what has been linked with pacifism? END
START what type of church do protestants believe in? END
START who comprises the invisible church? END
START what is the name of the main principles of protestantism? END
START what other entities are also considered to be protestant? END
START what catholic doctrine do protestants not believe in? END
START what type of movements have tried to unite protestant denominations? END
START which is larger, divisions or unions of protestantism? END
START what beliefs do most denominations agree on? END
START what types of doctrines do denominations not agree on? END
START what type of belief defines what is a major or minor doctrine? END
START what do national churches bring together? END
START how long has the faroe islands church been independent? END
START who has the only reformed church? END
START who is the head church of the anglican communion? END
START what type of church does tonga have? END
START what is another name for denominational families? END
START what are the major branches of protestantism? END
START what small branch of protestantism will also be discussed? END
START what created the differentiation of protestant branches? END
START what do some branches share in common? END
START the adventist movement has encouraged examining what in full? END
START what adventist groups observe the sabbath? END
START what is the name of the seventh-day adventist's core beliefs? END
START what is used for justification of the 28 fundamental beliefs? END
START what belief about ultimate punishment do adventists disagree on? END
START what does the word anabaptist describe? END
START who named the anabaptists? END
START what baptism do anabaptists reject? END
START who persecuted the anabaptists in the 16th century? END
START hans denck was considered what type of reformer? END
START what does anglican mean? END
START when did the word anglican begin? END
START who do the anglican churches have communion with? END
START how many anglican communion members are there in the world? END
START what power does each national or regional church possess? END
START who did the church of england split from? END
START at what time did the church of england become independent? END
START who headed the anglican reforms in the middle of the 16th century? END
START the church of england's reforms put it in the middle of what two traditions? END
START what liturgical forms in anglicanism were considered unacceptable by many progressive protestants? END
START according to baptists, who should have baptisms? END
START what type of baptism do baptists conduct? END
START what two offices do baptists have? END
START what type of churches are most baptists churches considered to be? END
START what is another term for soul competency? END
START where was the earliest baptist church founded? END
START who was the pastor of the first baptist church? END
START who believed that christ's atonement was for everyone? END
START who founded the first baptist group in what is now the united states? END
START who has spread the teachings of the baptists to each continent? END
START what is the most well-known summary of calvin's teachings? END
START what area does the five points of calvinism focus on? END
START what is a brief description of calvinism? END
START what calvinism doctrines are examples of the concept of the sovereignty of god? END
START who was an early leader in the reformed churches? END
START what is one of the largest protestant branches with 80 million members? END
START how popular is the branch of lutheranism? END
START what is the largest body of lutheran churches? END
START how many people belong to the lutheran world federation? END
START name two smaller lutheran church bodies. END
START who was the inspiration for methodism? END
START who did methodism originally attract? END
START what was john wesley's occupation? END
START how many methodists are there in the world today? END
START how did the methodist movement spread so far and wide? END
START methodists believe that christ achieved salvation for whom? END
START what do methodists believe that one must do to receive christ's salvation? END
START what is methodism known for, as far as music goes? END
START who wrote most of the methodist hymns? END
START what calvinist doctrine is focuses on salvation? END
START give two examples of spiritual gifts. END
START what are other terms used to describe pentecostalism? END
START pentecostals liken their teachings to those of what age? END
START pentecostals believe in baptism with what entity? END
START what three things are pentecostals committed to? END
START how many denominations were spawned by pentecostalism? END
START how many pentecostals are there in the world? END
START what movement has caused non-pentecostal churches to accept some pentecostal beliefs? END
START who can claim over 500 million members? END
START where is pentecostalism currently growing the most? END
START what do some groups of people who believe in basic protestant principles identify as? END
START what denomination do these small groups belong to? END
START how much affiliation do these small groups have with historical denominations? END
START who has founded these small groups of christians? END
START where do the plymouth brethren hail from? END
START what belief is the emphasis of the plymouth brethren? END
START though the plymouth brethren do not have a denominational name, what name is generally used for them? END
START when did the plymouth brethren originate? END
START what denomination do the brethren originate from? END
START what is another informal name for quaker? END
START what is the quakers unifying belief? END
START what have the quakers tried to avoid? END
START what collective movement are the quakers associated with? END
START what types of christianity do quakers belong to? END
START what is a prominent example of a movement which crosses over denominational lines? END
START which movement actually affected the catholic church? END
START what groups beliefs does the charismatic movement seek to add to branches of christianity? END
START name a sub-group of the charismatic movement. END
START what other types of churches often adopt charismatic or evangelical beliefs? END
START what period saw a large upswing in evangelicalism? END
START methodism is part of what movement? END
START where did the great awakenings increase interest in evangelicalism? END
START what man is associated with the beginnings of evangelicalism? END
START what american is considered to have been a seminal influence in the charismatic movement? END
START when was the massey conference held? END
START the massey conference eventually led to developing what seminars? END
START name uk influences on the charismatic movement. END
START where was the massey conference held? END
START who helped lutherans understand the charismatic movement in the 1960s? END
START in what state did charismatic lutheran congregations grow to be quite large? END
START where is an annual event that has quite a bit of charismatic activity? END
START what was published in 1974? END
START who wrote touched by the spirit? END
START who heads the newfrontiers movement? END
START where is every nations churches located? END
START what tendencies do reformed charismatics avoid? END
START what is a name for gifts of the spirit? END
START name the renewal movements which could be considered overemotional. END
START what group was very much hampered in england from making changes? END
START what college was influenced by puritan beliefs? END
START what movement influenced the puritans? END
START what movement did the puritans adopt in the 17th century? END
START when was the synod of dort? END
START what type of theology did puritans accept? END
START when did separatists become powerful in puritanism? END
START what types of piety did the puritans advocate? END
START where was calvin criticized? END
START at what gathering were supporters unsuccessful in establishing a new national church? END
START what religious movement affected education, politics, the economy, and marriage? END
START what churches let their clergy marry? END
START when did women join the protestant ministry? END
START what types of churches have women had leading positions? END
START what priesthood rules do protestant churches reject? END
START what did reformers increase so that their followers could read the bible? END
START in the middle of the eighteenth century, how many swedes could read and write? END
START who founded harvard college? END
START when was yale founded? END
START what state became a hub of learning? END
START what is the heart of the protestant moral code? END
START what did calvin particular reject? END
START what was a strong reason for inventors and investors to work on technical inventions? END
START what work ethic was an influence on capitalism and the industrial revolution? END
START what is another name for the protestant work ethic? END
START who calculated the global value development index? END
START what does a good job of combining religion and liberalism? END
START who did an analysis of world values survey data? END
START what university is arno tausch from? END
START what type of engagement is considered a world value? END
START what denominations are considered to be wealthier than most other groups? END
START affluent american families are what type of families? END
START what denominations are considered to be better educated than most other groups? END
START what political group has a disproportionately large number of protestants? END
START other than politics, what areas have a disproportionately large number of protestants? END
START the rise of english puritanism and german pietism resulted in a corresponding rise in what? END
START what religions did merton think caused the scientific revolution of the 17th and 18th centuries? END
START what other reason did merton believe causes science to advance? END
START what religions were english scientists in the 17th century? END
START what values were thought to have a significant synergy? END
START what was the name of the doctrine that separated church and non-religious affairs? END
START when was the treatise that allowed a congregation to elect or remove a minister? END
START who added the election of laymen to church government? END
START who added synods to church government? END
START what were luther's followers advised to use when governing worldly affairs? END
START what political mixture did calvin prefer? END
START what is the term for checks and balances in a political system? END
START who paved the way for modern democracy to emerge? END
START who was allowed to teach a liberal bible interpretation? END
START what philosophers were given asylum? END
START whose democracies were created by protestants? END
START other than the u.s., to what colonies did the british export their democratic beliefs? END
START what democratic principles were followed by the plymouth colony? END
START what group believed that democracy was the will of god? END
START what other group in america practiced self-rule and separation of powers? END
START what group initiated the right to religious freedom? END
START where did luther refuse to change his beliefs? END
START what persecuted groups followed the separation of church and state? END
START who wrote about religious freedom in the early 17th century? END
START how many american protestants supported independence in america? END
START what group popularized early protestant teachings about separation of church and state? END
START what did john locke use as a basis for his political beliefs? END
START whose ideas influenced the declaration of independence? END
START what rights do the declaration of independence consider unalienable? END
START what scripture did locke use as a reference for equality? END
START when did prussia stop torture? END
START when did britain end slavery? END
START who were the first men to make large contributions to international law? END
START who founded the red cross? END
START what international law was henry dunant mostly responsible for? END
START who first introduced social insurance programs? END
START what did bismarck consider social insurance programs to be? END
START what social reform movements were protestants working toward in the nineteen century? END
START what country started programs that led to the welfare state? END
START what area copied bismarck's social programs the most? END
START what did john milton do for world literature? END
START samuel taylor is listed as enriching what? END
START what women writers were listed as contributors to world literature? END
START edgar allen poe added value to literature in what area? END
START the roman catholic church considers protestant denominations to be what? END
START what is lacking in protestant priesthood, according to the roman catholic church? END
START what does the roman catholic church say is not comparable to their sacraments and dogmas? END
START what other church shares the roman catholic view on protestant churches? END
START what is lacking in protestantism, according to the roman catholic church? END
START who were magisterial reformers? END
START what institution did martin luther believe he was reforming? END
START instead of a visible church, what did protestants believe there was? END
START when did the idea of a hidden church begin? END
START what church did the reformers claim had left them? END
START the reformed churches based their beliefs about ecclesiastical organization on what movement? END
START who supported the magisterial reformation? END
START what are the doctrines of the reformed churches called? END
START what ecumenical council did the reformed churches reject? END
START what type of character became central to religious unity in reformed churches? END
START what group has been unsuccessful in creating a unified church since 1948? END
START what conference was held in 1910? END
START what churches have been strongly engaged in the ecumenical movement? END
START what have orthodox churches condemned the perception of? END
START what types of churches have had rapidly declining memberships? END
START if done properly, what protestant practice does the catholic church recognize? END
START what is the only other sacrament of the protestants that the catholic church recognizes? END
START who can become ordained to the catholic priesthood after a period of study? END
START protestants who want full communion with the catholic church do not have to be what? END
START why does the catholic church not recognize the ordination of protestant ministers? END
START what document was signed in 1999? END
START who rejects the statement signed in 1999? END
START who adopted the joint declaration in 2006? END
START the joint declaration supposedly resolves the conflict which originally led to what movement? END
START what two groups originally signed the joint declaration? END
START how many protestants are there in the world? END
START what is the total population of christians in the world? END
START approximately how much of the world's population are protestant (in fractions)? END
START what area only had about 2 million protestants in 2010? END
START what area had the largest protestant population in 2010? END
START in what european areas is protestantism still the most practiced religion? END
START in 2012, what percentage of the eu was thought to be protestant? END
START in what countries is protestantism one of the most popular (but not the most popular) religions? END
START the pew research center estimated protestants to be what percentage of europe's christian population in 2010? END
START what area was once the site of a significant pre-reformation movement, but now only has a small number of protestants? END
START where has protestantism spread quickly since the 1900's? END
START when did much of the spread of protestantism occur in the 20th century? END
START what percentage of anglicans were in the uk in 1910? END
START in 2010, what percentage of anglicans were said to be in africa? END
START in 2010, what country had more protestants than both the uk and germany together? END
START what is brazil's capital? END
START what region of brazil is brasilia in? END
START what is brasilia's gdp per capita in us dollars? END
START what is the population of brasilia's metro area? END
START when was brasilia founded? END
START what portugese district is the capital of brazil? END
START where is brasilia's metro located? END
START when was brasilia founded to serve as the metro? END
START what is the population of brasilia's federal district? END
START what was the population of brasilia and its metro in 1960? END
START how many administrative regions does the federal district have? END
START what is brasilia's proper city population? END
START what does brasilia's metro area consist of? END
START which world cup did brasilia host? END
START which confederations cup did brasilia host? END
START what did brasilia host in 2011? END
START what unique status does the federal district have in brazil? END
START how many synedoche are in brazil? END
START what was the population of brazil in 2013? END
START what was brasil a main administrative division of in 2014? END
START when did kubitschek become president of brazil? END
START when did kubitschek leave office? END
START who ordered brasilia be built? END
START how many people competed to be brasilia's urban planner? END
START when was brasilia inaugurated? END
START during what time period was lucio costa president of brazil? END
START what did oscar niemeyer cause to be constructed in brazil? END
START how many people competed in a contest to help build the city in 1956? END
START when was brasilia's constitution made official? END
START what was lucio costa's plan to build brasilia called? END
START when did brazil pass a new constitution? END
START what rights did brasilia gain in 1988? END
START what is brasilia's district assembly called? END
START until 1988 who was the governor of the federal district appointed by? END
START what does the federal government not have? END
START what does the brazilian federal senate also serve besides the federal district? END
START what does the district assembly not have currently? END
START for now what kind of cases does the district assembly serve? END
START what climate type does brasilia have? END
START when is brasilia's rainy season? END
START when is brasilia's dry season? END
START what is the average maximum temperature in brasilia in september? END
START which month does brasilia have the highest rainfall? END
START how high is the rainfall in brasilia in september? END
START how low is the rainfall in brasilia in april? END
START what climate type does koppen have? END
START what are average temperatures like from may to september? END
START how much rain is there during the highest rainfall of the year in october? END
START what is brazil's official language? END
START what languages besides portuguese are taught in brasilia's schools? END
START how many international schools are in brasilia? END
START when will a new international school open in brasilia? END
START what nationality will the new international school in brasilia be? END
START where is english the primary language taught in brasilia? END
START how many private colleges are in brasilia? END
START in what year will the official curriculum start? END
START what school will the official curriculum be taught in? END
START what is the maple bear canadian school's official language? END
START who designed the cathedral of brasília? END
START what type of structure is the cathedral of brasília? END
START when was the cathedral of brasília dedicated? END
START how many identical columns are used in the cathedral of brasília? END
START how much do the cathedral of brasília's columns weigh? END
START when was the capital of the federative republic of brazil created? END
START who founded the capital of brazil? END
START how many parts of the capital were reaching up to heaven? END
START when was brasilia dedicated? END
START how much does the glass weigh? END
START what is in the planalto palace? END
START where does brazil's president live, in portuguese? END
START what does 'palácio da alvorada' mean? END
START who designed gardens for some of brasilia's major buildings? END
START what style of gardens did marx design? END
START what did planalto design? END
START what did planalto create his designs for? END
START what supports the modernest gardens? END
START where do you enter the presidential offices instead of a doorway? END
START where does roberto burle marx live? END
START what are 'superquadras' or superblocks? END
START where is there a peninsula with luxury homes? END
START what did the planners want to have around lake paranoa? END
START what took over lake paranoa's shores contrary to the plan? END
START what mostly-unplanned cities are around brasilia? END
START what type of private clubs were built by the brasilian government? END
START how are open spaces arranged in brasilia? END
START what is the definition of a nucleo? END
START what is located at the northern end of bandeirante? END
START what did the cuperquadras plan to build near the lake shore? END
START who complained that brasilia was monotonous? END
START what nationality was de beauvoir? END
START what was de beauvoir's career? END
START what is brasilia famous for? END
START what did the citizens complain after visiting brasilia? END
START what are superquadras famous for? END
START what have other observers compared forested areas to? END
START what is located on either side of the plazas? END
START how have the bookstores and cafes been improved? END
START what services are central to brasilia's economy? END
START what is brasilia's most important non-service industry? END
START how much of brasilia's gdp is from public administration? END
START how much of brasilia's gdp is from services? END
START how much of brasilia's gdp is from agribusiness? END
START what shows the city's status as an industrial center? END
START what public administration roles are important? END
START how is government divided according to percentage? END
START what other parts of finance are important? END
START what major roles of public administration and commerce show brasilia as governmental rather than industrial? END
START what is brasilia's gdp? END
START how much of brazil's gdp comes from brasilia? END
START what industries is brasilia trying to encourage? END
START what city is an important federal district? END
START where does the main economic activity of unesco come from? END
START what is the non-polluting industry registered by? END
START what does unesco encorage in brasilia? END
START what does the film industry put emphasis on in brasilia? END
START where did brasilia place hotels? END
START what kinds of hotels does brasilia have? END
START what kinds of restaurants does brasilia have? END
START what lake has some hotels around it? END
START what do hotel sectors cater to? END
START what did the design of hostels include? END
START where are restaurants and pensions placed in brasilia? END
START near what lake is the sector south located? END
START where are new restaurants being developed? END
START when was 'the world in grey' published? END
START who wrote 'the world in grey'? END
START whose prophecy is 'the world in grey' based on? END
START who is brasilia's patron saint? END
START what lake did don bosco predict? END
START what has ryan j. lucero been the focus of recently? END
START when was the promised land published? END
START what was the prophecy of ryan j. lucero? END
START who is  the patron saint of italy? END
START where was world in grey created? END
START what does 'praça dos três poderes' mean? END
START what does the name 'praça dos três poderes' come from? END
START what is brazil's supreme court called? END
START who designed the praça dos três poderes? END
START what is brazil's congress called? END
START what is a court in the national congress? END
START what is a tourist attraction in lucio? END
START where does the name lucio costa come from? END
START who designed the supreme federal court? END
START what is the presidential office designed by lucio costa and oscar niemeyer called? END
START where does brazil's president live? END
START when did brasilia's presidential residence open? END
START what principles of architecture was the alvorada designed with? END
START how large is the alvorada? END
START how many floors does the alvorada have? END
START what is the area of the city of brasilia? END
START when was the president of brazil inaugurated? END
START how many floors are in the chapel? END
START what is the name of one of the first olympic-sized swimming pools built in the capital city? END
START what principles motivated the president of brazil? END
START how many floors does the planalto have? END
START how large is the planalto? END
START where are the president's offices? END
START who designed the planalto? END
START where are the vp's offices? END
START how many floors are in the palacio da alvoarada? END
START what is the area of the palacio de alvorada? END
START who also has offices in the alvorada? END
START what is the official workplace of oscar niemeyer? END
START what is used as a metonym for the chief of staff of government? END
START when did brasilia's airport add a second runway? END
START how many passengers came through brasilia's airport in 2007? END
START how many movie theaters are in brasilia's airport? END
START how many vendor spaces are in brasilia's airport? END
START how many parking spaces are there at brasilia's airport? END
START what did avianca build by following the airport master plan? END
START when did webjet add a second runway? END
START how many passengers did the airport handle in 2006? END
START how many vendor spaces does engevix have? END
START in 2007 by how much was the airport expanded to handle? END
START how many boarding bridges does brasilia's airport have? END
START when did the number of boarding bridges at brasilia's airport nearly double? END
START what company now runs brasilia's airport? END
START besides boarding bridges, what also doubled in 2014 at brasilia's airport? END
START what is brasilia's airport's annual passenger capacity after 2014's improvements? END
START how many boarding bridges did miami recieve in 2014? END
START what did the boarding bridges increase to in buenos aires in 2014? END
START what was transferred to paris after an auction? END
START what did the amount of passengers double to in 2014? END
START what company runs the vip room? END
START what is the jk bridge a nickname for? END
START what does the jk bridge cross? END
START who was the jk bridge named for? END
START who was de oliveira? END
START who designed the jk bridge? END
START what did juscelino kubitschek de oliveira design? END
START what was alexandre chan former president of? END
START what did mario vila verde win in 2003? END
START what does the mario vila verde bridge cross? END
START where was the gustav lindenthal conference located? END
START what is the rodoviária? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in ceilândia? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in taguatinga? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in the plano piloto? END
START what areas does brasilia's public transit avoid? END
START where does the metro go after leaving the satellite cities? END
START what do most residents of the rodoviaria depend on? END
START what tourist areas does the metro serve? END
START what areas served are more populated than the political areas? END
START according to the 2000 census, how  many people lived in guara? END
START where did brasilia's plan want interstate buses to stop? END
START what is the older interstate bus station called? END
START where is the older interstate bus station? END
START what mall is brasilia's newest bus station near? END
START what street is brasilia's newest bus station on? END
START in the original plan where should western end buses stop? END
START because of the location of the parkshopping mall, where do buses leave from today? END
START when was the rodoferroviaria opened? END
START where is the central station located that opened in july 2010? END
START what is only used to leave the eixo monumental? END
START what type of sports are popular in brasilia? END
START what air sports event did brasilia host in 2003? END
START what air sports event did brasilia host in 2005? END
START why is brasilia a good place for air sports? END
START what category of free flying did brasilia host in august 2005? END
START what is the name for paragliding in brasilia? END
START what does the city have to offer because of its categories of free flying? END
START what is thermal wind known as? END
START what is the name of a manoeuvre appreciated by hanggliding? END
START what type of country is greece? END
START what percentage of greece's economy is based on service? END
START how much of greece's economy is comprised of industrial sectors? END
START how much of the national economic output did the agricultural sector of greece contribute in 2015? END
START how many international tourists visited greece in 2013? END
START what type of continent is greece? END
START what percentage of greece's economy is taken from service? END
START how much of greece's debt is comprised of industrial sectors? END
START how much of the national economic output did the agricultural sector of greece eliminate in 2014? END
START how many international tourists were imprisoned in greece in 2013? END
START what is greece a significant producer of within the eu? END
START greece has the largest what in the balkans? END
START what was albania's largest foreign investor in 2013? END
START who is greece the most important trading partner to? END
START what greek telecommunications company has become a strong investor in former yugoslavia? END
START what is greece a significant consumer of outside the eu? END
START what is the smallest in the balkans for greece? END
START what was albania's smallest foreign investor in 2013? END
START who is greece the least important trading partner to? END
START what greek telecommunications company has become a weak investor in former yugoslavia? END
START what does the abbreviation oecd expand to? END
START what organization was greek a founding member? END
START what is greece's economy classified as? END
START when did greece join what is now the european union? END
START when did greece adopt the euro as its currency? END
START what does the abbreviation oecd shrink to? END
START what organization was greek a banned member? END
START what is greece's economy forbidden from? END
START when did greece leave what is now the european union? END
START when did greece remove the euro as its currency? END
START what years of economic growth was called greece's economic miracle? END
START from what year was greece's levels of gdp growth above the eurozone average? END
START what was the gdp growth rate of greece in 2013? END
START how much public debt did greece have in 2011? END
START what year did greece fall back into recession? END
START what years of economic growth were called greece's economic hell? END
START what year was greece's levels of gdp growth the same as the eurozone average? END
START what was the gdp reduction rate of greece in 2011? END
START how much public profit did greece have in 2011? END
START what year did greece become immune to recessions? END
START what transformed a large part of the world in the 19th century? END
START what does recent research from 2006 examine? END
START what was greece's gdp growth between 1833 and 1911 compared other western european nations? END
START what type of industrial activity was evident in greece in the period researched? END
START what did greece do in 1826, 1843, 1860 and 1894? END
START what paralyzed a large part of the world in the 18th century? END
START what does recent research from 2006 avoid? END
START what was greece's gdp decline between 1833 and 1911 compared with other western european nations? END
START what type of industrial activity was unknown in greece in the period researched? END
START what did greece avoid in 1826, 1843, 1860 and 1894? END
START how many years of consecutive growth had greece had? END
START when did greece go into recession? END
START what did the greek economy have the highest of at the end of 2009? END
START what percentage of gdp was the budget deficit of greece in 2009? END
START what type of crisis resulted from the budget deficit and rising debt levels of greece? END
START how many years of consecutive growth has greece lost? END
START when did greece reverse their recession? END
START what did the greek economy have the lowest of at the end of 2009? END
START what percentage of gdp was the budget surplus of greece in 2009? END
START what type of crisis was averted from the budget surplus and lowering debt levels of greece? END
START what was greece accused of covering up the extent of? END
START what prompted the allegation of greece's covering up its budget deficit?  END
START who voted in favor of an official investigation of the accusations? END
START when did the parliament vote in favor of an investigation? END
START what did a former member of the hellenic statistical authority say the deficit had been inflated to justify? END
START what was greece accused of being transparent about? END
START what silenced the allegation of greece's covering up its budget deficit? END
START who voted against an official investigation of the accusations? END
START when did the parliament vote in opposition of an investigation? END
START what did a former member of the hellenic statistical authority say the deficit had been decreased to justify? END
START what were the majority of the differences in the revised budget due to the temporary changing of? END
START when were expenses recorded by the new government? END
START what did retroactively applying the esa95 methodology result in raising the budget deficit to? END
START by how much did the budget deficit of greece exceed the 3% limit in the reference year of 1999? END
START what other european country were claims similar to those levied against greece made? END
START what had no differences in the revised budget? END
START when were expenses classified by the new government? END
START what did retroactively applying the esa95 methodology result in lowering the budget deficit to? END
START how much did the budget deficit of greece decrease the 3% limit in the reference year of 1994? END
START what other european country were claims similar to those levied against greece restricted? END
START who provided a report for greece in 2005? END
START what was the range of the impact of the new accounting rules on the greek fiscal figures for the years 1997 to 1999? END
START what was the year of greece's emu membership qualification? END
START what methodology was in force when greece submitted its membership qualification? END
START what did the greek minister of finance clarify the 1999 budget was below when calculated with the esa79 methodology? END
START who burned a report for greece in 2005? END
START what was the range of the impact of the new accounting rules on the greek fiscal figures for the years 1990 to 1979? END
START what was the year of greece's emu membership disqualification? END
START what methodology was not in force when greece submitted its membership qualification? END
START what did the greek minister of finance clarify the 1999 budget was above when calculated with the esa79 methodology? END
START what error is sometimes made by tying greece's eurozone entry with? END
START what banks did greece use derivatives' deals with? END
START what was the result of the deals with the u.s. banks? END
START how many euros was greece able to "hide" because of an arrangement with goldman sachs? END
START why aren't the deficit values affected by the currency swap with goldman sachs relevant to greece's eurozone entry? END
START what error is never made? END
START what banks did greece lose derivatives' deals with? END
START what was the result of the rejection with the u.s. banks? END
START why are the deficit values affected by the currency swap with goldman sachs relevant to greece's eurozone entry? END
START how many euros was greece able to give away because of an arrangement with goldman sachs? END
START what were credits given to european governments disguised as? END
START why weren't swaps registered as debts by eurostat at the time? END
START what rules did a german derivatives dealer say could be quite legally circumvented through swaps? END
START what was again revised in may of 2010? END
START what was greece's public debt forecast to hit as high of a percentage of gdp of in 2010? END
START what were credits taken from european governments disguised as? END
START why were swaps registered as debts by eurostat at the time? END
START what rules did a german derivatives dealer say could never be quite legally circumvented through swaps? END
START what was left unchanged in may of 2010? END
START what was greece's public debt forecast to hit as low of a percentage of gdp of in 2000? END
START what did the international banks have doubts about greece's ability to repay? END
START what was a consequence of the doubt that greece could pay it's debts? END
START how much money did the imf and other eurozone countries agree to give greece in 2010? END
START what was the total amount of the rescue package given to greece? END
START what organizations are keeping a watchful eye on how greece is implementing austerity measures? END
START what did the international banks have no doubts about greece's ability to repay? END
START what was avoided by the doubt that greece could pay it's debts? END
START how much money did the imf and other eurozone countries agree to steal from greece in 2010? END
START what was the total amount of the rescue package taken from greece? END
START what organizations are ignoring how greece is implementing austerity measures? END
START what did greece have the highest percentage increase in between 2005 and 2011? END
START what was the increase of greece's industrial output between 2005 and 2011? END
START what did the industrial production in greece fall by due to the financial crisis? END
START what is greece ranked in the eu in the production of marble? END
START how many tons of marble does greece produce? END
START what did greece have the lowest percentage increase in between 2005 and 2011? END
START what was the decrease of greece's industrial output between 2005 and 2011? END
START what did the industrial production in greece increase by due to the financial crisis? END
START what is greece ranked in the us in the production of marble? END
START how many tons of marble does greece destroy? END
START what does greece have the largest of in the world? END
START greece's navy accounts for more than what percentage of the world's total deadweight tonnage? END
START what is the greek merchant navy's total dwt? END
START what percentage of the entire eu's dwt does greece alone represent? END
START how many ships did greece's navy have in the late 1970s? END
START what does greece have the smallest of in the world? END
START how many ships did greece's navy lose in the late 1970s? END
START what percentage of the entire eu's dwt does greece alone avoid? END
START what is the greek merchant navy's incorrect dwt? END
START what percentage of greece's navy accounts for less than the world's total deadweight tonnage? END
START how many of the world's tankers do greek companies own? END
START what percentage of the world's bulk carriers are greece's? END
START what percentage of greece's gdp does shipping account for? END
START what did earnings from greece's shipping amount to in 2011? END
START how many greek shipping companies were in operation in 2011? END
START how many of the world's tankers do greek companies punish? END
START what percentage of the eu bulk carriers are not greece's? END
START what percentage of greece's gdp does shipping not account for? END
START what did earnings from greece's shipping amount to a loss of in 2011? END
START how many greek shipping companies were closed in 2011? END
START when counting shipping as quasi-exports and in terms of monetary value, what is greece's global rank? END
START what was the worth greece's shipping services in 2011? END
START what three countries were ahead of greece in 2011 with exports? END
START what was the shipping services imported by greece in 2011 worth? END
START what was greece's 2011 trade surplus? END
START when counting shipping as quasi-exports and in terms of monetary value, what is greece's local rank? END
START what was the worth greece's shipping services lost in 2011? END
START what seven countries were ahead of greece in 2011 with exports? END
START what was greece's 2011 trade deficit? END
START who ran the phones in greece between 1949 and the 1980s? END
START what was the hellenic telecommunications organization better known by the acronym of? END
START when did the liberalization of the telephone communications in greece happen? END
START what company has a 40% stake in ote? END
START how many shares of ote does the greek state own? END
START who removed the phones in greece between 1949 and the 1980s? END
START what was the hellenic telecommunications organization not known as well by the acronym of? END
START when did the liberalization of the telephone communications in greece become impossible? END
START what company lost a 40% stake in ote? END
START how many shares of ote does the greek state sell? END
START what does greece lag behind other eu countries in terms of use? END
START how much did the percentage of households with access to the internet increase between 2006 and 2013? END
START what has the been a massive increase in the number of households with in greece? END
START who has the eu's third highest percentage of people who've never used the internet? END
START what percentage of people in greece had never used the internet as of 2013? END
START what does greece do more than other eu countries in terms of use? END
START how much did the percentage of households with access to the internet decrease between 2003 and 2013? END
START what has the been a massive deterrent in the number of households within greece? END
START who has the eu's third smallest percentage of people who've never used the internet? END
START what percentage of people in greece have never stopped using the internet as of 2013? END
START how many millions of tourists does greece attract each year? END
START what part of greece's gdp is accounted for by tourism? END
START what did the 2008 oecd report show the average tourist expenditure while in greece was? END
START how many jobs in 2008 in greece were somehow related to the tourism industry? END
START how many tourists did greece welcome in 2009? END
START how many millions of tourists does greece ban each year? END
START what part of greece's gdp is unaccounted for by tourism? END
START how many jobs in 2008 in greece were not related to the tourism industry? END
START how many tourists did greece refuse in 2009? END
START what have a number of tourism-related organizations placed greek destinations at the top of? END
START what greek city was rated the world's fifth best ultimate party town by 2009's lonely planet? END
START what distinction does the city of thessaloniki have in regards to size in greece? END
START what did travel+leisure vote the island of santorini as in 2011? END
START what island was ranked as the 5th best in europe? END
START what have a number of tourism-related organizations placed greek destinations at the bottom of? END
START what greek city was rated the world's worst ultimate party town by 2008's lonely planet? END
START what distinction does the city of thessaloniki not have in regards to size in greece? END
START what did travel+leisure vote the island of santorini as in 2005? END
START what island was ranked as the most dangerous in europe? END
START what was olympic airways known as after 2003? END
START what was olympic airlines relaunched as in 2009? END
START what airlines was award the "best regional airline in europe" award by skytrax? END
START what does olympic air hold a silver era award for? END
START what year did olympic air receive an award as top domestic airline? END
START what was olympic airways known as before 2003? END
START what was olympic airlines relaunched as in 2012? END
START what airlines was awarded the "worst regional airline in europe" award by skytrax? END
START what does olympic air hold a bronze era award for? END
START what year did olympic air lose an award as top domestic airline? END
START how long is greek's rail network estimated to run? END
START who runs the rail transport in greece? END
START who is trainose a subsidiary of? END
START what gauge is most of greece's railway? END
START how many kilometers of greece's railway is electrified? END
START how long is greek's rail network estimated to be damaged? END
START who closed the rail transport in greece? END
START who is trainose an owner of? END
START what gauge is none of greece's railway? END
START how many kilometers of greece's railway is gold? END
START what was greece's largest port as measured by good transported in 2010? END
START how many million of tons went through aghioi theodoroi in 2010? END
START how many million tons of goods did port eleusis transport in 2010? END
START how many tons of goods were transported through greece in 2007? END
START what was the port of piraeus declared to be in 2013? END
START what was greece's smallest port as measured by good transported in 2010? END
START how many million of feathers went through aghioi theodoroi in 2010? END
START how many million tons of goods did port eleusis steal in 2010? END
START how many tons of goods were lost in transport through greece in 2007? END
START what was the port of piraeus declared to be in 2011? END
START how many teus did piraeus handle in 2010? END
START what amount of teus did thessaloniki handle in 2010? END
START how many million of people passed through greece's ports in 2010? END
START what record amount of teus did piraeus handle in 2013? END
START what organization owns pier ii in piraeus?  END
START how many teus did piraeus remove in 2010? END
START what amount of teus did thessaloniki destroy in 2010? END
START how many millions of people couldn't pass through greece's ports in 2010? END
START what record amount of teus did piraeus lose in 2013? END
START what organization is owned by pier ii in piraeus? END
START who dominates energy production in greece? END
START how much of all of greece's energy demand was supplied by dei in 2009? END
START what is almost half of dei's power output generated by the use of? END
START how much of dei's energy output is from natural gas? END
START what percentage did independent companies' energy production increase between 2009 and 2010? END
START who has no energy production in greece? END
START how much of all of greece's energy demand was removed by dei in 2005? END
START what is almost a quarter of dei's power output generated by the use of? END
START how much of dei's energy output is lost from natural gas? END
START what percentage did independent companies' energy production decrease between 2007 and 2010? END
START how much of greece's energy consumption came from renewable sources in 2008? END
START what was eu average amount of energy from renewable sources in 2008? END
START where does most of greece's renewable energy come from? END
START how much of greece's energy is targeted to be from renewable sources by 2020? END
START who suggested research into the possibility of a greek nuclear power plant should begin? END
START how much of greece's energy consumption was eliminated from renewable sources in 2008? END
START what was eu's lowest amount of energy from renewable sources in 2008? END
START how is most of greece's renewable energy ruined? END
START how much of greece's energy is targeted to be reduced from renewable sources by 2020? END
START who suggested research into the possibility of a greek nuclear power plant should end? END
START what is greece set to start exploring the ionian sea for? END
START what countries have expressed interest in greece's oil and gas exploration? END
START when were the first results of the energy explorations expected? END
START when did the deutsche bank publish a report on the findings of the value of the reserves south of crete? END
START what did the deutsche bank estimate the value of the reserves to be at? END
START what is greece going to stop exploring the ionian sea for? END
START what countries have expressed no interest in greece's oil and gas exploration? END
START when were the last results of the energy explorations expected? END
START when did the deutsche bank destroy a report on the findings of the value of the reserves south of crete? END
START what did the deutsche bank estimate the value of the reserves to become in years ahead? END
START what was the currency of greece until 2002? END
START what did greece sign to apply to join the eurozone? END
START how many convergence criteria were there in the treaty? END
START when did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro take place? END
START when did the ten-year period for eligible exchange of the drachma to euro end? END
START what was the banned currency of greece until 2002? END
START what did greece sign to apply to leave the eurozone? END
START how many convergence criteria were ignored in the treaty? END
START when did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro become illegal? END
START when did the twenty-year period for eligible exchange of the drachma to euro end? END
START what did imf forecast greece's unemployment rate to be in 2012? END
START what was greece's unemployment rate between in 2009? END
START what did greece's unemployment rate soar to in 2013? END
START what was greece's jobless rate in 2015? END
START what is thought to have eroded greece's potential output? END
START what did imf forecast greece's employment rate to be in 2010? END
START what was greece's employment rate between 2000 and 2009? END
START what did greece's unemployment rate crash to in 2013? END
START what is thought to have helped greece's potential output? END
START does speaker of the house participate in dbate? END
START are snate majority leaders more influential than speaker of the house?? END
START who did newt gingrich delegate much authority to? END
START who was speaker of the house when tom delay was majority leader? END
START how much authority did tom delay delegate to dick armey? END
START what did tom delay give dick armey the authority over on the house floor? END
START what does the senate majority leader not do typically? END
START who was dennis hastert more prominent than? END
START what are the majority leader's duties in westminster? END
START who takes over as speaker if the minority party gains control of the house? END
START what meetings do minority and majority leaders usually meet to discuss? END
START who is he current minority leader? END
START if minority party takes control of congress, who is usually in link to become majority leader? END
START who is the current majority leader? END
START who is the majority leader leader of in the house? END
START who does the minority whip usually meet with? END
START what does the minority whip meet with the majority leader and speaker to discuss? END
START when is the minority whip on the ballot? END
START are minority leaders usually experienced? END
START in what congress did nancy pelosi bdcome minority leader? END
START how long had richard gephart served in house prior to being elected to minority leader? END
START when was robert michel elected minority leader? END
START john rhodes served as minority leader beginning in what year? END
START how long had nancy pelosi served as chairman of the democratic caucus? END
START what office did nanci pelosi run for in 1988? END
START how long had pelosi served as majority leader? END
START what position did robert michel have in the 104th congress? END
START in what year did richard gephardt become gop leader? END
START what republican majority leader died in a plane crash? END
START since 1995 who is the only majority leader to become speaker? END
START who succeeded newt gingrich as speaker? END
START between majority leader and speaker what roles did boehner have? END
START how did newt gingrich die in 2006? END
START from 1931-1995 what did the republicans control? END
START from 1959-1965 what did john boehner become? END
START since 2007 who was the only majority whip to become speaker? END
START what did dick armey serve as from 2007-2011? END
START who is the leader of the majority leader in house? END
START what is the title of seconde in command for majority party in congress? END
START who overshadowed house speaker dennis hastert? END
START who is the leader of the minority party in the house? END
START what did tom delay succeed boehner as in 2010? END
START when did the democrats gain a majority in the house? END
START after the 2010 elections, what were tom delay and dennis hastert considered? END
START why were delay and hastert considered second-ranking in the house in 2010? END
START when did the minority leader overshadow boehner? END
START does the minority or majority party have more leadership positions in house? END
START what role did pelosi win in 112th congress? END
START what party lost control of house in 2010 elections? END
START what did the minority whip successfully run for in the 112th congress? END
START how many leadership positions does the speaker have when losing the minority whip's chair? END
START in what year did the republicans lose control of the house? END
START why was pelosi seeking the minority whip position? END
START when the speaker has one less leadership position after losing the minority whips' chair what happens for the remaining positions? END
START what rule gives minority leader right to offer motion to recommit with instructions? END
START who may place legislation on a corrections calendar? END
START minority leader may appoint individuals to what government roles? END
START what other institutional duties does the inspector general have? END
START what does rule xii, clause 6 grant the inspector general? END
START who are able to appoint individuals to the house according to rule ii, clause 6? END
START who does the inspector general have to consult with according to rule xv, clause 6? END
START what can the inspector general do after consulting with the minority leader? END
START are minority leadership roles specified closely? END
START what congressman largely specified the job description of minority leader? END
START what despcription was assigned to minority leader in part? END
START what defines a large part of minority leader role? END
START how defined are the roles of majority leader? END
START what is used to define what the function of majority leader is? END
START what kind of tactics were usually used by the majority leader from 1931-1939? END
START what are some of the duties of a majority leader? END
START what is majority leader supposed to defend for the majority? END
START when was the minority leader position created?  END
START why was minority leader position created? END
START who is sometimes considered the first funcioning "minority leader?" END
START who was treasury secretary at time of first congress? END
START from what time do scholars like to study the affairs of congress? END
START what state was alexander hamilton originally from? END
START what system was created by alexander hamilton? END
START how long did alexander hamilton serve as treasury secretary? END
START what did alexander hamilton function as to oppose james madison? END
START in the early days who represented party leadership? END
START in early 19th century, what were 2 common parties? END
START what would be the purpose of organizing non majority members of  the house? END
START what did the democratic-republicans have in 1828? END
START how many members of congress were there in 1828? END
START who offered their view on lack of democrat-republican leadership in 1813? END
START in what year did capitol hill get its name? END
START what did the democratic-republicans need in 1828? END
START what made identifying house leadership difficult? END
START how many candidates was typical in early fields for speaker? END
START from 1861 to 1875 how many times was dmocratic minority speaker not nominated? END
START what atmosphere was most prevalent in congress from 1834 through 1859? END
START what did the democratic minority make more difficult in 1834? END
START what did democrats assume the role of in 1855? END
START what were democrats not automatically looked to for in 1834? END
START how many candidates were there from 1861-1875 for speaker? END
START who's contention is it that the minority party candidate is clearly minority leader since 1883? END
START why was keifer discredited/empty leader? END
START although keifer held minority leader role, who was actual gloof leader? END
START why was randall ripley discredited as speaker in 1883? END
START what nomination did ripley receive? END
START who was ripley deserted by? END
START what happened to ripley's career becaue of this desertion? END
START who assumed the role as speaker after randall ripley? END
START prior to 1883 there is evidence that serious caucus fights occured in what years? END
START what prominent ex-speaker was nominated for minority role in 1875? END
START what former appropriations chairman was nominated for minority leader in 1876,77,79? END
START in what year do democrats contend that the speaker position began? END
START what were the republicans fighting for in 1877 and 1879? END
START what did the republican fight for minority speakership indicate? END
START during what three years was keifer nominated by democrats? END
START what did democrats nominate james a. garfield for in 1875? END
START is there a consensus about the time that minority leadership officially emerged as a position? END
START what party characteristics emerged in the house in late 19th century? END
START what were these conditions effective for in the house? END
START what do some voters not always agree with? END
START when was house leadership structure first established? END
START what does the publc not agree about when congress was formed? END
START what did professional organizations help establish for society? END
START at what level was the public voting in the latter part of the 19th century? END
START which party has always elevated minority floor leaders to speakership? END
START why were republicans upset with mann? END
START what year did republicans regain control while rober michel was minority leader? END
START what have republicans always elevated their minority floor leader to when obtaining majority status? END
START what pattern have democrats not always followed? END
START who did democrats elect to be speaker in 1903? END
START how many demcorats were angry with james r. mann in 1911? END
START who was frederick gillett a protege of? END
START what is the leadership structure when party controls house and presidency? END
START is the senate or the house more partisan? END
START what minority leaders have played prominenct roles to opposing incumbent president? END
START what minority leader has run for president? END
START what was gerald ford most interested in talking about when campaigning? END
START what office did nancy pelosi at one time consider running for? END
START what role does the incumbent president have when congress is dominated by more than one party? END
START why would the president be seen as leader of the opposition? END
START what influences role of minority leader? END
START obligations for minority leader are stated in what document? END
START how is the minority leader able to accomplish addition demands and tasks? END
START what are some things the style and role of the white house is influenced by? END
START what obligations are associated with the white house? END
START what kind of staff are provided to work at the white house? END
START what is the role of staff at the white house? END
START what are placed on the instutional role of the white house? END
START how many private calendar objector members does minority leader appoint? END
START what 2 commissions is the minority leader a member of? END
START who does minority leader have informal ties with for scheduling house matters? END
START how many institutional functions does the house office building commission have? END
START where can the house office building commission appoint individuals to? END
START how many members can the house office building commission name to serve as private calendar objectors? END
START what other group is overseen by the house office building commission? END
START what is the house office building commission able to convene? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what committee does minority leader chair? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what committee does minority leader head? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what campaign membership do they have? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what leadership members do they appoint? END
START what kind of responsibilities does the policy committee have? END
START who can the policy committee call the meetings of? END
START what committee does the policy committee oversee? END
START to what council does the policy committee name members to? END
START where can the policy committee nominate party members to? END
START who plays an influential role in the formation of party policy? END
START in what role are the floor leader's instrumental for legislation? END
START how are floor leaders kept informed of legislative status? END
START what does the whip organization play a role in forming in conjunction with party leaders? END
START what programs are resisted by the whip organization? END
START what does the whip organization devise and implement for the party? END
START what is the whip organization kept constantly informed about? END
START what committees does the whip organization oversee? END
START how much concern do minority leaders have for campaigning? END
START who establishes leadership pacs? END
START outside of washington how much involvement do minority leaders have in campaigns? END
START what kind of campaigner is the dccc? END
START who does the dccc campaign for? END
START how much does the dccc focus on campaigning? END
START what kind of candidates are recruited by the dccc? END
START why does the dccc establish leadership pac's? END
START does minority leader act solely to advance party objectives? END
START does minority leader always employ same strategy for party objectives? END
START does dissension and cohesion of majority party factor into minority strategy? END
START what did majority parties use to advance bills in the 1900's? END
START what is usually strongly holding the progressives together? END
START in what year did democrats have a majority? END
START what did progressives cohesion in 1900 provide for the majority party? END
START what works better for a majority leader than republicans being in disarray? END
START what is the purpose of obstruction? END
START how can obstruction be employed? END
START is it safe to employ negative strategy? END
START what may be a risk negative tactic? END
START who's attention is attracted when the public forms a negative campaign? END
START what does the majority party do that makes the public want to respond with a negative campaign? END
START what was gephardt dilatory accused of being a part of? END
START what is forming policy alternatives also considered to be by the press? END
START what is the public able to do on its own against policies that aren't popular? END
START what important aim of minority leader pertaining to elections? END
START how can a minority leader attempt to set some agenda for house? END
START how many signatures are required on a discharge pertition? END
START what non party affiliated voters are critical for party to attract in elections? END
START how many republicans are affiliated with the gop? END
START what agenda has been changed at least 218 times? END
START why do independents and swing voters usually register to vote? END
START where do independents and swing voters hope more votes will come from to their party? END
START what tactic can swing voters use to get minority priorities voted on? END
START how do minority leaders keep party priorities publicized? END
START what items are discussed at party retreats? END
START how do minority leaders gauge party preferences? END
START what can the public send for use at town meetings? END
START what does the public organize to talk about health care and education? END
START where does the public usually organize town meetings? END
START why would the public want to create surveys to gauge public party opinion? END
START what kind of teams are created by the public to make sure they discuss topics of interest at town meetings? END
START with whom does minority leader consult and participate in news conference? END
START what is the overall party strategy for minority leader? END
START what speaking obligations does minority leader have? END
START what are the purpose of minority leader writings? END
START what kind of news conferences are held by the white house? END
START who does the white house consult with? END
START what is one of the white house's main objectives? END
START what kind of front does the white house need to show on issues? END
START where does the president deliver addresses in diverse forums? END
START how often does minority leader speak with president when party controls white house? END
START what was robert michel's role as minority leader? END
START is the minority leader's strategic role always consitent? END
START when did gephardt serve as minority leader? END
START what did gephardt function as for republican presidents? END
START what group was gephardt successful in wooing that helped regan with many policy successes? END
START in what year did clinton have many policy successes? END
START what bill did robert michel help help gain support for when under president clinton in 1981? END
START what is the difference in role for minority leader when majority party holds white house? END
START what was gerald ford's role as minority leader under johnson administration? END
START what did ford's alternatives provide for republican's? END
START during what administration was gerald ford president? END
START what alternatives did lyndon johnson propose? END
START what did johnson want to provide for republicans as minority leader? END
START what does the president usually act as spokesperson for? END
START what role does the executive branch assume when the house is controlled by the republicans? END
START what options do minority party have in amendment phase? END
START if minority party loses committ of the whole, then what motion may be filed? END
START if recommit fails, then what choice needs to be made by minority representatives? END
START how many amendments are usually passed in the committee of the whole per year? END
START how many amendments usually come up for a vote each year? END
START what committee was created by johnson? END
START what did johnson usually lay out in a general debate for the republicans? END
START when the president loses in committee of the whole, then what can he file? END
START what is a good technique to foster party harmony? END
START what colleagues are best to work with to reach a consensus? END
START what does the creation of leadership positions allow for? END
START what public need motivates the president before he has daily meetings? END
START what group is the president responsible for the creation of when elected? END
START what positions did task forces want to lay out floor strategy for the creation of? END
START what did task forces for the public want to foster in the minority party? END
START what did colleagues with conflicing views lay out for task forces? END
START who is the chief vote counter for party? END
START who holds the highest appointed republican position in house? END
START who is the leader of chief deputy whips in democratic conference? END
START how long has democratic leader of whips held position? END
START what is the house republican conference responsible for being? END
START who is the current senior chief deputy whip in the republican conference? END
START who is the senior chief deputy whip the assistant to? END
START how many chief deputy whips are in the house republican conference? END
START since what year has republican patrick mchenry held his position? END
