START where does the information stored on the wayback machine come from? END
START which company made the wayback machine? END
START where is internet archive headquartered? END
START what individuals founded internet archive? END
START what is the term used by internet archive to describe the wayback machine? END
START where does the information stored on the internet archive come from? END
START which company made the world wide web? END
START where is bruce gillat headquartered? END
START what individuals founded the world wide web? END
START what is the term used by the world wide web to describe the wayback machine? END
START what operating system is used on wayback machine's servers? END
START when does wayback machine save a copy of a website? END
START what is the ultimate aim of the wayback machine? END
START what operating system is used on the internet's servers? END
START when does the internet save a copy of a website? END
START what is the ultimate aim of the visitors? END
START where can sites be captured by linux clusters? END
START what linux nodes are hoped to be captured? END
START what tv show served as inspiration for the wayback machine's name? END
START which characters on the rocky and bullwinkle show used a device that allowed them to travel through time? END
START what was the machine used by mr. peabody and sherman named? END
START what tv show served as inspiration for wabac's name? END
START which characters on the rocky and bullwinkle show used a device that allowed the to travel through wabac? END
START what was the machine used by rocky named? END
START what was used to alter events in a plot? END
START what was chosen as a droll reference to alter mr. peabody? END
START when was the program necessary to crawl and archive the web created? END
START what is a term used for programs that automatically visit websites and record the data they find? END
START what rule do crawlers abide by when determining which sites to record? END
START what site was created to mitigate issues with incomplete copies of websites? END
START when was the program necessary to include all information available on the interet created? END
START what is a term used for programs that automatically visit websites and record the board system they find? END
START what rule do web sites abide by when determining sites to record? END
START what site was created to mitigate issues with bruce gilliat? END
START when did brewster kate and bruce gilliat develop software to download crawlwers? END
START what medium was originally used to keep internet archive's data? END
START who were sometimes permitted to use the archive's database? END
START at what milestone was the archive made public? END
START where was the event launching the publicly-available archive held? END
START what medium was originally used to keep california's data? END
START who were sometimes permitted to attend the archive's public ceremony? END
START at what milestone was the archive made clunky? END
START where was the event launching the digital tape held? END
START who allowed researchers and scientists to tap into berkeley? END
START what are the saved versions of a site called? END
START what is the minimum amount of time that elapses before most snapshots are released for viewing? END
START what term characterizes the rate at which snapshots are made of websites? END
START what are the saved versions of an update called? END
START what is the minimum amount of time that elapses before most snapshots are released for recording? END
START what term characterizes the rate at which intervals of websites are made? END
START how many months can it take for intervals to become available? END
START how long are intervals between cases? END
START when did it become a requirement for websites to appear on open directory for inclusion in the archive? END
START who stated that sites not on open directory were still being saved but would not be released until the archive was reindexed? END
START when did kaplan make comments about the status of non-open directory sites? END
START when did it become a requirement for websites to appear on open directory for inclusion in kaplan? END
START who stated that sites not on open directory were still being saved but would not be released until the kaplan was reindexed? END
START when did kaplan make comments about the status of open directory sites? END
START why were sites listed on the internet archive after august 2008? END
START when did kaplan make comments about the open directory? END
START in 2009, what size did the data saved by wayback machine reach? END
START as of 2003, what was the rate of increase in the amount of data recorded by the wayback machine? END
START where does wayback machine keep its information stored? END
START who makes petabox rack systems? END
START in 2009, what size did the data saved by rate systems reach? END
START as of 2003, what was the rate of increase in the amount of data recorded by rate systems? END
START where does wayback machine keep its technologies stored? END
START who makes rate systems? END
START what is stored on petabox petabyte systems? END
START when did internet archive chance its platform for data storage? END
START which platform did internet archive adopt in 2009? END
START where does internet archive run a datacenter? END
START when did internet archive chance its platform for california? END
START which campus did internet archive adopt 2009? END
START where does internet archive run a sun storage center? END
START when did the internet archive leave california? END
START what state is home to the first data center? END
START when was an upgrade of the wayback machine released for testing? END
START when was an upgrade of the game released for testing? END
START what did the wayback machine keep the same? END
START what was closed for testing? END
START what used the same index of archived content? END
START when was the wayback machine retired? END
START when were details of the test version of the updated wayback machine released? END
START the older version of wayback machine did not have much new data past what year? END
START the newer version of the wayback machine included date up to and including what year? END
START when were details of the final version of the released? END
START past what year did the older version of wayback machine had  much new data? END
START in what year was the oldest version of the wayback machine? END
START when did the wayback forum talk about the predecessor to the wayback machine? END
START what only has a little bit of material past 2007? END
START what was the functionality called that gave users the ability to save a snapshot of a site? END
START when was save a page made available? END
START what was the functionality called that gave users the ability to save a url of a site? END
START when was a url available? END
START what became a threat of theft? END
START when did the company announce "save a binary"? END
START what did "save a company" host? END
START what 2009 court battle involved the wayback machine? END
START which company thought that wayback machine data was important for its argument? END
START what did chordiant request that the court deactivate on netbula's website? END
START what 2009 court battle involved netbula's robots? END
START which company thought that wayback machine data was important for robots? END
START what did the wayback machine request that the court deactivate on netbulas website? END
START what did the wayback machine believe would support its case? END
START who filed a motion to compel the wayback machine to disable the robots.txt file? END
START who did netbula believe was the entity that should be responsible for the availability of its snapshots? END
START which party did internet archive side with? END
START who did netbula believe was the entity that should be responsible for the availability of its expenses? END
START which party did netbula side with? END
START who objected to the motion on the ground that defendants were asking to alter chordiant's web site? END
START what would producing web pages have caused netbula? END
START who filed a sworn statement supporting netubla's motion? END
START which judge presided over the netbula v. chordiant case? END
START in what jurisdiction was the netbula v. chordiant case tried? END
START which party won its argument regarding netbula's robots.txt file? END
START which judge presided over the california v. chordiant case? END
START in what jurisdiction was the california v. chordiant case tried? END
START which party won its argument regarding california's robots.txt file? END
START who rejected california's arguments? END
START why was california allowed to disable the robots.txt blockage? END
START what does telewizja polska operate? END
START what is echostar's platform? END
START which judge denied telewizja polska's attempt to block the use of internet archive contents as evidence? END
START which judge overturned keys' ruling? END
START what does telewizja polska intend to offer? END
START what is romand guzmans platform? END
START which judge denied echostar's attempt to block the use of internet archive contents as evidence? END
START which judge overturned polska's ruling? END
START who rejected echostar's assertion of hearsay? END
START when are internet archive timestamps useful for patent offices? END
START what is an example of a condition that must be met for the internet archive data to be considered acceptable for submission to patent offices in the us and europe? END
START when are internet archive timestamps harmful for patent offices? END
START what is an example of a condition that must be met for the internet archive data to be considered acceptable for submission to patent offices on the web? END
START what are used to determine if a patent is available? END
START what will accept date stamps from the public? END
START what does the patent offices require before they accept applications for employment? END
START what kind of limitations exist in keeping copies of a website? END
START the omission of what element in screenshots can make them unreliable as evidence? END
START what elements of webpages are not used by wayback machine? END
START what kind of sites contain information that the wayback machine does not record? END
START what kind of limitations exist in keeping copies of the wayback machine? END
START the omission of what element in wayback machines can make them unreliable as evidence? END
START what elements of webpages are not used by site archives? END
START what kind of sites contain information that the screen shots do not record? END
START when is it possible for opposing parties to misuse e-commerce? END
START what kinds of laws could the wayback machine be viewed as breaking in europe? END
START what would the internet archive have to do if requested by someone whose content is available on wayback machine? END
START in what part of the website are wayback machine's rules regarding removing content? END
START what kinds of laws could the wayback machine be viewed as breaking in the faq? END
START what would the internet archive have to do if requested by someone whose content is available on robots.txt files? END
START in what part of europe are wayback machine's rules regarding removing content? END
START what may be found in the robots.txt files section of the site? END
START who can decide when pages are deleted from europe? END
START web pages that contained content critical of what religous movement were taken off of the internet archive in 2002? END
START who was mistakenly credited for having the sites with criticism of scientology removed from the internet archive? END
START who was the actual party that requested the critical sites be taken down? END
START web pages that contained content critical of what religious movement were taken off of the wayback machine in 2002? END
START who was mistakenly credited for having the sites with criticism of scientology removed from the wayback machine? END
START who was the actual party that requested the wayback machine to be taken down? END
START when did the church of scientology remove files? END
START who did not want the wayback machine removed? END
START which law firm leveraged wayback machine to protect their client in 2003? END
START which company filed suit against harding, earley, follmer & frailey's client? END
START who did healthcare advocates change their case to include as a defendant? END
START what laws did healthcare advocates accuse internet archive of having broken? END
START which law firm leveaged the computer fraud and abuse act to protect their client in 2003? END
START which company filed suit against harding early follmer & frailey? END
START who did healthcare advocates change their case to include as a plaintiff? END
START what laws did healthcare advocates accuse early follmer & frailey of having broken? END
START what should early follmer & frailey have removed? END
START what kind of protocol is the robots exclusion standard? END
START what file is utilized to exercise the rights promoted by the robots exclusion standard? END
START if a site prevents internet archive from recording it, what file is still saved? END
START what kind of protocol is the internet archive? END
START what file is utilized to exercise the rights promoted by the internet archive? END
START if a site prevents internet archive from recording it, what file is rendered unavailable? END
START what does the healthcare advocates respect? END
START who asserts that they will respond to direct contacts requesting material be removed from the archive? END
START who asserts that they will respond to direct contracts requesting material be removed from web sites? END
START what are owners not interested in? END
START what do web site owners do with requests? END
START how does the internet archives contact owners? END
START who is interested in preserving web sites of persons who do not want their materials in the collection? END
START who sued internet archive in 2005? END
START what was the url owned by suzanne shell? END
START in what jurisdiction were internet archive's counterclaims filed? END
START in what jurisdiction where counterclaims nullified by the court? END
START who sued internet archive in 2004? END
START what was the url owned by the internet archive? END
START in what jurisdiction was suzanne shell's counterclaims filed? END
START in what jurisdiction were claims nullified by the court? END
START when did suzanne shell file a declaratory judgment action? END
START when did suzanne shell's suit against internet archive come to an end? END
START who stated that they had no wish to violate individuals' copyrights? END
START who stated that they did not want to cause damage to the internet archive? END
START when did wayback machine's suit against internet archive come to an end? END
START who stated that they had no wish to violate the values of suzanne shell? END
START who stated that they did not want to cause damage to the wayback machine? END
START who regretted the inclusion of wayback mountain's web site? END
START who never intended to interfere with suzanne shell's goal? END
START what was the first method used by the actor in trying to get his images taken down? END
START what legal system did the actor use after filing dmca petitions? END
START what was the first method used by the actor in trying to get the dmca taken down? END
START what legal actions did the actor use after filing pornographic images? END
START when did a pornographic actor send multiple requests to dmca? END
START what was the dmca trying to remove? END
START when was the dmca trying to remove archived images? END
START what are some other names the dutch republic is known by? END
START the dutch republic was a republic of europe during what time? END
START what republics did the dutch republic come before? END
START what is also known as the republic of the seventeen united netherlands? END
START when did part of spain separate from the netherlands? END
START the batavian repulic preceded what other republic? END
START what was the kingdom of the netherlands later known as? END
START what year marked the beginning of the existence of the spanish republic? END
START what republics did the spanish kingdom come before? END
START what are some other names the batvian republic is known by? END
START during what period was the kingdom of holland a republic of europe? END
START name one name the batvian republic is also known as? END
START the low countries were made up of which present day countries? END
START which counties in the low countries were not ruled by the holy roman empire? END
START what countries were considered part of the low countries after the sixteenth century? END
START what were ruled by the roman empire? END
START which empire ruled the county of flanders? END
START what kingdom was a holy roman empire under? END
START what three countries were under the kingdom of france? END
START what did the low countries under the kingdom of france consist of? END
START what county was under the holy roman empire? END
START until what century was the county of flanders part of the low countries? END
START name one type of government the county of flanders had when under the rule of the holy roman empire? END
START the majority of the low countries were ruled by which houses? END
START who issued the pragmatic sanction? END
START in what year did the netherlands rise up against philip ii? END
START why did the people of the netherlands rise up against philip ii? END
START the low countries ruled most of what two houses? END
START what did charles v block in 1549? END
START what further fragment of the seventeen provinces? END
START when did philip ii conquer the netherlands? END
START what war ended with a revolt led by william i END
START when did the house of burgundy issue the pragmatic sanction? END
START what did modernizing the government structures do to the low countries status? END
START when did the house of burgundy revolt against philip ii? END
START name two reasons why the low countries turned against philip ii? END
START what event started after the revolt let by king philip ii of spain? END
START in what year was the union of utrecht signed? END
START who signed the union of utrecht? END
START what was the declaration of independence of the provinces from philip ii called? END
START in what year was the act of abjuration signed? END
START what was the purpose of the union of utrecht? END
START in what year did the provinces of the low countries sign the union of utrecht? END
START who promised to help each other attack the spanish army? END
START who declared their independence from philip ii in 1579? END
START who did the union of utrecht declare independence from? END
START who did the provinces promise to support with the act of abjuration? END
START in 1581 who signed the union of utrecht? END
START what was the name of the declaration of independence from the low countries? END
START what did low country provinces sign promising to support each other against philip ii? END
START during what year was the declaration of independence from the spanish signed? END
START who promised to support each other while defending against philip ii? END
START in what year did the united provinces invite francis, duke of anjou to lead them? END
START in what year did francis, duke of anjou leave the netherlands? END
START when was william of orange assassinated? END
START who agreed to turn the united provinces into a protectorate of england? END
START in what year did the united provinces become a confederacy? END
START in what year did the duke of anjou conquered the united provinces? END
START who talk antwerp in 1583? END
START what two rulers fought over the provinces after the assassination of william of orange? END
START what treaty gave england sovereignty over the united provinces? END
START in what year did the spanish empire stopped recognizing the republic of the seven united provinces? END
START when was the duke of anjou assassinated? END
START when did henry iii leave the netherlands? END
START when did the duke of anjou decline an offer of soverignty? END
START who was sent as governer-general to the spanish empire? END
START what did henry iii do with the united provinces  after william of orange was assassinated? END
START what events created the batavian republic? END
START the republican forces fled to which country? END
START the napoleonic kingdom of holland replaced which republic? END
START what republic began with a series of republican revolutions? END
START what did the batavian republic take part in from 1783 to 1795? END
START during what period did republican forces loose several major cities of the netherlands? END
START what republic replaced the napoleonic kingdom of holland? END
START who fled from france to the netherlands? END
START what happened that led to the creation of the french republic? END
START who came back to retake the batavian republic? END
START where did the prussian forces flee to? END
START what did the french republic become under the british? END
START what kingdom replaced the monarchist forces under napoleon? END
START in what year did the netherlands gain independence from france? END
START what names were used in the anglo-dutch treaty of 1814? END
START the kingdom of the netherlands was formed by which countries? END
START when did belgium regain independence from france? END
START what names were luxembourg known by in the anglo-dutch treaty of 1814? END
START what kingdom created a buffer state north of belgium? END
START what happened to the kingdom of the united netherlands after france became independent? END
START what did the southern provinces treaty accomplish for the netherlands? END
START the dutch republic dominated world trade during what time? END
START what was the wealthiest and most urbanized region in the world during the 17th century? END
START when did the country of holland dominate world trade? END
START what was the status of the dutch golden age compared to the world? END
START during the 17th century what did holland conquer? END
START what kind of fleet did holland have in the 17th century? END
START what trade fleet was the wealthiest and most urbanized? END
START when was the stock exchange founded in the netherlands? END
START which city in the netherlands has the oldest stock exchange? END
START the dutch east-india company inhabited how many cities? END
START which city did the dutch east-india company decide to reside in after a court decided they could legally only operate in one city? END
START when was the oldest stock exchange founded in england? END
START what court founded the stock exchange in the netherlands? END
START where did the spirit of the time evolve? END
START who adopted the modern trading principles that stimulated their economy? END
START how many cities did the low countries inhabit? END
START the dutch had one of the strongest and fastest navies in the world during what time? END
START the dutch operated a slave trade from which locations? END
START what was one of the conquests of the dutch navy? END
START from what location did the portugese operate a slave trade? END
START when did the portugese have a strong and fast navy? END
START what was broken by africa on the indian ocean and in the orient? END
START where was the dutch navy located? END
START during what time period did africa break portugese influence? END
START the dutch republic consisted of how many provinces? END
START who were the generality lands governed by? END
START the states general was made up of what? END
START in what order was the hague arranged? END
START what was a confederation of the federal government? END
START how many governments did the dutch republic consist of? END
START what was the feudal order made up of? END
START where was the federal government seated? END
START what was the 8th province of the dutch republic? END
START why was the county of drenthe denied representation by the states general? END
START the main executive official of the provincial states was called what? END
START who had more power during times of war than the raadspensionaris? END
START who commanded the army? END
START what was the state general exempt from? END
START what was the stateholder denied by its tax exemption? END
START what was each raadspensionaris governed by? END
START in wartime, what type of power did the county of drenthe have? END
START who commanded the representation in the states general? END
START who appointed the stadtholders? END
START who were always chosen as stadtholders of most of the provinces? END
START which states had the same stadtholder as holland? END
START what are two things that define the princes in theory? END
START who appointed the princes of orange? END
START who had the same princes as holland? END
START who was subordinate to zeeland and utrecht? END
START what were zeeland and utrecht always chosen as? END
START what group of people supported the stadtholders, particularly the princes of orange? END
START who wanted to replace the stadtholders with a republican structure? END
START what did the orangists want to replace in the power struggle? END
START what conflict was there between the stadtholders and the orangists? END
START what currently used system of governance did the republicans want to protect? END
START what did the stadtholders hope to replace the current system with? END
START what was the nature of the true republican structure? END
START several border territories were designated to the united provinces after what? END
START the border territories assigned to the united provinces were known as what? END
START what were the names of the border territories assigned to the united provinces? END
START in 1715 what was assigned to the united provinces? END
START what was the maastricht assigned to the united provinces known as? END
START what is one name of a staats-brabant assigned to the united provinces? END
START when were several border territories assigned to the staats-oppergelre? END
START what was federally-governed maastricht? END
START who was in control of the dutch east india company (voc) and the dutch west india company (wic)? END
START some shipping expeditions were mostly initiated by which provinces? END
START what companies were the shipping expedition in control of? END
START what group was in control of holland and zeeland? END
START what did the voc and wic initiate? END
START what were holland and zeeland in control of? END
START what endeavor was started by the voc and the wic? END
START who was influenced by the constitution of the republic of the united provinces? END
START who described the dutch confederacy as exhibiting "imbecility in the government; discord among the provinces; foreign influence and indignities; a precarious existence in peace, and peculiar calamities from war." END
START the american declaration of independence is similar to what? END
START who was influenced by the act of abjuration? END
START what shows the framers of the us constitution were influenced by the dutch confederacy? END
START what is one trait james madison mentions the united provinces show? END
START what is similar to the federalist no. 20? END
START what type of influence did peculiar calamities of war have on the framers of the us constitution? END
START what granted holland and zeeland the right to accept only one religion? END
START what did the union state that every person should be free to choose? END
START who was a strong supporter of freedom of religion and wanted to unite protestants and catholics in the new union? END
START what was forbidden in all provinces? END
START when was every other province only permitted to accept calvinism in practice? END
START how did william of orange hope to unite holland and zeeland? END
START what religious questions were forbidden under the union? END
START what did calvinism state that everyone should be free to choose? END
START what group became the strong supporter in the republic? END
START what did any person who wanted to hold public office need to conform to during the republic? END
START the degree to which different religions were persecuted depended on what? END
START what was the punishment for people who opened their homes to catholic services during 17th-century leiden? END
START what was one reason for the large amounts of immigration of religious refugees from other parts of europe? END
START what did religious refugees have to conform to when holding public office? END
START what were reformed church members considered as in the 17th century? END
START what could religious refugees be fined when opening their homes to services? END
START what factors led to immigration of religious refugees from leiden? END
START who did most services put the focus on in the beginning? END
START what was the main subject of controversy that arose within the reformed church during the beginning of the republic? END
START the controversy surrounding the subject of predestination is known as what? END
START what led to the banning of the remonstrant faith in 1618? END
START when was there controversy within the synod of dort? END
START where did controversy appear around banning of the remonstrat faith? END
START what group lead to the banning of the subject of predestination? END
START what did disagreement about the synod of dort become known as? END
START in 1618 how did the reformed church help solve the controversy? END
START when did the active persecution of religious services become more of a restricted tolerance? END
START religious services for other religions were tolerated as long as they adhered to what rule? END
START when did persecution of religious services take place secretly in private churches? END
START during what period did services move to a state of tolerance? END
START what changed from religious services to private churches? END
START what was actively persecuted when taking place in private churches? END
START where was active persecution taking place? END
START what language does the word "symbiosis" come from? END
START what type of organism did frank apply the term "symbiosis" to? END
START what nationality was heinrich anton de bary? END
START what nationality was albert bernhard frank? END
START when did heinrich anton de bary discover lichens? END
START when was the the word "symbiosis" discovered? END
START what year did heinrich anton de bary become a mycologist? END
START what year did albert bernhard frank agree to define "symbiosis" as "the living together of unlike organisms."? END
START how long did it take for scientists to stop using the narrow definition of symbiosis? END
START how long did it take for scientists to discover symbiosis? END
START how many scientists believe that symbiosis should only refer to persistent mutualisms? END
START what textbooks describe the parasitic relationships as the only way to define symbiosis? END
START what three words did de bary use to define symbiosis? END
START what is the type of symbiotic relationship where two organisms can't survive without each other? END
START what is the type of symbiotic relationship where the symbionts can live together but can also survive alone? END
START what is an example of an obligate relationship? END
START what is the type of symbiotic relationship where two organisms can survive without photosynthetic symbionts? END
START what organism demonstrates only the facultative symbiotic relationship? END
START what organism demonstrates only the obligate symbiotic relationship? END
START what is the type of symbiotic relationship where two organisms can survive without fungal symbionts? END
START what is the type of symbiotic relationship where many organisms must depend on photosynthetic symbionts? END
START what is an example of ectosymbiosis? END
START what is it called when the organisms are not physically joined? END
START what is it called when one symbiont lives within its partner? END
START what organism lives in a state of both ectosymbiosis and endosymbiosis? END
START what organism demonstrates disjunctive symbiosis? END
START what organism demonstrates conjunctive symbiosis? END
START what is it called when one symbiont lives within and has a bodily union with its partner? END
START what is it when an organism was once in a state of conjunctive symbiosis and is now no longer in union? END
START what do bacterial endosymbionts give necessary nutrition to? END
START what is the name of a bacteria inside of tree roots? END
START what endosymbionts live in coral?  END
START what percent of alder tree root nodules provide essential nutrients to insects? END
START what organism includes diverse microbiomes, rhizobia, nitrogen-fixing bacteria, and single-celled algae? END
START what percent of frankia bacteria provide essential nutrients to insects? END
START what are the bacterial endosymbionts that provide essential nutrients to about 10%–15% of insects called? END
START what percent of rhizobia and nitrogen-fixing bacteria live in alder tree root nodules? END
START what organisms are described as living on the surface of whales? END
START name a parasitic ectosymbiont. END
START what is another name for ectosymbiosis? END
START what mutualist ectosymbionts clean the barnacles that attach themselves to the jaw of baleen whales? END
START what ectoparasites are also considered commensal ectosymbionts and mutualist ectosymbionts? END
START what is the name of the animal in which barnacles join to the jaw and inner surface of the digestive tract? END
START what ectoparasites live on the body surface of cleaner fish? END
START what is another term for mutualism? END
START of what duration are symbiotic relationships? END
START what is a term for a relationship between individuals of the same species where both individuals benefit? END
START who restricts the definition of symbiosis to indicate both obligate and facultative concurrently? END
START what time span involving gradual biochemical contact can properly be considered symbiotic? END
START what must interspecies reciprocal altruism be considered to fit the the definition of symbiosis? END
START what mutualistic relationships fit the the definition of symbiosis? END
START what type of relationship do herbivores have with the bacteria in their intestines? END
START what do coral and algae produce together? END
START how do plants contribute to terrestrial ecosystems? END
START what type of fungus draws liquid and minerals out of the earth? END
START what do herbivores have to digest animal prey? END
START where do the mycorrhyzal fungi go to after extracting water and minerals from the ground? END
START where do the mycorrhyzal fungi go back to after extracting carbon from the air? END
START what organism has both cellulose-digesting protozoans and and mycorrhyzal fungi living in their intestines? END
START what kind of fungi do coral reef depend on? END
START what lives with ritteri sea anemones? END
START what prevents the clownfish from being stung? END
START what type of relationship do the clownfish and anemone have? END
START what kind of clownfish eat the ritteri sea anemones? END
START what kind of sea anemone has special mucus to protect the clownfish? END
START what organism do the clownfish use their stinging tentacles to protect? END
START what type of relationship do ritteri sea anemones have with anemone-eating fish? END
START what do ritteri sea anemones produce to evade predators? END
START what species does this shrimp have a relationship with? END
START what part of the fish is used to signal danger? END
START what organism digs a burrow in the sand then touches the goby fish with its tail? END
START what is the species of goby that both lives with a shrimp and cleans up ectoparasites on other fish? END
START what behavior does the goby exhibit when it does not live with the shrimp? END
START what behavior does the shrimp exhibit when it does not live with the goby? END
START when a goby fish goes blind what does it become vulnerable to? END
START what type of symbiosis seen between bryozoans and hermit crabs? END
START what species of crab has a helicospiral-tubular extension of its living chamber? END
START what species of crab develops a cirumrotatory growth? END
START what relationship is it considered when the bryozoans and hermit crabs do not live in a close relationship? END
START where is the cirumrotatory growth in the crab located? END
START when were the worms found? END
START what does the bacteria give the worm? END
START what land is near the worms' first known location? END
START from where do the host obtain the hydrogen sulfide or methane? END
START when were the galapagos islands discovered? END
START what is the relationship between the siboglinid tube worms and the hydrothermal vents? END
START when were the symbiotic bacteria discovered? END
START where does the symbiotic bacteria get nutrition from? END
START what is given to the host cell? END
START what does the host make that affect its genes? END
START in what manner are the described genetic alternations given to future generations? END
START from where does the endosymbiont gain nutrition? END
START who offers a location for the host cell to vertically transmit nutrition? END
START when the offspring passes the genetic changes via vertical transmission what does the host cell obtain? END
START when the the host favors the endosymbiont's growth process what takes place? END
START where can the specialized cells be found? END
START what is the main alteration in an endosymbiont when it adapts to a host? END
START what is the term that describes the way the endosymbiont can't go back to its original phenotype? END
START what does the article say could be the reason for the buildup of harmful mutations? END
START what takes place when the host's lifestyle reduces the endosymbiont's genome size? END
START what do the insects need for vertical transmission? END
START what happens when there is an increase in the effective population sizes for free living bacteria? END
START what happens when the dna/rna replications are retained? END
START what language do the roots of "commensal" come from? END
START what type of symbiotic relationship helps one organism and doesn't have a major affect on the other? END
START what type of symbiotic relationship happens when there is a major affect on the other organism? END
START what takes place when the organisms are neither significantly harmed or helped? END
START commensalism explains a relationship between how many organisms when one gains most of the benefits? END
START what word is derived from the medieval english word? END
START who is actually sharing a table? END
START what is the term for a relationship where one organism provides a dwelling for the other? END
START what type of relationship is it when arachnids attach webs to dead plants? END
START in what type of relationship does an organism travel by means of another? END
START where do the spiders build their webs on the hermit crabs? END
START what is the term for a relationship where one organism refuses to provide a dwelling for the other? END
START what occurs when the spider utilizes phoresy with the hermit crab? END
START what can commensal relationships between plants and hermit crabs be considered? END
START when one organism gives away something another created what is it called? END
START antagonistic or antipathetic symbiosis are alternate names for what? END
START what is it called when organisms are lethal to their host? END
START what is it called when parasites need their host to live? END
START what proportion of animals go through a parasitic stage? END
START name a biotrophic organism. END
START what is the relationship termed if both organisms benefit? END
START what relationship happens after a biotrophic relationship occurs from a tick feeding on the blood of its host? END
START when both organisms benefit in an antipathetic symbiosis it is known as a? END
START what is an extremely unsuccessful mode of life? END
START how many fungi have at least one parasitic phase in their life cycles? END
START what is the name for the kind of symbiosis in which one organism is seriously harmed and there is no affect on the other? END
START what kinds of amensalism are there? END
START when a large tree takes the resources a young tree needs, what type of amensalism is it? END
START what does the black walnut give out that kills plants? END
START what happens when a larger or stronger organism shares a resource with a smaller or weaker organism? END
START what happens when the sapling can take up rainwater and deplete some soil nutrients? END
START what happens when one organism is helped by another through a chemical secretion? END
START what secrets juglone, a substance which enhances many herbaceous plants within its root zone? END
START what are two types of antibiosis? END
START what organisms is the ibex in an amensalistic relationship with? END
START what does the spanish ibex eat? END
START what type of relationship is it when large animals crush small plants? END
START what happens if a weevil eats from an ibex? END
START what happens when the grass causes damage to an animal's hoof? END
START what ethnicity are the ibex and the weevils? END
START what is altered if the presence of ibex has little detrimental effect on the number of weevil? END
START what genus are the spanish ibex? END
START what type of relationship harms both organisms? END
START what is the ultimate result of synnecrosis? END
START how common is synnecrosis in the natural world? END
START why do bees sting even though it will kill them? END
START what happens if a bee does not protect the hive? END
START what is a common type of symbiosis in which the interaction between species is detrimental to both organisms involved? END
START what does the long enduring condition and the interaction eventually cause? END
START what always happens to the victims of the bee sting? END
START what happens if the bee does not die? END
START what far-reaching result do scientists think has come about from symbiosis with bacteria? END
START what are eukaryotes? END
START what do all organelles have that is their own? END
START what has received more attention than other interactions such as predation or competition? END
START what eukaryotes create various sorts of bacteria? END
START what always depends on the cell for the process of division? END
START what does margulis think is the main driver of evolution? END
START who agrees with margulis' cooperative view of evolution? END
START what is the biologist darwin famous for? END
START what is strongly based only upon uncooperative interaction and independence? END
START who was the last to utter this quote "life did not take over the globe by combat, but by networking."? END
START what is not considered a driving force behind evolution? END
START who currently disagrees with margulis' cooperative view of evolution? END
START how big a part did symbiosis have in the development of flowering plants and their pollinators? END
START what did some plants produce when flowers became less simple? END
START what is the word for the kind of relationship in which a plant depend on a single type of insect? END
START what gave rise to a select group of plants? END
START what flowering plants in the fossil record had relatively complex flowers? END
START what did bats develop to access and collect these rich food sources? END
START what did birds develop to access and collect these rich food sources? END
START what animals need to be modified in order to be correspondingly adapted? END
START what is the french name of the canadian armed forces? END
START what law constitutes the caf? END
START who are the caf supposed to protect? END
START what does cf stand for in this context? END
START what does cfa stand for? END
START what does the canadian armed forces act state? END
START what act names the leader of the les cnadiennes forces as her majesty? END
START what is the italian name of the canadian armed forces? END
START  what law constitutes the cef? END
START  who aren't the caf supposed to protect? END
START  what does cof stand for in this context? END
START how many sub components are there? END
START what act defines the caf? END
START what does rnc stand for? END
START what does racf stand for? END
START what four components make up the force reserve? END
START what is the canadian armed forces associated with under the national defence act? END
START how many non-sub components are there? END
START  what act does not define the caf? END
START who currently is the commander-in-chief of the canadian armed forces? END
START who represents queen elizabeth ii? END
START who leads the caf? END
START who advises the chief of the defence? END
START who is the chief commander of the canadian armed forces? END
START who is represented by the governor general of canada? END
START what is led by the defence staff chief? END
START who is the defence staff chief advised by? END
START who currently is the assistant-in-chief of the canadian armed forces? END
START who doesn't represent queen elizabeth ii? END
START  who leads the caef? END
START  who advises the chief of the offense? END
START what war were the caf involved in? END
START what was the goal of the caf during the cold war? END
START what military thread did the caf protect against in europe? END
START apprimately since what year was the caf stationed in europe? END
START what year did the caf leave europe? END
START what were based in europe in 1950? END
START where were canadian ground and air forces based in 1950? END
START what years did the cold war take place? END
START what war were the caaf involved in? END
START  what was the goal of the caf during the warm war? END
START  what military thread did the caf not protect against in europe? END
START  approximately since what year was the caf not stationed in europe? END
START what year did the caf join europe? END
START what treaty is the caf part of? END
START what type of operation is the canadian military involved in? END
START what country has the canadian military worked in the last years? END
START what year did the canadian military operation in afghanistan start? END
START where is the current focus of the canadian military set? END
START what does ntao stand for? END
START what year did the cold war end? END
START what country began war in 2002? END
START what treaty is the caf not part of? END
START  what type of operation is the canadian military uninvolved in? END
START  what country has the canadian military not worked in the last years? END
START what year did the canadian military operation in afghanistan end? END
START  where is the current focus of the canadian military not set? END
START what is canada's defense policy based on? END
START when was the canada first defence strategy introduced? END
START how many missions are carried out internally in canada? END
START what other location does the canada first defence strategy cover? END
START when was the first canada defence strategy introduced? END
START what is based on the first canada defence strategy? END
START how many global missions are canadians equipped to carry out? END
START what other priority do the canadian armed forces also contribute too? END
START what is an example of another activity that the caf performs? END
START what other air force does the caf cooperate with? END
START what is one of the activities the caf works on with other countries? END
START what diplomatic effort does the caf perform as part of it's duties? END
START what do the armed canadian forces contribute to? END
START how does the armed canadian forces contribute to the conduct of canadian defence diplomacy? END
START what is the cooperation system among the american air forces an example of? END
START what other priority do the canadian armed forces never contribute too? END
START  what is not an example of another activity that the caf performs? END
START  what other air force does the caf not cooperate with? END
START what is one of the activities the cff works on with other countries? END
START what diplomatic effort does the caf doesn't perform as part of it's duties? END
START what year was canada united in a confederation? END
START the forces of what countries did people serve before the unification? END
START what is one of the threats that faced them? END
START what american war threatened canada? END
START early on, what did they defend against with the british? END
START when was the confederation established? END
START what year did the american revolutionary war take place? END
START who aided in defence during the fenian rebellion? END
START who aided in defence during the red river raids? END
START when were canadian army units formed? END
START what year wasn't canada united in a confederation? END
START the forces of what countries didn't people serve before the unification? END
START  what is one of the threats that didn't faced them? END
START  what asian war threatened canada? END
START  early on, what didn't they defend against with the british? END
START who initially had military command? END
START where was the commander-in-chief stationed? END
START when did the british army and royal navy withdraw from halifax? END
START the canadian armed forces were initially organized under what department? END
START when did the unification complete of all the canadian forces to be called the canadian army? END
START what responsibility remained with a commander-in-chief for north america? END
START where was the british crown-in-council stationed? END
START what year was the royal canadian navy formed? END
START when were land forces referred to as the army of canada? END
START who initially didn't have military command? END
START  where was the secretary-in-chief stationed? END
START  when did the french army and royal navy withdraw from halifax? END
START the canadian armed forces were initially disorganized under what department? END
START  when did the unification complete of all the canadian forces to be called the french army? END
START when was the first overseas deployment of the canadian military? END
START under what command did they serve? END
START when were canadian troops called upon to assist in europe? END
START what other european war were the canadian forces involved in? END
START what asian war were the canadian forces involved in? END
START what force was first deployed overseas during the second world war? END
START who entered into conflict with the united kingdom during the first world war? END
START what wars did the canadian council-in-crown send its forces into? END
START when was the first overseas deployment of the french military? END
START  under what command did they not serve? END
START  when were canadian troops called upon to assist in asia? END
START  what other european war were the canadian forces not involved in? END
START  what asian war were the canadian forces never involved in? END
START how many operations has the canadian military been part of since 1947? END
START how many operations have been completed by the canadian military internationally? END
START what are some of the wars the canadian military was involved in? END
START what peace keeping effort is the canadian military part of? END
START what type of military vehicle was maintained almost 15 years but never saw any action during the cuban crisis? END
START what military units have completed more than 200 operations worldwide? END
START how many international operations have canadian military units participated in since 1947? END
START what have canadian military units done since 1974? END
START when did the cold war take place? END
START how many operations has the canadian military been part of since 1987? END
START how many operations have been completed by the canadian military nationally? END
START  what are some of the wars the french military was involved in? END
START  what non-peace keeping effort is the canadian military part of? END
START what type of military vehicle was maintained almost 40 years but never saw any action during the cuban crisis? END
START what famous world war ii battle was the canadian military part of? END
START what effort was the canadian military known for in germany? END
START what battle in france was the canadian military known for? END
START what country was the latest canadian military effort? END
START who are the battle of normandy landings and the vimy ridge raid notable to? END
START who are the battle of dieppe and the battle of medak pocket notable to? END
START what famous world war ii battle was the french military part of? END
START  what effort was the canadian military known for in france? END
START  what battle in france was the canadian military not known for? END
START  what country was the latest french military effort? END
START canada had which biggest army during the second world war? END
START what country fell providing with more information on canada's army size? END
START which other country had a sizable naval army? END
START when did canada possess the fifth-largest air force? END
START when did canada possess the fourth-largest naval surface fleet? END
START what was introduced at then end of the war? END
START how many conscripts made it into the naval surface fleet? END
START canada had which biggest army during the third world war? END
START what country fell providing with less information on canada's army size? END
START  which other country had a small naval army? END
START when did the canadian armed forced become to be? END
START what does the canadian armed forces mostly consist of? END
START what prevented canada from fully having their own army at the start? END
START when did canada gain independence from the united kingdom? END
START what war aided canadian legislative independence? END
START  when did the french armed forced become to be? END
START  what does the canadian armed forces not consist of? END
START what allowed canada to fully having their own army at the start? END
START when did canada lose independence from the united kingdom? END
START what is the old name of the canadian forces? END
START when did the canadian armed forces name cease to be? END
START when was the canadian armed forces name reintroduced? END
START what was the new name of the canadian armed forces? END
START what is the new name of the canadian forces? END
START  when did the french armed forces end? END
START  when was the french armed forces name reintroduced? END
START what was the new name of the french armed forces? END
START what forces were sent out in support of peacekeeping? END
START until when were canadian forces in afghanistan? END
START what force were the canadians part of in afghanistan? END
START who requested the aid of the canadians? END
START what type of operations were mainly done by canadian forces? END
START what forces were sent out out of rejection of peacekeeping? END
START  until when were canadian forces in iraq? END
START  what force were the canadians part of in iraq? END
START  who requested the aid of the french? END
START what is today's annual cost of the canadian forces? END
START how are the canadian forces ranked in size compared to other military? END
START what is the total force of the canadian forces? END
START by what date is the primary reserve personnel estimated to go up by 30,000? END
START what is the total amount of canadian forces estimated to be in 2020? END
START what is yesterday's annual cost of the canadian forces? END
START how are the french forces ranked in size compared to other military? END
START what is the total force of the french forces? END
START by what date is the secondary reserve personnel estimated to go up by 30,000? END
START what was the effort called to upgrade the canadian forces? END
START how were the canadian forces upgraded in 2008? END
START what major problem is the caf trying to address currently? END
START what was the effort called to downgrade the canadian forces? END
START  how were the canadian forces upgraded in 2018? END
START  what major problem is the caf not trying to address currently? END
START what equipment was acquired to aid in afghanistan? END
START what large transport plane is part of the caf mission? END
START what new type of helicopter was recently acquired? END
START when was the renewal and re-equipment effort started? END
START  what equipment was acquired to aid in iraq? END
START  what small transport plane is part of the caf mission? END
START  what new type of helicopter was not recently acquired? END
START  when was the renewal and re-equipment effort ended? END
START what roles were women recruited for in the 1950s? END
START what year did further recruitment for women open in the caf? END
START what non traditional tasks were women recruited for in the 1970s? END
START why were women eventually allowed to serve at sea in the caf? END
START what charter directly affected a women's right to serve in the caf? END
START  what roles were women recruited for in the 1980s? END
START  what year did further recruitment for men open in the caf? END
START  what non traditional tasks were women recruited for in the 1990s? END
START  why were men eventually allowed to serve at sea in the caf? END
START what charter directly affected a man's right to serve in the caf? END
START name some of the jobs in the caf off limits to women in the 1980s. END
START on what date was a study created to research the impart of women in direct involvement? END
START who created an office to study these effects? END
START what was the study called? END
START name some of the teaching opportunities in the caf off limits to women in the 1980s. END
START on what date was a study created to research the impart on men in direct involvement? END
START  who created an office to reject these effects? END
START  what was the school called? END
START what year were most military occupations opened to women? END
START what military occupation wasn't opened to women until the 2000s? END
START by how much did opening these jobs to women increase the recruiting pool by? END
START which government was responsible in canadian history for this fact? END
START what year were most military occupations opened to men? END
START hat military occupation wasn't opened to men until the 2000s? END
START  by how much did opening these jobs to men increase the recruiting pool by? END
START which government was responsible in french history for this fact? END
START what is a requirement for equipment for the caf? END
START what are some of the equipment used by both men and women? END
START what special entitlement are women provided as part of their service? END
START what is a requirement for equipment for the ce? END
START  what are some of the equipment used by neither men and women? END
START what special entitlement are men provided as part of their service? END
START what is the hierarchy of the canadian armed forces? END
START what is the hierarchy of the french armed forces? END
START what determines who is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces? END
START who does the commander-in-chief authorize to make decision regarding the armed forces for them? END
START what orders fall under the royal prerogative? END
START who must sign these orders for them to be valid? END
START who's advice is the monarch supposed to follow regarding these orders? END
START what determines who is the secretary-in-chief of the armed forces? END
START who does the secretary-in-chief authorize to make decision regarding the armed forces for them? END
START  what orders fall under the non-royal prerogative? END
START  who must sign these orders for them to be invalid? END
START the armed forces has approximately how many members? END
START who is the highest ranking member of the armed forces? END
START who appoints the chief of the defence? END
START what location does the national defense operate out of? END
START what are some of the members of the armed forces council? END
START the rallied forces has approximately how many members? END
START  who is the highest ranking member of the non-armed forces? END
START  who doesn't appoint the chief of the defence? END
START  what are some of the members of the non-armed forces council? END
START how many canadian forces bases are there in canada? END
START where do canadian forces members go for training? END
START what is the place called where initial training happens? END
START how many non-canadian forces bases are there in canada? END
START  where do non-canadian forces members go for training? END
START what is the place called where post-initial training happens? END
START how many warships does the royal canadian navy have? END
START where are the maritime forces atlantic located? END
START what formation is located in quebec? END
START what international exercises does the rcn partake in? END
START how many warships does the non-canadian navy have? END
START  where are the maritime forces pacific located? END
START  what formation is located in ottawa? END
START  what international exercises does the rnn partake in? END
START who heads the canadian army? END
START how many divisions are there in the canadian army? END
START what are the four divisions? END
START what division is the canadian army doctrine of? END
START the canadian army headquarters are located in what division? END
START  who heads the non-canadian army? END
START  how many divisions are there in the non-canadian army? END
START  what is the sixth division? END
START  the non-canadian army headquarters are located in what division? END
START how many brigades does the army consist of? END
START each brigade contains how many regiments? END
START what squadron is present but not an official part of the brigade? END
START what medical group is present at all brigades but not part of it? END
START how many brigades does the non-army consist of? END
START  each non-brigade contains how many regiments? END
START  what squadron is present but is an official part of the brigade? END
START what medical group is not present at all brigades but not part of it? END
START where is most of the major training performed? END
START  where is most of the minor training performed? END
START who heads the royal canadian air force? END
START where is the commander based out of? END
START how many air force wings are located across canada? END
START who reports to the operational commander about the wings? END
START  who heads the non-canadian air force? END
START where is the commander based out of? END
START  how many air force wings are located outside of canada? END
START  who reports to the operational secretary about the wings? END
START what are some locations of the air bases? END
START where are the command facilities located? END
START where is the canadian component of the nato located? END
START what nato force are the canadians part of? END
START what location is a canadian airforce base located whose name is also a dog breed? END
START  what are some locations of the navy bases? END
START  where are the non-command facilities located? END
START where is the non-canadian component of the nato located? END
START  what non-nato force are the canadians part of? END
START what location is a canadian navy base located whose name is also a dog breed? END
START what does jtfn stand for? END
START what it located through canada's northern regions? END
START what can each forwarding operation location provide? END
START what squadrons deploy to these locations? END
START what patrols are organized from these locations? END
START  what it located through non-canada's northern regions? END
START what can't each forwarding operation location provide? END
START  what squadrons won't deploy to these locations? END
START what patrols aren't organized from these locations? END
START when was the canadian joint operations command established? END
START what are the parts that merged into the canadian joint operations command? END
START what specifically prompted this merger? END
START  when was the non-canadian joint operations command established? END
START what are the parts that merged into the non-canadian joint operations command? END
START  what specifically didn't prompt this merger? END
START what does cansofcom stand for? END
START what is the cansofcom focussed on? END
START what do the special forces support? END
START where is the canadian joint incident response unit based? END
START how many special operations aviation squadron are based at petawawa? END
START what does cansofcorn stand for? END
START  what is the cansofcom not focused on? END
START  what don't the special forces support? END
START  where is the non-canadian joint incident response unit based? END
START how many special operations aviation squadron aren't based at petawawa? END
START what is the the information management group responsible for? END
START where is the information management group located? END
START what is the task of the caf cyber task force? END
START when was the directorate of cybernetics established? END
START who heads the directorate? END
START what is the the information management group not responsible for? END
START  where is the non-information management group located? END
START  what is the task of the non-cyber task force? END
START  when was the directorate of non-cybernetics established? END
START  who was fired from the directorate? END
START who does the health services group serve? END
START who can temporarily be assigned the health serviced group? END
START what type of support does the health services group provide? END
START who won't the health services group serve? END
START  who can't temporarily be assigned the health serviced group? END
START  what type of support does the health services group refuse? END
START when can the reserve force be called upon? END
START what troops does the reserve force consists of? END
START when can't the reserve force be called upon? END
START  what troops does the reserve force not consist of? END
START who commands the reserves? END
START what are some of the components of the reserve force? END
START who won't command the reserves? END
START  what are some of the components of the non-reserve force? END
START who conducts training of the cadets? END
START what age are the cadets in the canadian cadet movement? END
START what branch are the majority of coats members? END
START who is eligible to serve as a coats trainer? END
START who conducts formation of the cadets? END
START  what age are the cadets in the non-canadian cadet movement? END
START  what branch are the minority of coats members? END
START  who is not eligible to serve as a coats trainer? END
START what do canadian rangers perform? END
START where do the canadian rangers operate? END
START which force are the rangers part of? END
START what do the canadian rangers safekeep? END
START what do non-canadian rangers perform? END
START where do the non-canadian rangers operate? END
START  which force aren't the rangers part of? END
START  what genocide did the canadian rangers start? END
START what is suitable for caf members to wear on any occasion? END
START what other parts are there to a uniform? END
START what is now the daily uniform worn by members of the caf? END
START what can be worn in cold winter weather? END
START what is only worn for very specific occasions? END
START what is suitable for cad members to wear on any occasion? END
START  what other parts aren't there to a uniform? END
START  what is not the daily uniform worn by members of the caf? END
START  what can be worn in warm winter weather? END
START  what is only worn for very non-specific occasions? END
START what are some of the authorized head dresses for the caf? END
START are there specific rules for wearing head dresses? END
START what is the most popular head dress worn? END
START what headdress does the canadian army wear? END
START what are some of the unauthorized head dresses for the caf? END
START  are there specific rules for not wearing head dresses? END
START  what is the least popular head dress worn? END
START  what headdress does the non-canadian army wear? END
START what gives the federal government responsibility for national defense? END
START what year was an additional 12.5 billion canadian dollars assigned for over five years? END
START what gives the federal government responsibility for international defense? END
START what year was an additional 12.5 billion canadian dollars assigned for over 10 years? END
START what color is the deu uniform if it isn't green? END
START what are the "red" trades? END
START what does "due" stand for? END
START what is the fourth similar environmental uniform? END
START in 1059, who was responsible for electing the pope?  END
START what were the cardinals assigned?  END
START who did not have the right of electing the pope in 1059? END
START who held the right to appoint ecclesiastics from outside rome in 1059? END
START what were the cardinals not assigned? END
START where outside of rome were the ecclesiastics assigned? END
START at one time, priest permanently were assigned to a church were referred to as? END
START how early was this term used? END
START the church of england uses what term that is held by two senior members of the college of minor canons of st. pauls catherdral? END
START what latin word does "cardinal" come from? END
START which church still holds on to the original meaning of "cardinal" from the above latin word? END
START what does the latin cardo not mean? END
START what is the term applied to any priest temporarily assigned or incardinated to a church? END
START what term was applied as early as the eighth century to the priests of the tituli of the diocese of rome? END
START what term was used by the church of france that is held by two senior members of the college of minor canon of st. paul's catherdral? END
START which church maintains the original meaning of the greek word "cardo"? END
START who were the first people to be called cardinals in rome?  END
START when were the roman cardinals perceived as a privleged class among the roman clergy? END
START what year did the ruling "only a cardinal was eligible to become pope" come in effect? END
START who gave cardinals the right to elect the pope under the papal bull in nomine domini? END
START what was it that gave cardinals the right to elect the pope? END
START in what year did the pope allow cardinals to wear the red hats? END
START who was the pope who gave cardinals the right to wear the hats? END
START who were the first persons to be called cardinals at the beginning of the 7th century in rome? END
START what did the word cardinal begin to mean at the beginning of the 8th century? END
START when were the roman cardinals considered part of the peasant class? END
START in what year was the pope eligible to become a cardinal? END
START who rescinded the right of the whole body of cardinals to elect the pope in 1179? END
START what term was given to certain church men of honor? END
START when is the earliest date of using the term cardinal as honorable church men used? END
START when was the title of cardinal reserved for the cardinals of rome by pius v? END
START in regards to the word "cardinal" being used in cities other than rome, who sent a letter to pippin iii? END
START in what year was the letter sent? END
START which pope declared that cardinals would be from rome? END
START in what year did the pope make the declaration? END
START what term was applied to certain political leaders as a mark of honor? END
START what did pippin iii call priests of paris to distinguish them from county clergy? END
START what century did the term cardinal spread quickly throughout various muslim cities?  END
START in what year did pope zacharias reserve the title for the cardinals of rome?  END
START who had a special class among clergy known as priests in the 9th century? END
START in what year did pope pius iv wrote abou tthe selecting of cardinals?  END
START who was in charge of the ecumenical council of trent? END
START in what year did the ecumenical council of trent write in regards to the selection of cardinals? END
START who was the pope who headed the ecumencial council of trent in that year? END
START what year did the ecumenical council of trent headed by pope zacharius write about the importance of selecting good cardinals? END
START who led the ecumenical council of thames? END
START who did the historic council determine that the college of cardinals should select as cardinals? END
START what did our lord jesus christ not require according to the council of trent? END
START who would not be negligent or forgetful of their office? END
START who were generally temporal rulers? END
START who reasserted the earliest influence of temporal subjects? END
START who did the english kings appoint to influence politically significant movement? END
START what tradition in england, france, and portugal developed entitling certain political influencers to nominate their trusted subjects? END
START who did not reassert themselves through the influence of cardinals? END
START in what roles did cardinals have important roles? END
START what caridinal had powers so great that he basically ran france? END
START which cardinal acted a the leader of france due to his amount of power? END
START who is the only person to ever become a cardinal king? END
START what role did priests have in secular affairs? END
START who did not take powerful positions in government? END
START who acted as henry vi's chief minister? END
START which cardinal had power so great that he effectively ruled england? END
START what five great cardinals once ruled france? END
START pope sixtus v limited the number of cardinals to? END
START what did the composition of the cardinals consist of? END
START during who's term did the ruling exceed?  END
START pope paul vi increse the number of cardinal electors to?  END
START what is the maximum age for electors? END
START pope paul vi raised the cap on cardinal electors from 70 to what? END
START pope paul vi had no cap on what? END
START what was the limit of cardinals that pope pius implemented? END
START what did the composition of popes consist of? END
START who implemented the maximum age of 60 years for electors? END
START who gave a rank to patriarchs of the western catholic churches? END
START what can popes not dispense from? END
START where do the cardinals work? END
START what do cardinals do in order to influence governing or administration of goods, discipline, or service of their titular churches?  END
START which moroccan cities do cardinals get assigned to their titular church? END
START what duties are nuns allowed to perform? END
START who does not offer monetary support to their titular churches? END
START what do many nuns do for their titular churches? END
START who receives the hishopric of ostia? END
START what other title does the dean of collge of cardinals receive upon appointment? END
START who receives the titular bisphoric of tok hangari? END
START what other title does the dean of the college of priests receive upon appointment? END
START what do nuns retain if they are governing a particular church? END
START what is other title does the president of the college of cardinals receive? END
START in was year was the title decreed eminence? END
START who decreed this? END
START what rank did the eminece decree assigned? END
START who held more power then the cardinal? END
START which pope decided that being pope was equal to being a prince? END
START what year did pope pious ii decree their title to be eminence? END
START what did was the title of the pope before 1630? END
START who decreed that their secular rank would equate to king? END
START who held less power then the cardinal? END
START the archdiocese of milwaukee says that the correct way to address a cardinal in english is?  END
START what is the proper way to address a cardinal according to the archdiocese of milwaukee? END
START how do cardinals sign traditionally? END
START how do oriental patriarchs sign? END
START why do oriental patriarchs sign this way? END
START what is not the correct way to address a cardinal according to the archdiocese of milwaukee? END
START how do cardinals sign that is not in accordance with tradition? END
START what style is generally not followed on the websites of the holy see and episcopal conferences? END
START how do english patriarchs typically sign? END
START who does not belong to the french clergy? END
START what way is used to announce the election of a new pope in latin? END
START what should the new pople have been before becoming a pope? END
START when was the most recent election of a non-cardinal? END
START when is the last time a non cardinal was elected as pope? END
START what way is used in the proclamation of the election of a new nun in latin? END
START what should a new pope not have been before becoming a pope? END
START how should a new pope not be addresses by the cardinal protodeacon? END
START when was the last election of a cardinal? END
START do any sees carry the right to the cardinalate? END
START despite some traditions and rights, no see has the right to what? END
START which see carries a right to the cardinalate? END
START which bishop carries an actual right to the cardinalate? END
START who is not sometimes entitled to at least one cardinal by concordate? END
START who are not regularly made cardinals? END
START who are among the most senior members of the catholic church? END
START what is a cardinal bishop? END
START some cardinals are bishop in name only, what are they called? END
START who is among the most junior prelates of the catholic church? END
START what is a cardinal of the benedictine order? END
START what are most cardinals not known as in modern times? END
START what does the term "cardinal bishop" not refer to? END
START in early times, who was generally electied to cardinal? END
START why did the ceromony of consecrating a bishop have to be preformed by someone who was already a bishop? END
START what is the rule if the peson elected is not a bishop?  END
START what happens if a pope is elected who is not a bishop? END
START what was reserved for the cardinals in early times? END
START who was generally not elected to cardinal in early times? END
START what is the rule if the person elected is a bishop? END
START what happens if a nun is elected who is not a bishop? END
START how many suburbicarian sees? END
START when were the two sees combined?  END
START who separated them? END
START what are the seven sees? END
START what are the name of the eight suburbicarian sees? END
START which two sees were united from 1250 to 1944? END
START what did pope pius ii do to velletri and ostia in 1914? END
START how did pope pius x maintain only four cardinal bishops? END
START what suburbicarian would the president of the college of cardinal keep in addition to that velletri? END
START cardinal bishops do not have any powers of governnace over the suburibicarian see since when? END
START which see doesn't have its own bishop? END
START who is in charge of ostia?  END
START in what year was it decided that cardinal bishops had no power over the seven sees? END
START what see is the one exception to this rule? END
START who has power over the exception? END
START what type of relationship did the pope have with suburbicarian sees? END
START who had powers of governance over suburbicarian sees? END
START in what year did cardinal bishops have the powers of governance over suburbicarian sees? END
START who is the bishop of ostia? END
START which does each see not have with the exception of ostia? END
START the entire group of cardinals is known as what? END
START who is a junior ecclesiastical leader in the holy roman church? END
START what are the cardinals of the church not collectively known as? END
START what duties do cardinals not perform? END
START what is a priest's primary duty? END
START who does not oversee the day-to-day governance during the sede vacante? END
START who is the only person who can judge a cardinal in regards to laws of the church? END
START what does the privilege of democracy guarantee cardinals and popes? END
START who is forbidden to judge cardinals in matters subject to ecclesiastical jurisdiction?  END
START what does the pope either decide or delegates the decision to the the college of cardinals? END
START what are cardinals not subject to like everybody else? END
START what does the pope give to a new cardinal? END
START who decides on the design of the item given to new cardinals? END
START what does the pope give to each retiring cardinal? END
START what does the silver ring symbolize? END
START what is traditionally kissed by athiests when greeting a cardinal? END
START what includes the cardinal's coat of arms? END
START what image did pope john paul ii depict on the outside of the ring? END
START what is the name of the hat that the pope used to wear when naming a new cardinal? END
START in what year did the practice of donning this item stop? END
START what does the pope now wear when naming a new cardinal? END
START what was the name of the hat bestowed upon a pope upon his naming? END
START what custom was discontinued in 1959? END
START what do cardinals not have the right to display in their cathedral? END
START what would happen to a pope's gelero when he dies? END
START what is officially part of a cardinals apparel? END
START which cardinals still wear traditional clothing? END
START what do western catholic cardinals continue to wear? END
START what do western catholic cardinals sometimes line? END
START what color are western style cassocks made entirely of? END
START what traditional dress do eastern catholic deacons continue to wear? END
START what does the color red symbolize in the clothing worn by cardinals? END
START which item of clothing worn by cardinals is always white? END
START the cardinal bird was named as such because of what in relation to cardinals of the church? END
START when did cardinals stop wearing purple or blue capes? END
START what color is worn by popes when in choir dress? END
START what does the blood like red not symbolize for a cardinal? END
START what was customary for cardinals to wear until the 1700's? END
START what is not distinctive about the biretta of a cardinal? END
START what color ferrailo does a pope occasionally wear? END
START what happens if a cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies? END
START what does the pope do if conditions do not change? END
START what happens if a cardinal is named in pectore and the president dies? END
START whose identity is not revealed if the pope dies? END
START who ranks secondary to those raised in the cardinalate at the time of his appointment? END
START which pope began using creati et reservati in pectore? END
START how were many cardinals created during the eastern schism>? END
START what was published during the reign of pope martin v? END
START what did pope pious v begin using? END
START what position was not being contended during the western schism? END
START what was a "lay cardinal" allowed to do that is not considered a normal status of a cardinal? END
START in what year did pope benedict xv revise the code of canon law? END
START what did the code of canon law state in regards to cardinals? END
START what was a lay cardinal not allowed to do that is not considered a normal status of a cardinal? END
START who was among the first lay cardinal? END
START what year did pope benedict x revise the code of canon law? END
START who may not be appointed cardinals according the revision of code of cannon law? END
START a cardinal who does not hold the title of "bishop" may not do what? END
START cardinals who were not bishops have been promoted to cardinal around the age of 80 since what year? END
START what is a cardinal who is a bishop entitles to wear and use? END
START what six items make up the episcopal regalia? END
START what may a cardinal who does not hold the title of "bishop" do? END
START what year were cardinals were were bishops have been promoted to cardinal around the age of 80? END
START in what year did the practice of allowing non priests to become cardinals stop? END
START in what year was it declared that cardinals had to be bishops? END
START what was possible for someone to become who was not a priest, but only in major orders? END
START who was enrolled only in the order of cardinal laymen? END
START what year did pope john xx set the norm that all cardinals be ordained as bishops? END
START what canon does not require that a cardinal be at least in the order of priesthood at his appointment? END
START what year did the practice of allowing nuns to become cardinals stop? END
START in the time between electing new popes, what is the duty of the cardinal? END
START what four entities make up the apostolic camera? END
START who has functions that are not limited to a period of sede vacante of the papacy? END
START who does nor collate information about the financial situation of all dependent administrations of the holy see? END
START who does not have the responsibility of presenting results to the college of cardinals? END
START who announces the election of a new pope? END
START where does this person announce the election of the new pope? END
START who was the first pope who chose not to be crowned? END
START who does not have the privilege of announcing a new pope's election? END
START what is the junior cardinal deacon in order of appointment to the college of cardinals also known as? END
START who announced pope john paul i coronation in 1976? END
START what cardinal protodeacon's privilege was continued after the election of pope john paul i? END
START what position does renato raffaele martinez currently hold? END
START what color is the hat? END
START how are cardinal deacons recognized at masses? END
START how are cardinal deacons recognized at ecumenical meetings? END
START how are cardinal deacons recognized at quarterly urbi et orbi papal blessings? END
START what do nuns wear in addition to the simple white mitre? END
START how many cardinal deacons were there in 2005? END
START how many years before a cardinal deacon can choose the order of the cardinal priests? END
START how many churches are recognized as cardinalatial deaconries in 2000? END
START how many cardinals were there in the order of popes? END
START what have cardinal deacons not had the right to do? END
START who may not take a vacant title? END
START who may opt for the order of cardinal priests after they have been deacons for 30 years? END
START in 1939, how many cardinals were italian? END
START in 1994, how many cardinals were italian? END
START where are priests that are elevated to the diaconal order mainly officials of? END
START how many cardinals were french in 1939? END
START how many cardinals were french in 1994? END
START how many cardinals were members of the curia in 1929? END
START what year did pope sixtus i fix the maximum size of the college of cardinals? END
START what is the name of one of the deaconries in which cardinals come from? END
START where do cardinal deacons not originally derive from? END
START who is originally from the six deacons in the papal household? END
START who does not supervise the church's works in the districts of rome? END
START who did not provide all social services in rome during the early middle ages? END
START who is not given title to one of these seven deacons? END
START which cardinals are ranked lowest? END
START what title is given to the highest ranking cardinals? END
START what position do cardinal deacons not hold? END
START what do bishops become that are without diocesan responsibilities? END
START what are cardinals who are not elevated to the diaconal order? END
START who can become the cardinal protopriest? END
START who is the cardinal protopriest at this time? END
START what title is given to the newest member of the order of cardinal priests? END
START what position does paulo evaristo arns of columbia currently hold? END
START whose ceremonial duties in the conclave continued after the age of 80? END
START who was accepted into the conclave after the age of 80? END
START in the college of cardinals, the elected dean needs the approval of who? END
START who does not need the approval of the pope? END
START what is the dean of the college of humanities also known as? END
START who does not act as the primus inter pares of the college of cardinals? END
START who approves the appointment of the cardinal-dean by the pope?  END
START what position belonged by right to the shortest-serving of the cardinal bishops? END
START patriarch cardinals are not given what title? END
START what did pope paul vi decree in 1965 about the patriarchs of the western catholic churches? END
START who ranked after the seven cardinal bishops of the suburbicarian sees?  END
START what title did patriarch cardinals receive? END
START how many western patriarchs are currently cardinal bishops? END
START who can elect the dean or become dean? END
START who are the lowest ranking cardinals in the catholic church? END
START who are the highest ranking cardinals in the catholic church? END
START which rank has the most cardinals? END
START who are the highest ranking priests in the catholic church? END
START who are the most numerous of the four orders of cardinals in the catholic church? END
START who is the lowest ranking priest in the catholic church? END
START what are those named cardinal popes today generally bishops of? END
START what position do some popes currently hold? END
START what was the original definition of a cardinal priest? END
START what name was interpreted as meaning a cardinal who is of the order of popes? END
START what does the name "cardinal popes" originally refer to? END
START what is the name of the important nuns that are chosen by the pope to advice him? END
START who holds the title cardinal of rome? END
START what term did not gradually become exclusive to rome to indicate those entrusted with electing the pope? END
START each cardinal priest has what? END
START what does every cardinal priest not have? END
START what has not been expanded beyond the roman pastoral clergy and roman curia? END
START what did pope paul v abolish? END
START what is not still posted in the church after pope paul vi abolished all administrative rights? END
START what are cardinals not expected to do? END
START in what year did pope sixtus v put a cap on the number of cardinals in the college of cardinals? END
START what was the maximum number allowed per pope sixtus v? END
START who removed the cap on cardinals in the college of the cardinals? END
START who had a large number from the times of the roman empire to the renaissance? END
START what happened to the college of the cardinals in the 3rd century? END
START who sought to cap the number of the college at 50? END
START who upheld the cap on cardinals in the college of the cardinals? END
START what were long-serving cardinal priests entitled to do ending in the mid-fifteenth century? END
START what are cardinal deacons of eight years standing still entitled to become? END
START who has not been advanced to cardinal bishop exclusively by papal appointment? END
START how have cardinals been advance to cardinal priests? END
START who filled vacancies that arose among the cardinal priests? END
START which cardinal is known by all the catholic church? END
START what does the cardinal named pectore know? END
START what can a cardinal in pectore continue to function as? END
START what is done to cardinals that does not protect them or their congregations? END
START what is another term meaning iranian languages? END
START what are the iranic languages a subgroup of? END
START what are indo-iranian languages a subset of? END
START when did the change from old iranian to middle iranian occur? END
START what is an example of a sassanid language? END
START what stage of iranian languages from 400 bce to 900 ce includes old persian? END
START what stage of iranian language was in use until 400 bce and included parthian and bactrian? END
START when did the change from old iranian to new iranian occur? END
START where are the old iranian languages parthian and bactrian from? END
START how many different iranian languages exist? END
START in what year were there hundred and 50 to 200 iranian languages END
START what are some of the largest among the 200 iranian languages? END
START what were their 86 million of in 2008 END
START iranian languages are all said to be derived from which predecessor? END
START from what languages does the word aryao come? END
START what is any language that descends from ancestral persian? END
START what word is derived from sanskrit and arya? END
START arya is derived from what ancestral language? END
START when was the phrase iranian language family first used? END
START who first used the term iranian language? END
START who first used the term irano-aryan? END
START when was the phrase irano-aryan first used? END
START when did robert needham cust introduced the term iranian? END
START what term did christian lassen using 1878? END
START what did george abraham grierson and christian lassen contrast? END
START what scholars have revived the term irano-aryan END
START from where did iranian languages originate? END
START what part of the world is it theorized that indo-iranian languages came from? END
START what society is a strong contender for the common culture speaking indo-iranian? END
START when did the andronovo culture exist? END
START what other language did most iranian languages descend from? END
START what other language besides nuristani this proto-iranian descent from? END
START what language does proto-indo iranian descent from? END
START what languages are believed to have originated in central india? END
START what language family did thracian and balto-slavic belong to? END
START what indo-european groups belong to the satem language family? END
START what language family originated in the mountains of russia? END
START where did early iranian people establish societies? END
START what language came sometime after the breakup of proto-iranian? END
START what language broke up after the second millennium bce? END
START when did the middle iranian language begin to break off? END
START what characteristic of middle iranian civilization is shown by the number of different languages and their speakers? END
START how many of the middlie iranian tongues have remained in existence since ancient time? END
START what characteristic of middle iranian civilization is shown by the limited number of languages and speakers? END
START how many middle iranian languages are still spoken today? END
START what languages were spoken by a limited number of people? END
START in which historical record does old persian appear in exemplary form? END
START when was the behistun inscription written? END
START during what century was the change from old to middle persian well underway? END
START what dialect was spoken in northwestern iran END
START what official purpose was middle persian being used for in the fourth century bc? END
START what inscription was composed in the 4th century bc. END
START in which document composed in 520 bc was old persian grammatically incorrect? END
START during what century was the change from old to middle persian just beginning? END
START what ancient religious document exists in two versions and includes old iranian language? END
START what is the contemporary name of the religion which avesta was part of? END
START what language shows a level of maturity corresponding to old avestan? END
START what language shows the same level of development as younger avestan? END
START what dialect is the avesta language from? END
START how many dialects of the avesta language or there? END
START what religion is vohu daena the contemporary name for? END
START why did old persian retained its old characteristics long after the old iranian languages END
START what language shows the same level of development as old avestan END
START what language is carduchi thought to have become? END
START what language did herodotus invent a name for? END
START what language to kurdish become? END
START what cannot be inferred from the impact on a neighboring language? END
START what kind of substrate is middle iranian? END
START who reported vocabulary for old persian? END
START what are the two main divisions of iranian tongues? END
START which language is associated with the western branch of iranian? END
START which language is associated with the eastern branch of iranian? END
START what languages are grouped into northern and southern branches? END
START what language is associated with the western branch of old persian? END
START what language is associated with the eastern branch of avestan? END
START what were the centers of imperial power in persia? END
START what elements of proto-indo-iranian did not diverge according to the ensuing split between eastern and western variants? END
START what type of letters are *ć and *dź? END
START what iranian dialects did not follow the western and eastern blocks? END
START what type of valves are c and dz? END
START what languages share a similar situation? END
START what other elements of early iranian languages problematize the east-west division? END
START what is the linguistic categorization of *ćw and *dźw? END
START what is contrary to the state of affairs in the nuristani languages? END
START what other elements of early iranian language support the east-west division? END
START what may have also been in use at the time? END
START precursors of what subset of scythian are theorized to have existed? END
START what possible predecessor of pathian is thought to have existed? END
START what was not in use at the time? END
START what is the ancestor of old iranian? END
START c parallel the development of what other two letters? END
START scythian was the ancestor of what other languages? END
START when did the age of middle iranian come to a close? END
START what are the two main divisions of middle iranian? END
START what era began in the ninth century? END
START what language was divided into a northern and southern division? END
START bactrian, sogdian, and saka are examples of what type of iranian language? END
START which language bears a resemblance to the diversity of eastern iranian languages? END
START where did the the alphabets used by eastern languages come from? END
START what did the bactrian language use for writing? END
START what family includes party on an old persian? END
START what family includes bactrain, sogdian and old iranian? END
START where did the alphabet used by western languages come from? END
START what script was used for persian rating? END
START what is another term for middle persian? END
START when did middle persian start being u sed? END
START what are three languages employed by the manichaeans? END
START what was the writing of manichaean documents similar to? END
START underwood dynasty was old persian the official language? END
START what language was in use in iran before the third century? END
START what are three spoken languages use by the manchaeans? END
START latin and chinese writing were similar to what texts? END
START the proliferation of which religion had a profound effect on the development of iranian languages? END
START what language displaced middle iranian as the court's official tongue? END
START what was the first dynasty to use dari? END
START when did the saffarid dynasty begin using dari? END
START what area was the name dari connected to by medieval iranian thinkers? END
START what religion slowed the spread of the iranian language? END
START what language do middle iranian displace is the court's official language? END
START what was the last dynasty to use dari END
START who stopped using dari in 875 ce? END
START what was the official dialect of the royalty itself? END
START what was the new form of writing introduced by the spread of islam? END
START when did usage of middle persian script fall off? END
START what script was converted to latin in the 1920s? END
START when was tajik script converted to cyrillic? END
START who catalyzed the conversion of tajik script into cyrillic? END
START the spread of what religion introduce the persian script? END
START when did the use of middle persian script begin? END
START when was arabic script converted to latin? END
START what's began the conversion of arabic script to cyrillic? END
START what is another term for western iran? END
START what are two languages that were forced out by the spread of arabic? END
START by what century had the area inhabited by sarmatians been absorbed by pre-slavic people? END
START where can the remnants of yaghnobi be found? END
START ossetic is a version of which scythian language? END
START what language writing to some parts of eastern iran? END
START what two languages grew alongside arabic? END
START by what century had the area inhabited by pre-slavic people been absorbed by the sarmations? END
START what small area still speaks sogdian? END
START what is used a main source of light for a building during the day? END
START what kind of effects can natural illumination have on a persons psychological? END
START using natural illumination instead of artificial light sources help with what? END
START lamps and light fixtures are a form of what? END
START the use of light to achieve an aesthetic effect is know as? END
START what can be used a main source of light for a building during the day? END
START lamps and light fixtures  are a form of what? END
START what kind of effects can proper lighting have on a persons psychologically? END
START what does using natural illumination instead of artificial lighting help with? END
START what is the used to achieve a practical effect? END
START what type of fixtures do you use for indoor lighting? END
START what is considered a key part of interior design? END
START what can be a intrinsic component of landscaping? END
START what type of fixtures are used typically used for indoor lighting? END
START what can be used as a intrinsic component of landscape projects? END
START when was fluorescent lighting first available? END
START what type of lighting can be mounted in the ceiling to appear flush? END
START peking man kindled fire as early as? END
START which type of oily animals where also used as lamps after being threaded with wick? END
START what is considered the earliest form of artificial lighting? END
START the hollow worked stones lamps found in lascaux caves date back how far? END
START what type of lighting was powered by electricity? END
START when did gas powered street lights became economically available. END
START street lights help reduce? END
START what can come in a wide variety of styles for various functions? END
START functioning as holder a light fixture can provide directed light and avoid? END
START luminous efficacy is measure in what unit? END
START how many kelvins is daylight measured at? END
START what has a color temperature around 2800 to 3000 kelvin? END
START it can be said that lights with a high color temperature have more energy in what color spectrum? END
START a lamp with more energy in the yellow and red spectrum are known to be? END
START a light is classified by intended purpose, what mainly changes its classification? END
START who invented track lighting? END
START what feeds all the fixtures in low voltage tracks instead of each light having a line-to-low voltage transformer. END
START what  type of lighting uses lights that are hung or clipped to bare metal cables? END
START how many volts does a track lighting system usually use? END
START what is a uplight used for ambient lighting? END
START what is one type of fixture commonly found in offices? END
START magnifier lamps are considered what type of lighting?  END
START when would neon lighting be considered general lighting? END
START what uses diffuser panels below fluorescent lights? END
START normally neon lighting is considered what type of lighting? END
START what do steps in move theater aisles have for safety markings? END
START what are the low wattage lamps being replaced with in movie theaters? END
START what kind of tube are the movie theaters lights enclosed in? END
START what is used to light walkways at night? END
START what kind of lights are being designed for energy efficiency? END
START what kind of light is used to illuminate outdoor playing fields at night? END
START extremely bright lights used to deter crime are called? END
START what type of light would be used illuminate the entrance to a property? END
START what color are tail lights? END
START what color are headlamps on a vehicle? END
START when did automakers start using electroluminescent technology to backlight gauges? END
START what color are reversing indicator lamps? END
START what indicates that a driver is intending to change position? END
START what is the removable and replaceable part of a light fixture? END
START what does a light bulb convert into electromagnetic radiation? END
START huge much light does a 13 w compact fluorescent lamp produce equivalent to a incandescent light bulb. END
START how many lemuns does a 15 watt fluorescent lamp produce? END
START what is designing as it applies to built environments? END
START would you consider aesthetic elements alone in architectural lighting design? END
START what is the name of the software sometimes used to help calculate lighting needs in a built environment? END
START hand-calculations are based off of what type of data? END
START what type of factor calculation can be used to find out how much daylight is received in a internal space. END
START what type of paint tends to absorb light? END
START what kind of paint makes a room a room look larger and brighter? END
START what type of study is used to simulate lighting designs? END
START what is prepared prior to the performance for the lighting operator? END
START motion pictures employee the similar lighting techniques as which other form of lighting? END
START what is the basic si unit of measurement? END
START what is the si unit for lumiance? END
START what is the cgs unit of lumiance? END
START what is the amount of useful light emitted from a luminous flux measured in?  END
START what is a standardized model of human visual brightness? END
START what is the si unit of illuminace and luminous emittance? END
START what does ugr stand for? END
START what does cct stand for? END
START what does cri stand for? END
START what metric indicates a lights ability to make object appear natural? END
START what metric indicates "warmth" or "coolness"? END
START what does gai stand for? END
START the relative separating of object colors illuminated by a light source is known as? END
START would a lower gai mean higher apparent saturation or vividness of object colors? END
START what is typically used to measure light? END
START what measures the amount of light entering the eye? END
START a daysimeter what type of personal meter? END
START how many days can the daysimeter gather for analysis? END
START what type of light stimulates the circadian system? END
START what is a basic concept of deciding how much illumination is required for a given task?  END
START what can help reduce energy and usage cost by providing light only when or where it is needed?  END
START what type of standard do newer control systems use?  END
START what is the name of one type of control system used?  END
START does a wireless mesh open standard make installation harder? END
START what sensor controls light with motion sensors?  END
START what does a passive infrared sensor react to?  END
START what type of sensor transmits sound above the range of human hearing? END
START would you want to use passive infrared sensor in a area requiring 360-degree coverage? END
START what is the oldest method of interior lighting?  END
START daylighting has been proven to have negative effects on people? END
START what is a form of solid state lighting? END
START what is the best way to control light emissions of leds? END
START what can cause health effects such headache frequency? END
START maximizing the right amount of light at the appropriate time for elderly may help systems of what?  END
START the human circadian system is entrained to how many hours light-dark pattern? END
START what happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted? END
START who documented 23 surgical patients assigned rooms looking out on a natural scene? END
START did the patients with natural scenes have longer postoperative hospital stays? END
START did patients that have natural scenes require more potent analgesics? END
START what university was alision jing xu the assistant professor of management at? END
START what univerity was aparna labroo associated with? END
START what devised a method where kerosene could be distilled from petroleum? END
START what year was it discovered that petroleum could be distilled into kerosene?  END
START what method of lighting have been used since 1820s? END
START what does cfl stand for? END
START are all cfls suitable for dimming? END
START how much more power does a standard incandescent bulb use compared to led? END
START what is the average lifetime of a cfl? END
START how much power does a halogen lamp save compared to a standard blub? END
START what is known as artificial light that is excessive or intrusive? END
START what causes sharp shadows around buildings?  END
START in a battlefield does not have natural light what could you use instead?  END
START the use of what may disclose your own hidden position on a battlefield?  END
START modern warfare has seen the increased use of what?  END
START what can be used by military for targeting? END
START what has eliminated the need for flares on a battlefield? END
START what does the cie stand for? END
START what does the iesna stand for?  END
START who else publishes along with iesna?  END
START what defines photo metric data? END
START what does iald stand for? END
START what does plda stand for? END
START what was the plda formerly known as? END
START who offers the lighting certification examination?  END
START what does ncqlp stand for? END
START which abbreviation can you append to your name after becoming lighting certified? END
START what other national examinations are available? END
START what does plasa stand for?  END
START where is plasa based? END
START how many individuals does plasa represent? END
START what does rohs stand for? END
START which political practice did montesquieu originate? END
START how many divisions of the government did montesquieu call for? END
START what document was greatly informed by the idea of separation of powers? END
START what kind of oversight does the separation of powers help to promote? END
START what was the doctrine called that allowed the three branches of government to check the powers of each other? END
START what originates in the writings of the legislative powers? END
START who urged for a government with four individual branches? END
START in which doctrine did the us call for three separate branches of government? END
START which philosophy was a great influence on the legislative branch of government? END
START which document was greatly influenced by the idea of a constitutional government? END
START which enlightenment thinker supported the idea of separation of powers? END
START which enlightenment thinker was against the separation of powers? END
START who was a leading advocate of dividing government into different branches? END
START whose thoughts were impacted by montesquieu's philosophy? END
START who was an advocate of separation of powers? END
START who was an opponent of separation of powers? END
START who's writing were very influential on the design of the united states constitution?   END
START during which age did thomas hobbes advocate the principle in his writing? END
START during which age did john locke oppose the principle in his writing? END
START who was at the forefront of the opposition towards separating the branches of government? END
START who's writings had no influence on the framers of the us constitution? END
START what country's government, on which the us government was modeled, did not formally implement separation of powers? END
START what were the two main principles informing the government of the uk? END
START what term describes the status of the different branches of government in maryland, virginia, north carolina and georgia? END
START what country's government served as a model for the united states government? END
START in the 18th century what function, besides president, did the delaware president serve?  END
START which political structure served as a model for the united kingdom government? END
START what body consisted of the house of lords and the house of majesty;s government? END
START what were the chancellor's ministers mos often members of? END
START in which state was the governor a member of the court of appeals? END
START in which states did members of the lord chancellor's council and judges serve at the same time? END
START what is the only branch of u.s. government imbued with lawmaking abilities? END
START which court case upheld the rule of nondelegation? END
START when was clinton v. city of new york decided by the supreme court? END
START in the us who has the sole power to pass legislation? END
START what is the doctrine called that does not allow congress to pass on their power to pass laws to any other agency? END
START what was the court case that struck down the line item veto? END
START what year was clinton v. city of new york decided by the supreme court? END
START who has shared legislative power in the united states? END
START which doctrine says congress can delegate its powers to whoever it wants? END
START in which year was the court case clinton v. supreme court held? END
START who may delegate lawmaking responsibilities to other agencies as it pleases? END
START in which country does congress have shared lawmaking responsibilities? END
START what was one of the first times the supreme court tried a case regarding nondelegation? END
START in what year was wayman v. southard tried by the u.s. supreme court? END
START who was chief justice of the supreme court when wayman v. southard reached the supreme court? END
START in wayman v. southard, what branch was accused of being given lawmaking abilities by congress? END
START what is the name of the 1825 case where the supreme court held that congress could delegate their responsibilities to the court? END
START who was chief justice of the supreme court under the wayman v. southard ruling? END
START where has the supreme court been known to be more stringent towards congress? END
START what is one of the most recent races regarding limits of non delegation? END
START when did the supreme court hear john marshall v southard? END
START which case was heard by congress in regards to non delegation limits? END
START when was the us congress court wayman v. southard heard? END
START when was the first time that a congressional attempt at delegating lawmaking responsibility was found to be in violation of the constitution? END
START the establishment of what body was the subject of a.l.a. schechter poultry corp. v. united states? END
START in what year was a.l.a. schechter v. united states tried before the supreme court? END
START in what year did the supreme court determine that delegating powers by congress was unconstitutional? END
START what was the supreme court case that was determined that congress could not allow the president to determine fair competition? END
START what gave congress less latitude in delegating powers? END
START during which decade did the supreme court hold a delegation of authority as constitutional? END
START when did congress make the decision that a delegation of authority is unconstitutional? END
START in which case was congress able to authorize the president to formulate codes? END
START during which year did congress authorize the presidential formulation of fair competition codes? END
START which branches of the national military does the u.s. president command? END
START whose approval is required for the president's appointees to take office? END
START what is a congressional means of removing presidential appointees? END
START what term can characterize the status of bodies like the war claims commission and the interstate commerce commission? END
START which of the three branches has the duty of commander and chief? END
START who has the authority to make treaties? END
START what is it called when congress terminates an appointment of the president? END
START who has over-sight of the federal trade commission? END
START in whom is congressional power vested? END
START what does the vice president become commander in chief of? END
START by the words it uses, what does the constitution require the president to do regarding laws? END
START laws are made by the president and approved by which body? END
START who may the president restrict through impeachment? END
START to what does congress attempt to limit executive officials? END
START what court case affirmed the mandates of the first and seventh sections of article i of the constitution? END
START when was ins v chadha tried before the supreme court? END
START by what margin can congress over ride a presidential veto? END
START who often writes laws to restrain congress to the performance of their duties? END
START in which case did congress decide that all powers would be vested in the supreme court consisting of a senate and house of representatives? END
START  congress decide that all powers would be vested in the supreme court consisting of a which two bodies? END
START in what year did congress decide that all powers would be vested in the supreme court consisting of a senate and house of representatives? END
START who must be presented with every bill passed by the president? END
START in what branch is the ability to try legal cases placed? END
START who nominates justices for the u.s. supreme court? END
START who must approve presidential appointees to the supreme court? END
START what is the term for judicial institutions exercising their power? END
START what is the power given to the supreme court and lower courts called? END
START who appoints a judge? END
START who gives the president advice and consent for a judge appointment? END
START which type of power is vested in congress? END
START who must be appointed by supreme court judges? END
START what are courts exercising presidential power referred to? END
START who appoints judges to the presidency? END
START what type of power gives the power to decided controversies to the president? END
START what kind of courts did congress establish? END
START what power are legislative courts not allowed to exercise? END
START which type of courts are established by hoboken land & improvement co.? END
START which form do legislative courts take? END
START which power of the united states may legislative courts exercise? END
START which questions are legislative courts not able to adjudicate? END
START which type of courts do legislative courts create in the form of judicial agencies? END
START who can determine a date of adjournment if congress cannot agree? END
START who can call congress into emergency session? END
START who serves as president of the senate? END
START how does congress exercise a check over the president? END
START who has the ability to override any veto made by congress? END
START which veto is the only one congress is able to override with a two thirds majority? END
START who settles the dispute when the president and vice president cannot come to an agreement for a date of adjournment? END
START who serves as president of the senate and is the only member with voting rights? END
START who has the power to issue a pardon? END
START who has the power to issue a reprieve?  END
START who appoints the president with the approval of judges? END
START who appoints the senate with the approval of judges? END
START who appoints judges with the president's approval? END
START the president does not have the power to issue pardons or what else? END
START other than reprieves, what is the senate able to issue? END
START who is the commander and chief of the army? END
START who has the power to declare ware? END
START who has the responsibility to confirm generals and admirals? END
START who is the commander in chief of congress? END
START who is the commander in chief of laws and regulations? END
START who lacks power to command the miliary take action during crises? END
START who lacks authority to make laws to govern the armed forces? END
START who is the only body with authority to declare majority vote? END
START who is responsible for judicial review? END
START what is the court case that established judicial review? END
START through which type of review does the constitution check the executive and legislative branches? END
START in which case did the constitution establish a precedent for judicial review? END
START through which type of review does the president check the executive and legislative branches? END
START in which case did the supreme court establish a precedent for federalist papers? END
START what abolished the principle that a court could strike down unconstitutional laws? END
START which courts decisions are binding across the entire united states? END
START which court is the only one able to determine constitutionality? END
START which power are inferior courts unable to exercise? END
START which courts' decisions, other than supreme court, are binding across the country? END
START which is the only court unable to determine constitutionality? END
START who can limit judicial review of a law? END
START who's judicial power does congress have the right to limit? END
START who lacks the ability to review the constitutionality of laws? END
START who lacks the power to set the jurisdiction of courts? END
START the supreme court has power to set jurisdiction of what? END
START who has the ability to determine whether a supreme court is constitutional or not? END
START the only constitutional limit on the supreme court's power to set jurisdiction relates to which body? END
START who presides over an impeachment trial? END
START where does the chief justice preside during a senate impeachment trial? END
START which rules grant much authority to the presiding officer? END
START who has an unlimited role in this regard? END
START where does the president preside during the chief justice impeachment trial? END
START which rules do not grant authority to the president? END
START who wrote that the legislative branch was the predominate branch of government? END
START in which federalist paper did james madison state that the legislative branch of government was predominate? END
START who wrote in the constitution that legislative authority is predominate? END
START where did the constitution write that it's not possible to give each department equal power? END
START who wrote that it was possible to give equal power of self defense to each department? END
START which document explicitly indicates pre-eminence of the judicial branch of government? END
START which document explicitly indicates pre-eminence of the executive branch of government? END
START immediately following the civil war which branch of government was seen to have the greater amount of power? END
START between who and the senate has dominance of one branch of government been a struggle? END
START after which war did republicans hold a minority in congress? END
START after which war did democrats hold a majority in congress? END
START which act was passed to make congress subordinate to the president? END
START the tenure of office act says congress is subordinate to who? END
START how many bills did george washington veto? END
START how many bills did james monroe veto? END
START how many bills did andrew jackson veto END
START who was the seventh president of the united states? END
START which president vetoed six bills? END
START who was the last president to use veto as a political weapon? END
START how many bills did andrew jackson veto to make him the least likely president to veto a bill? END
START who stated "andrew jackson has made his decision. now let him enforce it!"? END
START who defied the supreme court by enforcing supreme court removal? END
START how many of andrew johnson's veto's were over turned by congress END
START what act did congress pass that gave the senate the right to approve the dismissal of a cabinet official? END
START after which war did congress begin using power to counterbalance the president? END
START who vetoed several bills passed by the radical democrats? END
START how many of johnson's fifteen vetoes did congress override? END
START how many of congress' 29 vetoes did johnson override? END
START through which act did jackson attempt to curb presidential power? END
START who was the first president to veto over 400 bills? END
START under which president was the tenure of office act repealed?  END
START what did cleveland's impeachment do to the presidency? END
START who's impeachment was perceived as having helped the presidency? END
START which body of government because subordinate to the presidency? END
START after grover cleveland, who was the first democratic president? END
START who was the first republican president after johnson? END
START which president attempted to pack the supreme court? END
START who had granted franklin roosevelt sweeping authority during the great depression? END
START which presidents have tried to decrease the power of the presidential office? END
START who claimed the president was not permitted to do whatever wasn't allowed by law? END
START who failed to have considerable power during the great depression? END
START who had considerable power during the great recession? END
START who introduced a plan to decrease the number of supreme court seats for the president to fill? END
START under what basis did richard nixon assert an expansion of the power of the president? END
START who used the supreme court as a basis for expansion of power? END
START who claimed that executive privilege did not shield him from legislative oversight? END
START which president refused to spend money that was appropriated by the supreme court? END
START into which tapes was there an ongoing civil investigation? END
START which president followed congress' plan for appropriated government programs? END
START what term is used when one branch of government must get approval from at least one other branch of government? END
START what does combination of powers mean? END
START what does not apply to the judicial branch? END
START what does not apply to any branch of government? END
START branches are free to act in which way on all issues? END
START the judicial branch of government is the only one to which what is applied? END
START who has congress delegated the responsibility of establishing the rules of conduct for the courts to?  END
START the regulation of congress is an example of what? END
START while supreme court holds these powers, who does it delegate them to? END
START in practice, what is delegated to congress? END
START what is congress unable to withdraw? END
START who may license and regulate attorneys in florida? END
START who sets the procedures to be followed in the florida court system? END
START in which supreme court is an example of the third view at the state level? END
START where is an example of the second view at the national level found? END
START which court is the only one able to set rules for procedures in state courts? END
START which court is the only one able to regulate attorneys appearing before the supreme court? END
START which court is the only one able to license attorneys appearing before new hampshire supreme court? END
START which branch may be historically claimed to be the strongest of the branches of government? END
START which power of the judiciary is explicitly granted in the constitution? END
START how many times prior to dred scott v. sandford had the supreme court exercised its power to strike down congressional acts? END
START how many times before world war i has the supreme court exercised its power to strike down congressional acts? END
START before the civil war, the marbury had exercised its power to strike down what type of acts only twice? END
START what do many political scientists think is a factor in an unlimited degree in american exceptionalism? END
START who claimed that separation of powers deteriorated the unique political structure in the us? END
START what do many political scientists attribute the large number of active interest groups in the us to? END
START what does john w. kingdon attribute the small number of interest groups in the us to? END
START who attributes the small number of active interest groups to the separation of powers? END
START what is the latin word for architecture? END
START in what language does the word "architecture" have its origins? END
START what two words is "architecture" a combination of? END
START architecture involves the creation of what? END
START aside from symbolizing cultures, what else are architectural works thought of as? END
START what can extant architectural works be used to identify? END
START what is the french word for architecture? END
START  what is the italian word for architecture? END
START  what do you call the destruction of buildings? END
START what structures never be viewed as both works of art and symbols of certain cultures? END
START civilizations from the past will never be identified by what surviving structures? END
START what is the oldest architecture plans that has survived? END
START who created the oldest surviving architecture plans? END
START when did vitruvius create these plans? END
START what are the three principles every plan should consider? END
START what is the first known extant writing about architecture called? END
START who was the author of  de architectura? END
START what was vitruvius' profession? END
START what were vitruvius' three principles for a well made building? END
START what is the commonly seen english translation of the three principles? END
START what is the youngest architecture plans that has survived? END
START who created the most recent surviving architecture plans? END
START what was written in the 2nd century ad? END
START  what was vitruvius' fourth principles for a well made building? END
START  what is the commonly seen french translation of the three principles? END
START when were the styles of arts created? END
START who wrote lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors, and architects? END
START by the 18th century which languages was vasaris book translated in? END
START in vitruvius's mind, whose responsibility was it to see the principles carried out? END
START who wrote de re aedificatoria? END
START what did leon battista alberti consider most important for beauty? END
START what ideal proportion did alberti promote? END
START in what century did "style" as an artistic concept arise? END
START what was created in the 17th century?  END
START who wrote lives of the least excellent painters, sculptors, and architects? END
START by the 16th century which languages was vasaris book translated in? END
START in vitruvius's mind, whose responsibility was it to see the principles rejected? END
START  who wrote re re aedificatoria? END
START who wrote the book contrasts? END
START what year was contrasts written in? END
START what was the name of pugin's book? END
START in what year was contrasts written? END
START what world did pugin dislike? END
START what type of architecture did pugin consider truly christian? END
START what book was written in the 18th century?  END
START who wrote contrasts in the 17th century? END
START when did augustus welby northmore pugin paint the artwork called contrasts? END
START  what world did pugin like? END
START  what type of architecture did pugin consider truly non-christian? END
START who wrote seven lamps of architecture? END
START who was the author of seven lamps of architecture? END
START what was ruskin's career?  END
START when was  seven lamps of architecture published? END
START what, according to ruskin, should looking at architecture contribute to its viewer? END
START  who wrote eight lamps of architecture? END
START when did john ruskin write the seven lamps of architecture? END
START what book came out in the 18th century? END
START what subject did john ruskin teach in college? END
START who said "art which never disposes and adorns the edifices" END
START does ruskin believe all buildings are works of architecture? END
START what was most significant in architecture according to ruskin? END
START to be true architecture in ruskin's opinion what should be done to a structure? END
START what features at minimum did ruskin insist on for a building to be considered functional? END
START who believes all buildings are works of architecture? END
START  what was least significant in architecture according to ruskin? END
START to be true architecture in ruskin's opinion what should never be done to a structure? END
START what features at maximum did ruskin insist on for a building to be considered functional? END
START what century was the architect le corbusier in? END
START who wrote on the topic of architectural ideals contrasted with simple construction?  END
START what was le corbusier 's profession? END
START when did le corbusier live and write? END
START what part of him did le corbusier say proper architecture touched? END
START what state of emotion did le corbusier say architecture put him in? END
START what century was the architect le corbusier born? END
START who disagreed on the topic of architectural ideals contrasted with simple construction? END
START what job did le corbusier quit? END
START who said "you don't employ stone, wood, and concrete" END
START who said "i am happy and i say: this is beautiful. that is not architecture" END
START what term replaced vitruvius' term "utility"? END
START in addition to being practically useful what other aspects did a building need in order to be considered functional? END
START whose concept of utility did the more modern concept of function replace? END
START what aspects of a building were considered part of the larger concept of function? END
START what were the reactions to the idea that function should come before other concerns? END
START what term replaced vitruvius' term "nonutility"? END
START what was the term "criteria" replaced by?  END
START whose concept of utility did the more modern concept of function not replace? END
START what aspects of a building were considered part of the smaller concept of function? END
START what were the reactions to the idea that function should never come before other concerns? END
START what are some philosophies that modern architects use? END
START rationalism and empiricism are examples of what? END
START aside from the architects what did the philosophies influence? END
START which philosophy followed structuralism? END
START what are some philosophies that ancient architects use? END
START  rationalism and empiricism are not examples of what? END
START  which philosophy came before structuralism? END
START  aside from the architects what did the rationalism influence? END
START when was the conecept, sustainable architecture used? END
START what novel concept was introduced at the end of the 20th century? END
START to what should a building be friendly? END
START what sort of power sources should a building not overuse if the building is to be considered environmentally friendly? END
START when was the conecept, unsustainable architecture used? END
START what novel concept was introduced at the end of the 19th century? END
START to what should a building be not friendly? END
START what sort of power sources should a building always overuse if the building is to be considered environmentally friendly? END
START what dynamic needs were the reason for building to be done? END
START oral traditions allowed what to become formalized in human cultures? END
START what was building considered? END
START what was the most valued type of building craft called? END
START aside from skills, what is required in order to have the means for building? END
START  what dynamic needs were the reason for building to be demolished? END
START oral traditions disallowed what to become formalized in human cultures? END
START  what was building never considered? END
START  what was the least valued type of building craft called? END
START aside from skills, what is not required in order to have the means for building? END
START what type of buildings are are built mostly through out the world? END
START why did the economy begin to expand? END
START through what process is it thought that the first architectural achievements were made? END
START what is a popular type of architecture that still exists around the planet? END
START in what environment were many of the first human settlements? END
START what sort of an effect did a growing economy have on human settlements? END
START at what speed did urban settlements sometimes expand? END
START what type of buildings are not built mostly through out the world? END
START  why did the economy stop expanding? END
START through what process is it thought that the first architectural achievements were not made? END
START what is a popular type of architecture that doesn't exist around the planet? END
START  in what environment were many of the latest human settlements? END
START what civilizations used the divine and supernatural in their architecture? END
START what are two examples of past civilizations? END
START to what did these civilizations have ties that to were shown off by their architecture? END
START what does architectural monumentality often represent? END
START what civilizations didn't use the divine and supernatural in their architecture? END
START  what are three examples of past civilizations? END
START to what did these civilizations have ties that to weren't shown off by their architecture? END
START  what does architectural monumentality never represent? END
START name one asian architectural writer. END
START what country produced the kao gong ji? END
START when was the kao gong ji written? END
START what architectural writing came from sri lanka? END
START india produced which early architectural text? END
START who wrote late asian writings? END
START  what country rejected the kao gong ji? END
START what was written in 4th century bce? END
START  what religious writing came from sri lanka? END
START  india produced which modern architectural text? END
START what religion led to architectural changes in many asian countries? END
START which cultures architecture showed a lot of diversity? END
START when did hindu temple architecture begin being produced? END
START what does hindu temple architecture try to express? END
START what is the source of the concepts in hindu temple architecture? END
START what type of architectural is especially known for its regional differences END
START what kind of religious theology affected landscape related architecture in asia? END
START  what religion led to architectural changes in many english countries? END
START  which cultures architecture showed a lot of similarities? END
START  when did muslim temple architecture begin being produced? END
START  what does hindu temple architecture try to hide? END
START what type of architectural is especially known for its non-regional differences END
START what cultures architecture inspired islamic architecture to use pointed arch's? END
START when was islamic architecture first seen? END
START in addition to forms from the ancient middle east, what other place's forms had an effect on islamic architecture? END
START what other parts of the society's needs did architecture fill? END
START what kind of arch design from islamic architecture affected european architects? END
START what type of buildings were took the most effort to build? END
START what were the most important buildings of the time? END
START what two groups spread knowledge of architecture in europe? END
START what style is gothic? END
START what is another pan-european style? END
START when did the clerics and tradesmen start spreading architectural information? END
START  what type of buildings were took the least effort to build? END
START  what were the least important buildings of the time? END
START  what three groups spread knowledge of architecture in europe? END
START  what style is pre-gothic? END
START  what is another pre-european style? END
START when was renaissance humanism developed? END
START when did the classical learning revival begin? END
START what continent did this revival take place on? END
START what was the name for the time period? END
START what did renaissance humanism emphasize? END
START what three vocations were not really considered separate from each other at that time? END
START what was developed before 1400? END
START  when did the classical learning revival ed? END
START  what state did this revival take place in? END
START  what was the name for the time period before this? END
START  what didn't renaissance humanism emphasize? END
START what sort of considerations does architectural design take into account?  END
START in architecture what aspects are planned and designed? END
START aside from planning and design what other types of aspects does architecture involve? END
START what sort of considerations does architectural design never take into account? END
START  in architecture what aspects are never planned and designed? END
START aside from planning and design what other types of aspects does architecture never involve? END
START who said that architecture was able extend beyond function? END
START in what way did nunzia rondanini believe architecture moved past mere functionality? END
START what could, in rondanini's opinion, architecture "stimulate and influence"? END
START what shouldn't architecture be assumed to promote, according to rondanini? END
START what does architecture share with other sciences? END
START who said that architecture wasn't able extend beyond function? END
START in what way did nunzia rondanini not believe architecture moved past mere functionality? END
START what couldn't, in rondanini's opinion, architecture "stimulate and influence"? END
START what should architecture be assumed to promote, according to rondanini? END
START  how does architecture differ from other sciences? END
START what is a reactionary thing to limit formalism's meaning to? END
START what sort of quest lacks purpose? END
START what ends up being reduced in quality by this quest? END
START what is a reactionary thing to expand formalism's meaning to? END
START  what sort of quest defines purpose? END
START  what ends up being maximized in quality by this quest? END
START from what ideals did classical architecture emerge? END
START these civic ideas allowed what to come into being? END
START what ideals were greek and roman classical architecture not based on? END
START what owes its development to the classical orders? END
START  from what ideals did classical architecture not come from? END
START  these civic ideas allowed what to not come into being? END
START what ideals were greek and roman classical architecture based on? END
START  what doesn't owe its development to the classical orders? END
START when were architectural writings first made? END
START aside from general advice what did the texts contain? END
START what is another term for specific formal prescriptions? END
START when did vitruvius write his canons? END
START what is a significant early architectural canonical type? END
START  when were architectural writings last made? END
START  aside from general advice what did the texts not contain? END
START  what is another term for specific informal prescriptions? END
START who wrote canons in 2nd century bce? END
START  what is an insignificant early architectural canonical type? END
START what organizations were created by medieval craftsmen? END
START what records of the guilds are still in existence? END
START what was the main thing the contracts were had to do with? END
START what is another term for master mason? END
START what organizations were not created by medieval craftsmen? END
START  what records of the guilds are no longer in existence? END
START  what was the least important thing the contracts were had to do with? END
START  what is another term for trainer mason? END
START what aspects of buildings did science and engineering have an effect on? END
START who still could handle the structural calculations for designing at that time? END
START what aspects of buildings did engineering not have an effect on? END
START what aspects of buildings did science not have an effect on? END
START who still couldn't handle the structural calculations for designing at that time? END
START what two fields began to grow apart? END
START what did architects often neglect in their pursuit of aesthetics? END
START what was a term for an architect who catered to the wealthy? END
START what did 19th century formal architectural training neglect? END
START where did most architects learn their trade? END
START  what two fields got closer? END
START  what three fields began to grow apart? END
START  what did architects often favor in their pursuit of aesthetics? END
START  what was a term for an architect who catered to the poor? END
START  what did 18th century formal architectural training neglect? END
START what started with the industrial revolution? END
START what became cheap enough for the middle class to buy? END
START as products came within their financial reach what concept began to interest the middle class? END
START what ended with the industrial revolution? END
START  what became cheap enough for the lower class to buy? END
START  as products came within their financial reach what concept began to interest the upper class? END
START  as products came within their financial reach what concept began to interest the lower class? END
START what kind of books did housebuilders use? END
START what type of design did these texts allow the builders to incorporate? END
START what kind of books did housebuilders reject? END
START what type of design did these texts allow the builders to reject? END
START at what century's start did revivalist fall into disfavor?  END
START what new type of architecture was starting to come into being at this time? END
START when did the deutscher werkbund get its start? END
START what was the point of the deutscher werkbund? END
START in 1919 what school opened in weimar, germany? END
START  at what century's end did revivalist fall into disfavor? END
START what old type of architecture was starting to come into being at this time? END
START when did the deutscher werkbund end? END
START what started in 1970? END
START  in 1919 what business opened in weimar, germany? END
START what kind of movement was modern architecture in the beginning? END
START who was the new movement meant to suit the needs of? END
START whose needs were no longer relevant to the new style? END
START what sort of details did the modernists' want in their buildings? END
START what details did modernists' do away with? END
START what kind of movement was prehistoric architecture in the beginning? END
START what kind of movement was modern architecture in the ending? END
START  who was the old movement meant to suit the needs of? END
START  what details did modernists' encourage? END
START who was instrumental in creating organic architecture? END
START what are two of wright's designs? END
START what was wright's intention regarding humans and nature? END
START  who was instrumental in rejecting organic architecture? END
START  who was instrumental in creating inorganic architecture? END
START  what are four of wright's designs? END
START wright wanted to promote disharmony in what two groups? END
START what made it possible to design architecture through new means and methods? END
START what new type of construction allowed the making of skyscrapers? END
START what style came after modernism? END
START what is an example of international style? END
START who designed the twin towers? END
START what made it impossible to design architecture through new means and methods? END
START  what old type of construction allowed the making of skyscrapers? END
START  what style came before modernism? END
START  who designed the triplet towers? END
START  what is an example of domestic style? END
START what aspect of historical styles did a lot of architects find lacking in modernist styles? END
START who were three architects who influenced brutalism? END
START what material was used in brutalist structures? END
START who disagreed with the aesthetic of brutalism? END
START what aspect of historical styles did a lot of architects find booming in modernist styles? END
START  who were three architects who discouraged brutalism? END
START  what material was never used in brutalist structures? END
START  who agreed with the aesthetic of brutalism? END
START what school was a response to brutalism? END
START what are two examples of metaphoric architecture? END
START what are biomorphism and zoomorphic architecture based after design wise? END
START what type of architecture do some consider metaphoric architecture to be a development of? END
START what school was a warm aesthetic of modernism END
START  what are two examples of non-metaphoric architecture? END
START what are biomorphism and zoomorphic architecture not based after design wise? END
START what type of architecture does nobody consider metaphoric architecture to be a development of? END
START when was the start of the  architectural phenomenology movement? END
START what was  architectural phenomenology reacting to? END
START what were the architectural phenomenologists hoping to expand? END
START who called postmodern architecture a "decorated shed"? END
START what term did venturi use for brutalist and mondernist buildings? END
START when was the end of the architectural phenomenology movement? END
START what happened in the early 1950s? END
START  what was architectural phenomenology not reacting to? END
START  what were the architectural phenomenologists hoping to stay away from? END
START  who called postmodern architecture a "decorated building"? END
START about when did architecture begin specializing? END
START who can no longer design a large structure? END
START what two architectural movements have come under criticism for their focus on individuality?  END
START  about when did architecture stop specializing? END
START what happened before the 1980s? END
START when did complexity of buildings began to decrease?  END
START what two architectural movements have never faced criticism for their focus on individuality? END
START what issue has moved to the forefront in recent years? END
START what do architecture schools look at more and more nowadays? END
START who was the first to design architecture environmentally? END
START who was known for focusing on the environment in the 1960s? END
START what organization's rating system promotes sustainability? END
START what issue has moved to the forefront in past years? END
START  what do architecture schools look at less and less nowadays? END
START  who was the last to design architecture environmentally? END
START  who was known for focusing on the environment in the 1970s? END
START what organization's rating system discourages sustainability? END
START what are three new movements that have a focus on sustainability? END
START what kinds of buildings and building developments are the new movements not in favor of? END
START what are three things the new movements try to achieve? END
START what older architectural movements do the newer movements not go along with? END
START what are three old movements that have a focus on sustainability? END
START what kinds of buildings and building developments are the old movements not in favor of? END
START  what are three things the old movements try to achieve? END
START what older architectural movements do the older movements not go along with? END
START which three statistics does the hdi compile? END
START does a high ranking on the hdi indicate shorter or longer life expectancy? END
START who developed the hdi? END
START what entity publishes the hdi? END
START does a high ranking on the hdi indicate shorter or longer life expectancy at birth? END
START  which three statistics does the hdi ignore? END
START does a low ranking on the hdi indicate shorter or longer life expectancy? END
START  who rejected the hdi? END
START  what entity rejects the hdi? END
START does a low ranking on the hdi indicate shorter or longer life expectancy at birth? END
START in what year did the human development report introduce the ihdi? END
START what does ihdi stand for? END
START which measures the potential development, the hdi or the ihdi? END
START what happened in 2001? END
START  what does ihdi2 stand for? END
START  which measures the potential underdevelopment, the hdi or the ihdi? END
START in what year did mahbub ul haq devise and launch the hdi? END
START who was initially opposed to the idea of creating the hdi? END
START mahbub ul haq was hoping to shift the focus of development economics to what type of policies? END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2011 report? END
START in what year did mahbub ul haq reject the hdi? END
START  who was initially agreeing to the idea of creating the hdi? END
START  mahbub ul haq didn't want to shift the focus of development economics to what type of policies? END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2001 report? END
START what does le stand for? END
START what does mys stand for? END
START what does eys stand for? END
START what does gnipc stand for? END
START what does li stand for? END
START  what does mis stand for? END
START  what does eyes stand for? END
START  what does gnlpc stand for? END
START what entity makes the defining formula for the hdi well-known? END
START  what entity makes the defining formula for the hdmi well-known? END
START what does undd stand for?  END
START on what date was the 2015 human development report released? END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2015 report? END
START what happened on december 15, 2015 END
START on what date was the 2005 human development report released? END
START on what date was the 2014 human development report released? END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2014 report? END
START on what date was the 2010 human development report released? END
START  which year was used for estimates in the 2004 report? END
START what was released on july 25 2014 END
START what does the ihdi specifically take into account? END
START does the ihdi measure the "average" or the "potential" level of human development?  END
START  what does the hihdi specifically take into account? END
START  does the ihdi measure the "unaverage" or the "lack of potential" level of human development? END
START which caribbean nation is in the top quartile of hdi (but missing ihdi)? END
START is the top quartile of hdi considered "high" or "very high" human development? END
START which caribbean nation is in the top quartile of hidi (but missing hihdi)? END
START s the top quartile of hdi considered "low" or "very low" human development? END
START what is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2014 report? END
START which east asian dictatorship was excluded from the 2014 report? END
START what is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2013 report? END
START what year were all countries included? END
START on what date was the 2013 human development report released? END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2013 report? END
START  which year was used for estimates in the 2014 report? END
START does the ihdi measure the "average" or the "potential" level of human development? END
START does the ihdi measure the "abnormal" or the "lack of potential" level of human development? END
START what does the hidi stand for?  END
START what is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2011 report? END
START which east asian dictatorship was excluded from the 2011 report? END
START what is not the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2011 report? END
START what is not the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2012 report? END
START  which east asian dictatorship was excluded from the 2012 report? END
START on what date was the 2010 human development report released? END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2010 report? END
START  on what date was the 2012 human development report released? END
START what was released on november 5, 2010? END
START  which year was used for estimates in the 2011 report? END
START in the ihdi, inequality is factored into what three human development dimensions? END
START in the ihdi, inequality is never factored into what three human development dimensions? END
START what is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2010 report? END
START which caribbean nation protested its exclusion from the 2010 report? END
START what ranking has cuba been given since the situation with the missing data was addressed? END
START what is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2012 report? END
START which caribbean nation agreed with its exclusion from the 2010 report? END
START what ranking has cuba been given since the situation with the complete data was addressed? END
START on what date was the 2009 human development report released? END
START what period is covered by the 2009 human development report? END
START what was another title for the 2009 human development report? END
START what new category was added in the 2009 human development report? END
START how does the 2009 human development report refer to countries that rank "very high"? END
START  on what date was the 2008 human development report released? END
START what period is covered by the 2008 human development report? END
START  what was another title for the 2008 human development report? END
START what new category was added in the 2008 human development report? END
START how does the 2008 human development report refer to countries that rank "very high"? END
START what three reasons were mentioned for countries being excluded? END
START  what four reasons were mentioned for countries being excluded? END
START what type of update was released on december 18, 2008? END
START what was the index published on december 18, 2008 lacking? END
START what period was covered by the statistical update index released in december of 2008? END
START  what type of update was released on december 18, 2004? END
START  what was the index published on december 18, 2008 complete? END
START what period was covered by the statistical update index released in december of 2002? END
START on what date was the 2007/2008 human development report released? END
START what was the focus of the 2007/2008 human development report? END
START what is the most recent year that was included in the 2007/2008 human development report? END
START the hdi in the 2007/2008 human development report is for what year? END
START where was the 2007/2008 human development report launched? END
START on what date was the 2008/2009 human development report released? END
START what came out on november 26, 2007? END
START what was the focus of the 2005/2009 human development report? END
START what is the most recent year that was included in the 2008/2009 human development report? END
START  where was the 2008/2009 human development report launched? END
START which countries experienced a decrease in hdi? END
START  which countries experienced an increase in hdi? END
START under what number does a country need to fall in order to be considered a "low development" country? END
START on which continent are all 22 of the low development countries located? END
START what is gabon's ranking? END
START what is south africa's ranking? END
START what are the two highest ranking sub-saharan countries? END
START under what number does a country need to fall in order to be considered a "high development" country? END
START on which continent are all 23 of the low development countries located? END
START  what is pabon's ranking? END
START  what is north africa's ranking? END
START  what are the two lowest ranking sub-saharan countries? END
START what number indicates the minimum score for a country to be considered a "high development" country? END
START which south american country was included among the seven promoted countries? END
START what is the largest country that was included among the seven promoted countries? END
START what number indicates the minimum score for a country to be considered a "low development" country? END
START which north american country was included among the seven promoted countries? END
START what is the smallest country that was included among the seven promoted countries? END
START if there is a decrease in a country's ranking, which indicator will be present? END
START if there is an increase in a country's ranking, which indicator will be present? END
START if a country's ranking does not change, which indicator will be present? END
START if there is an increase in a country's ranking, which indicator will be not present? END
START if there is an increase in a country's ranking, which indicator will not be present? END
START if a country's ranking does change, which indicator will be present? END
START which country has been ranked highest the most number of times? END
START which country has received the top rank twice? END
START which country has been ranked lowest the most number of times? END
START  which country has received the bottom rank twice? END
START the hdi has been criticized for focusing exclusively on what? END
START has the hdi been criticized for being biased towards western or towards eastern models of development? END
START the hdi has been criticized for lack of what type of perspective on development? END
START critics of the hdi cite its focus on which: egalitarianism or authoritarianism? END
START the hidi has been criticized for focusing exclusively on what? END
START has the hdi been criticized for being biased towards northern or towards southern models of development? END
START the hdi has been criticized for lack of what type of perspective on nondevelopment? END
START  critics of the hidi cite its focus on which: egalitarianism or authoritarianism? END
START how many economists were cited as pointing out data errors in the hdi? END
START in what year did the undp respond to the criticism of its report? END
START which magazine publication carried a statement from the human development report office in january, 2011? END
START how many economists were cited as pointing out data errors in the hidi? END
START  in what year did the ulndp respond to the criticism of its report? END
START which magazine publication carried a statement from the human development report office in january, 2012? END
START how many countries were included in the 2009 hdi? END
START how many countries were included in the 2010 hdi? END
START how many countries were included in the 2008 hdi? END
START  how many countries were included in the 2011 hdi? END
START what represents not changing rank? END
START what is relative to the hdi list? END
START what dashes do not represent changes in rank?  END
START what was published in 2001? END
START what is the abbreviation for "very low human development"  END
START what does hdmi mean?  END
START which year was used for estimates in the 2012 report? END
START what arrows do not represent changes in rank END
START what does himi stand for?  END
START what's the abbreviation for human non development index? END
START what dashes do not represent changes in rank? END
START which caribbean nation is in the bottom quartile of hdi (but missing ihdi)? END
START what arrows do not represent changes in rank? END
START why were all countries included? END
