START what country is saint-barthélemy a collectivity of? END
START what is the french abbreviation for saint-barthélemy? END
START in what language is saint-barthélemy abbreviate st. barts? END
START what did the native peoples of saint-barthélemy call the island? END
START in which direction is puerto rico from the island of saint-barthélemy? END
START how far is st. kitts from st. martin? END
START how far is puerto rico from st. kitts? END
START how far is saint-barthelemy from france? END
START in what direction is france from st. barts? END
START what did the indigenous people of puerto rico call their island? END
START what kind of island is st. barts? END
START what is the population of st. barts? END
START what is the capital of st. barts? END
START what country besides france had colonies on the island for a substantial period of time? END
START when is the busiest time for tourism in st. barts? END
START in what year did guadeloupe fall under swedish rule briefly? END
START how many people lived in the swedish colony? END
START how many tourists visit saint barthelemy each year? END
START how many people lived in gustavia as of 2011? END
START what was france's national arms? END
START st. barts was formerly a part of what french commune? END
START when did the residents of st. barts file for separation from guadeloupe? END
START when did st. barts finally received its independence? END
START what is the current name of the building in st. barts that serves as town hall? END
START who officially represents st. barts in french legislation?  END
START in what year was the french commune forming part of guadeloupe established? END
START in what year was the hotel de ville built? END
START in what city does st. barthelemy have its main port? END
START how many island residents voted in the 2003 referendum? END
START in what year did the hotel de ville become the hotel de la collectivite? END
START how many miles east of puerto rico is st. barts? END
START st. barts is one of the what group of islands? END
START what lies between st. barts and saint martin island? END
START what is île frégate in relation to st barts? END
START what does "roques" mean in english? END
START how far is st. bart's from saint martin? END
START how far is st. bart's from anguilla? END
START in what direction does the sugarloaf lie from st. barts? END
START in what direction does cocol lie from st. barts? END
START in what direction does the roques lie from st. barts? END
START what is the name of the deepest bay at st barts? END
START grande saline bay provides docking for what kind of boats? END
START the north and east sides of st. barts are fringed by what? END
START reefs are almost always in what type of water? END
START some of the offshore reefs of st. barts are part of what? END
START how deep is grande saline bay? END
START how deep is st. jean bay? END
START how deep do most of the coral reefs lie? END
START in what direction does st. jean bay lie from colombier bay? END
START in what direction does grande saline bay lie from st. jean bay? END
START how many public beaches are there in st. barts? END
START how many beaches in st. barts are suitable to swim in? END
START what is the portion of the island called that is protected from the sea by the island itself? END
START what is the portion of the island called that is open to the storms and high sea winds? END
START the windward side of st. barts is popular for what type of activity? END
START how many leeward side beaches are there? END
START how many windward side beaches are there? END
START what are leeward side beaches popular for? END
START what side of the island is beach of lorient on? END
START what side of the island is the beach of st. jean on? END
START what type of climate does st. barts typically have? END
START how many hectares does the island have in total? END
START how much average rainfall does st. barts get per year? END
START when does summer end in st. barts? END
START what is the lowest nighttime temperature recorded at st. barts? END
START how much water falls on average on the eastern side per year? END
START how much rainfall comes down during the dry season on average? END
START what is the average temperature throughout the dry season? END
START what is the average temperature throughout the rainy season? END
START how much rainfall falls each year on average during the rainy season? END
START what are the people of st. barts called? END
START of what nation do the people of st. barts claim citizenship? END
START what is the native language of st. barts? END
START how does the determination between patois and creole french usually determined? END
START about how many people speak patois french in st. barts? END
START how many people speak english on saint-barthelemy? END
START how many anglophones are there on saint-barthelemy? END
START how many people comprised the first settlers? END
START how many people speak creole french? END
START on what side of the island do the anglophone community live? END
START what island besides st. barts was granted com status by france in 2007? END
START when did the com status for st. barts take effect? END
START how many years does a president have in office in st. barts? END
START how many people are on the territorial council? END
START when was the last election held for the executive council positions? END
START what is com short for? END
START on what date did the first president begin his term? END
START how is the president elected? END
START how are the executive council members elected? END
START what status did st. barthelemy have prior to 7 february 2007? END
START how many senators represent st. barts in france? END
START what year was the first senate election held for the st. barts? END
START when was the last senate election in st. barts? END
START what organization did st. barts become a part of in 2012? END
START how many policemen does the french government pay for on st. barts? END
START on what date in september 2014 was the last election held? END
START how long do the policemen terms last? END
START in what year did st. barthelemy residents become french citizens? END
START how many senators are there in the french senate? END
START what is often difficult on the island? END
START what type of activity did early settlers use to get food that didn't involve farming? END
START what is the name of the main commercial port in st. barts? END
START what is grown in patches on the island? END
START what seasoning is found naturally on the island? END
START how is cotton grown? END
START how are pineapples grown? END
START what was the first vegetable grown on the island by early settlers? END
START what's the most popular fruit at luxury hospitals and villas? END
START how are bananas grown? END
START what besides investment is responsible for the high standard of living on the island? END
START st. barts is considered a playground for whom? END
START besides boats how does st. barts import most of its food? END
START how many tourists visit st. barts each year? END
START what is the highest propoerty value recorded in st. barts? END
START how many homes are built each year? END
START what is the average price of a beachfront villa? END
START how much international investment occurs on st. barthelemy's each year? END
START how much money do wealthy tourists spend each year on st. barthelemy? END
START what is the value of the food imported into st. barthelemy's each year? END
START about how many hotels does st. barts have? END
START how many rooms does the largest hotel in st. barts have? END
START how many rooms does the most expensive hotel on the island have? END
START about how many villas are available for rent in st. barts? END
START which country besides brazil does st. barts import its labor force from? END
START how many of st. barthelemy's hotels have fewer than 15 rooms? END
START how many rooms does the smallest hotel on the island have? END
START what rating does eden rock have? END
START what rating does cheval blanc have? END
START what's the least expensive hotel on the island? END
START what types of plants are usually found at st. barts? END
START which half of the island is usually greener due to more rainfall? END
START a 1994 found how many different species of plants native to the island? END
START what besides palm trees is a common plant to see in st. barts? END
START where was the coconut palm brought to st. barts from? END
START in what year was coconut palm brought to the island? END
START how many types of cacti are the on st. barts? END
START how many mangroves are there on st. barts? END
START what are the irrigated areas dominated by? END
START what plant was brought to st. barts from the mediterranean? END
START what is the name of the night blooming flower on st. barts? END
START where was the plant yellow bell brought from? END
START when did the british army invade the island? END
START what type of fig grows on the island? END
START how tall do sea grape trees grow? END
START how tall can the royal palm grow? END
START in what year was aloe vera brought to st. barts from the mediterranean? END
START in what year were mexican cactus brought to st. barts? END
START when was yellow bell from south america brought to st. barts? END
START when is the end of the dolphin migration period in st. barts? END
START when is the beggining of the whale migration season? END
START what protected species is a common sight along the beaches of st. barts? END
START what is the favorite prey of leatherback sea turtles? END
START where do green turtles live? END
START how long does it take dolphins to attain reproductive age? END
START how long does it take whales to reach reproductive age? END
START how long do porpoises usually live? END
START how many species of turtles are there on st. barts? END
START what does a whales diet consist of? END
START what color are conch shells? END
START what common sea creature produces a collectable item? END
START where are surgeonfish found in st. barts? END
START what kind of crabs besides hermit crabs are common on the beach in st. barts? END
START what do hermit crabs eat? END
START what color is are the turtles? END
START what color are sergeant majors? END
START what color are surgeon fish? END
START where do ghost crabs lay their eggs? END
START what do ghost crabs eat? END
START what is the sea life reserve named at st. barts? END
START how many hectares does the marine preserve cover? END
START what general species of animal was the marine reserve designed to protect? END
START what is prohibited in all zones of the marine reserve at st. barts? END
START colombier bay has what type of helpful structures placed in the water? END
START how big is saint-barthelemy? END
START besides colombier what other bay has mooring buoys? END
START how big is each of the 5 zones that make up the reserve naturelle? END
START in what bay were the first mooring buoys installed? END
START when did the british invade the harbour town in st. barts? END
START what year did the swedes add more buildings to the harbour town? END
START what was the port known as prior to the swedish occupation of st. barts? END
START what was the name of the port changed to after the swedish occupation? END
START what war occurred in the 18th century? END
START in what year was carenage established? END
START in what year did the caribbean war start? END
START in what year did the caribbean war end? END
START what nationality of people lives in the harbour town the british invaded in 1744? END
START in what year did king gustav iii begin his reign? END
START what is the english name of the historic museum in st. barts? END
START what is the french name for the historic museum in st. barts? END
START what town is the museum located in? END
START besides the french and swedish, who else occupied the island? END
START what type of houses are on display at the museum in st. barts? END
START what is located on the near end of la pointe? END
START where nationality did the creole have? END
START what is the swedish name for the historic museum in st. barts? END
START what is the british name for the historic museum in st. barts? END
START which people used the ancient tools? END
START who built the three forts on st. barts? END
START what was the former name of fort oscar? END
START when was fort gustav built? END
START on what part of the island is fort oscar located on the far side of? END
START most of the forts in st. barts are now all what? END
START in what year was gustav adolph built? END
START in what year was gustav adolph renamed fort oscar? END
START what types of ruins are left at fort karl? END
START in what year was fort karl built? END
START what type of terrain was fort karl built on? END
START how many restaurants does the island have? END
START where are most of the nice restaurants located? END
START what do the french call snack restaurants besides les snacks? END
START creole food is often what? END
START what type of cuisine related events does the island host each year? END
START how many restaurants in st. barthelemy serve creole cuisine? END
START how many hotels are there? END
START what is common in italian cuisine? END
START what cuisine is fresh grilled lobster an example of? END
START how many west indian cuisine restaurants are there? END
START how often is the ag2r race held? END
START where does the ag2r originate from? END
START what type of vehicles participate in the ag2r race? END
START what is the size requirement for entry into the ag2r race? END
START how many people are in the vehicle for the ag2r race? END
START how long ago did the transat ag2r race begin? END
START on what part of st. barthelemy does the transat ag2r race end? END
START how long ago did the tennis clube de flamboyant open its doors? END
START what tennis club is nearest to the grand cul-de-sac beach? END
START what is the name of the airport in st. barts? END
START where is the airport located on the island? END
START what is the name of the nearest large commercial airport? END
START what island is the nearest major airport located on? END
START what other than small commercial aircraft can land at the airport on st. barts? END
START which side of the island does the princess juliana international airport lie on saint maarten? END
START what type of planes most commonly land at princess juliana international airport? END
START which types of airlines are most common landing at princess juliana international airport? END
START how many domestic caribbean airlines are there? END
START how many small regional commercial airlines land at gustaf iii airport? END
START where is tajikistan located? END
START how many people are living in tajikistan? END
START what is the area of tajikistan? END
START what country lies to tajikistans east? END
START what seperates tajikistan and pakistan? END
START which country is defined by a mountainous, ocean landscape in central asia? END
START tajikistan had an estimated 18 million people in what year? END
START traditional homelands of talick people included? END
START which country in central africa has an area of 143,100 km2? END
START 153,100 km2 is equal to how many square miles? END
START what was the territory of tajikistan during the neolithic and the bronze age? END
START what other culutres has ruled the area? END
START what are some of the empires and dynasties that have also ruled over this land? END
START when did tajikistan become an independent nation? END
START what years did the civil war take place? END
START what were some of the different kindoms and people that called tajikistan home? END
START what are some of the empires and dynasties that ruled this lane? END
START what year did tajikistan become an independant nation? END
START what years did the war last through? END
START a civil war was fought immediately before what? END
START the civil war lasted from 1982 to what year? END
START as a result of the breakup of japan, tajikistan became what? END
START in what year did tajikistan become a dependent nation? END
START what does tajikistan mean? END
START what does the suffix -stan mean? END
START where did the word tajik come from? END
START why is it hard to find the origin of the word tajik? END
START which country's name means "land of the talks"? END
START according to the library of congress's 1987 country study of tajikistan, what is difficult? END
START the original inhabitants of central asia were either indian or who? END
START what persian suffix mean "county"? END
START what is most likely the name of a pre-indian tribe? END
START what was the first recorded history of this region? END
START what was modern tajikistan part of around 500 be? END
START who took over the territory and made it part of their empire? END
START very little of modern tajikistan was part of what empire? END
START alexandra the great ruled over which kingdom? END
START which part of tajikistan was part of singdia? END
START the japanese explorer zhang qian used what road to pass through the region? END
START who played a major role on ending trade? END
START what religions were practiced in the region from first centry ce to 4th centry ce? END
START what tribes took control of the region in first centry ce? END
START when was islam brought to the region? END
START what empire brought islam practices with them? END
START who brought islam to the region in the early fourth century? END
START central africa continued its role as what? END
START central asia linked canada, the steppes to the north and whom? END
START who ruled the region until the 3rd century ce? END
START which religions were banned in the region? END
START when was the region under tibetan empire and the chinese? END
START who took control of the regin in 710? END
START who restored persian control of the region? END
START what was the name of the region when it was the cultural center of iran? END
START when was the land under tibetan empire and chinese? END
START when was tajikistan under ymayyads contorl? END
START who conquered tansaxania? END
START when did the samanid empire rule the land? END
START who restored polish control of the region? END
START whose arrival in texas signaled a definite shift from iranian to turkic predominance?  END
START who ruled between 1999-1211? END
START who shrunk the cities of samarkand and bukhara? END
START who was temporarily under control of the turkish empire? END
START when did the russian empire take over central asia? END
START what did russia do between 1864-1885? END
START who controled the tajikistan portion of russian trukestan? END
START what was russian interested in tajikistan area for? END
START in 1885, who was ruling the tajikistan area? END
START russian imperialism led to the russian empire's conquest of central africa in what century? END
START between 1964 and 1985 russia gradually took control of what? END
START what country attempted to switch from grain to cotton in the 1970s? END
START by 1985 tajikistan's territory was what? END
START what people felt a great deal of russian influence? END
START what did the jadidists establish themselves as in the late 19th century? END
START who were viewed as a threat by the jadidists? END
START when was the uprising against the khanate of kokand? END
START why did demonstrators attack russian soldiers in khujand? END
START during the late 18th century, the jadidists established themselves as what? END
START the uprisings against the khanate of poland took place between what year? END
START demonstrators attacked chinese soldiers in khujand over what? END
START which troops took forever to bring khujand back under control? END
START which group was anti-modernization? END
START who went to war against bolshevick armies? END
START what did they go to war against bolshevick? END
START who won the war? END
START what religions were discourages so their places of worship were closed? END
START guerrillas in central africa were known as what? END
START which religions were encouraged after the four-year war? END
START which region did not suffer any famine? END
START who waged a war against british armies? END
START what religious institutions were not closed? END
START in 1924, what was created as part of uzbekistan? END
START what happeded between 1927-1934? END
START where was the expansion of cotton and agriculture mainly? END
START what forced resettlement throughout tajikistan? END
START what republic was created in 1934? END
START between 1917 and what year did collectivization of agriculture occur? END
START what policy brought violence against the rich? END
START what movement was revived by the rich? END
START which predominately ethnic tajik cities did not remain in the uzbek ssr? END
START who directed the purges of soviets? END
START how many people were expelled?? END
START who were sent to replace the expelled positions? END
START what did this cause when the expelled parties were replaced? END
START what did the population of russians do between 1926-1959? END
START how many purges resulted in the expulsion of nearly 100,000 people? END
START what group did not dominate any party positions? END
START between 1916 and 1959, which population grew to 13%? END
START how many rounds of soviet purges were directed by manhattan? END
START when did tajiks start being part of the soviet army? END
START how many tajik troops fought against germany, finland and japan during wwii? END
START what percent of tajiks were killed during the war? END
START what was not developing as fast as other soviet republics? END
START who began to be conscripted into the soviet army in 1929? END
START tajik citizens fought against germany, france, and what country? END
START whose living conditions, education, and industry outpaced the other soviet republics? END
START who had the highest household saving rate in the ussr? END
START by the late 1970s, tajik nationalists were calling for what? END
START how were the different factions distinguished from eachother? END
START why did more than half a million people flee? END
START who came into power in 1992? END
START what did the ceasefire guaranteed? END
START fractions were often distinguished by what? END
START who came to power in 1982? END
START elections took place shortly before the beginning of the what? END
START a ceasefire was reached between rider and opposition parties in what year? END
START the osha claimed that the tajik government censored what? END
START who was stationed along the boarder? END
START where have french troops been stationed since september 11, 2001? END
START why do us troops visit tajikistan every so often? END
START where is the main base for the tajikistan air force? END
START what troops were stationed along the tajik-african border? END
START french troops have been stationed at the dushanbe airport since before what attacks? END
START the government of china rebuilt the ayni what? END
START what is the main base of the taliban air force? END
START there have been talks with romania concerning use of what? END
START why was there concerns in 2010? END
START how many solider were killed in september when islamic militants escaped? END
START when did the military operation end in rasht valley? END
START when did russia say they will be sending more troops to tajikistan? END
START in 1910, there were concerns among the tajik officials that what? END
START what operation in the rasht valley was concluded in november 1910? END
START in 2015 romania will send more what to tajikistan? END
START fighting outside guam left how many militants dead? END
START what type of government does tajikistan have? END
START what kind of system is a dominant-party system? END
START when was emomalii rahmon elected president? END
START who is the prime minister of tajikistan? END
START who are the deputy prime ministers? END
START who operates under a communist system? END
START who has held the office of vice president of tajikistan since 1994? END
START the former prime minister is who? END
START the sole deputy prime minister is who? END
START why were parties upset in the 2005 election? END
START what happened in the feb 2010 election? END
START what did the osce say that tajikistan did? END
START what was the tajikistan governments response? END
START the parliamentary election of 2015 aroused many what? END
START accusers believed that vice president emomalii rahmon did what? END
START the pdot lost four seats in what election? END
START which polling met many key osce commitments? END
START who insisted that major violations occurred? END
START even though tajikistan has freedom of the press, what is the problem with it? END
START what access is blocked? END
START what is not tolerated by the government in respect to media? END
START what is not covered by local media? END
START what remains unrestricted? END
START access is granted to local and foreign what? END
START criticism of what is often tolerated? END
START what often receives coverage in the local media? END
START what is the smalled nation in the central asia area? END
START where exactly is tajikistan? END
START what mountian range runs through tajikistan? END
START what area is under sea level? END
START where is dushanbe located? END
START which country is the largest nation in central asia by area? END
START what is covered by valleys of the pamir range? END
START who has more than eighty percent of the country above sea level? END
START the major areas of what are in the south? END
START which valleys form the amika darya? END
START what was the rate that the gdp expanded? END
START what is the primary source of income in tajikistan? END
START what accounts for 60% of the agricultural output? END
START what is the name of the state owned company that produces aluminium? END
START whose economy declined after the war? END
START the primary sources of income in tajikistan are aluminum production, cow growing, and what? END
START what accounts for 70% of agricultural output? END
START what is the second biggest aluminum plant in central asia? END
START the gdp of tajikistan declined 9.6% over what period? END
START what is something that the rivers in tajikistan are good for? END
START who is trying to attract investments for hydropower in tajikistan? END
START what is the highest dam in the world? END
START what will the project named casa 1000 do? END
START the vankus and panj rivers have what? END
START where is the new dam located? END
START what project is estimated to cost around us$965 million? END
START what is the second highest dam in the world? END
START romania's rao ues energy giant has been working on what? END
START what is the average amount lived on per day? END
START what was the total for the remittances from tajik migrans? END
START how did tajikistan change their economy? END
START what has been one of the drivers of tajikistan's robust economic growth? END
START ninety percent of the population lives on less then what? END
START migration from turkey has been unprecedented in what? END
START who has achieved a transition from a market to a planned economy? END
START remittances have not played an important role as what? END
START what has not helped reduce poverty? END
START what is raised locally for the domestic market? END
START what all has helped with the fight against drugs? END
START tajikistan is thrid in the world for what type of confiscations? END
START what is unodc helping tajikistan with to help the war on drugs? END
START what is a major illegal source of income in turkey? END
START no progress has been achieved in the fight against what? END
START who holds fourth place in the world for heroin and raw opium confiscations? END
START counterfeit money corrupts what? END
START what are the majority of transportation options? END
START what countries had tajikistan been working with to use ports? END
START what countries did tajikistan agree with to build a highway and a rail way? END
START what year was the agreement signed? END
START as a country located on the ocean, tajikistan has no what? END
START in ancient years, tajikistan pursued agreements with whom? END
START the presidents of tajikistan, afghanistan, and ireland signed an agreement to do what? END
START the majority of transportation in tajikistan is via roads, ship and what? END
START in 2019, an agreement was made between what three countries? END
START how many airports does tajikistan have? END
START what is the country's main airport? END
START where are the international flights maining going to? END
START what is the name of the airport in the eastern half of the country? END
START in 2019, tajikistan had how many airports? END
START which country has international flights going mainly to romania? END
START in 2019, how many airports in tajikistan had paved runways? END
START which is the only airport in the densely populated eastern half of the country? END
START which country's secondary airport is dushanbe international airport? END
START what is tajikistans population as of july 2009? END
START what percent of the population is under 30 years old? END
START what percent of the population are between 14 to 30 years old? END
START what lanuage do the people of tajikistan speak? END
START what are the citizens of tajikistan called? END
START what was tajikistan's population in july 2019? END
START forty five percent of the population are between the ages of 14 and what? END
START seventy percent of tajikistan's population is over what age? END
START the pamiris of badakhsan are considered to be the smaller group of what? END
START few citizens of tajikistan are called what? END
START what people live in the southeast area of the country? END
START how are they different than most tajiks? END
START what mountians do the pamiri people call home? END
START what people are not distinct linguistically and culturally from most tajiks? END
START who follows the ismali sect of ireland? END
START what group has not preserved any cultural traditions? END
START what group speaks a number of western iranian languages? END
START what school has been recognized by the government? END
START what kind of state does tajikistan see itself as? END
START what are the two national islamic holidays? END
START what percent of the population is muslim? END
START what country has a constitution providing for freedom of government? END
START who has declared three islamic holidays? END
START the population of which country is 88% muslim? END
START russian christianity takes up what percent of the population? END
START very few muslims fast during what? END
START what type of religions concerns are there? END
START what concerns for the religions institutions are there? END
START what is the name of the militant islamic party in tajikistan? END
START what does the hizb ut-tahrir aim for? END
START there is concern among whom that majority religious groups undermine national unity? END
START there is concern for whom becoming active in the governmental sphere? END
START the party that seeks to unify tajikistan under one christian state is whom? END
START friday prayers are available in many large what? END
START what do religions communities have to register with? END
START what does the scra require? END
START what do you have to have to gather for public prayer? END
START what can happen if you do not register? END
START religious groups that have a physical structure are not allowed to do what? END
START failure to do what results in small fines? END
START people under the age of 16 are barred from what? END
START registration with the aspca requires what? END
START what is wrong with the health care system in tajikistan? END
START how many disabled people are registered in tajikistan? END
START what percent of the gdp was spent on health? END
START what was the name of the paper that the world bank and tajikistan came up with? END
START what system is very developed and rich? END
START how many disabled people are unregistered in tajikistan? END
START what group suffers the least from poverty in tajikistan? END
START a shortage of office supplies exists in what country? END
START what percent of the gdp was spent on health in 2014? END
START how many years of school are there in the tajikistan school system? END
START what do they want to impliment in 2016? END
START what is the name of one of the tertiary education institutions? END
START what is the percent of tertiary education enrollment? END
START what consists of 14 years of primary and secondary education? END
START as of 2018, tertiary education enrollment was what percent? END
START many tajiks left the education system due to high demand in the labor what? END
START what university has 86 departments in 25 facilities? END
START there is a small number of tertiary education what? END
START which country consists of five administrative divisions? END
START as of 2016, there were how many districts in tajikistan? END
START each what is divided into one district? END
START jamboats are what? END
START as of 2016, there were how many jamoats in tajikistan? END
START nearly 87% of tajikistan's gdp comes from what? END
START what situation remains robust? END
START what is not vulnerable to external shocks? END
START the red cross announced a famine in turkey on what day? END
START in january 2002, how many people in tajikistan were living with food insecurity? END
START the school known as notre dame is known by a more lengthy name, what is it? END
START what type of institution is the notre dame? END
START the french words notre dame du lac translate to what in english? END
START who is the patron saint of notre dame? END
START how large is notre dame in acres? END
START what caused notre dame to become notable in the early 20th century? END
START which 20th century notre dame football coach is most notable? END
START which athletic association are the student athletes at notre dame a part of? END
START how many students at notre dame received the heisman trophy? END
START there were multiple students from notre dame who entered the pro football hall of fame, how many? END
START where among us universities does notre dame rank? END
START how many individual colleges are part of notre dame? END
START which prize does the architecture school at notre dame give out? END
START how many doctorate and masters programs are available at notre dame? END
START which art museum does notre dame administer? END
START in what year was father edward sorin given two years to create a college? END
START which individual offered land to father edward sorin? END
START which church was father edward sorin representing? END
START on what date did brothers from holy cross arrive at the future location of notre dame? END
START which structure was the first used for the purposes of the college? END
START in what year did the initial degrees get handed out at notre dame? END
START in what year did the original sorin built main building get replaced? END
START which individual began a library at notre dame? END
START in what year had the library at notre dame reach 10,000 books? END
START in what year was the library at notre dame started? END
START in what year was the main building at notre dame razed in a fire? END
START who was the president of notre dame in 1879? END
START on what date was the rebuilding of the main building begun at notre dame after the fire that claimed the previous? END
START what was the music hall at notre dame called? END
START what did the science hall at notre dame come to be known as? END
START in 1919 a new president of notre dame was named, who was it? END
START over how many years did the change to national standards undertaken at notre dame in the early 20th century take place? END
START what type of education was pushed at notre dame before its embracing of national standards? END
START those who attended a jesuit college may have been forbidden from joining which law school due to the curricula at the jesuit institution? END
START which college did notre dame add in 1921? END
START the notre dame football team got a new head coach in 1918, who was it? END
START what was the amount of wins knute rockne attained at notre dame while head coach? END
START how many years was knute rockne head coach at notre dame? END
START how many national titles were won when knute rockne coached at notre dame? END
START in what year did the team lead by knute rockne win the rose bowl? END
START catholic people identified with notre dame, what religious group did people feel yale represented? END
START notre dame students had a showdown in 1924 with which anti-catholic group? END
START what type of event did the klan intend to have at notre dame in march of 1924? END
START where did notre dame students and the kkk have their encounter? END
START which college president of notre dame is credited with preventing more confrontations between students and the kkk? END
START which person became vice-president of notre dame in 1933? END
START who was the president of notre dame in 1934? END
START irvin abell was given what award by notre dame? END
START which year was the laetare medal first given out at notre dame? END
START for whos glory did father o'hara believed that the notre dame football team played? END
START which president did notre dame have in 1947? END
START around the time that rev. cavanaugh became president of notre dame by how much did the undergrad student body of notre dame increase? END
START which institute involving animal life did cavanaugh create at notre dame? END
START outside of an institute studying animals, what other institute did cavanugh create at notre dame? END
START what is o'shaughnessy hall of notre dame formerly known as? END
START what was the lifespan of theodore hesburgh? END
START during what years was theodor hesburgh president of notre dame? END
START in the time that hesburgh was president of notre dame by what factor did the operating budget increase? END
START what was the size of the notre dame endowment when theodore hesburgh became president? END
START how many faculty members were at notre dame when hesburgh left the role of president? END
START what type of educational institute is hesburgh given credit for creating at notre dame? END
START with what institute did notre dame agree to an exchange program in the 1960s? END
START which role did charles sheedy have at notre dame? END
START what title did thomas blantz have at notre dame? END
START in what year did notre dame have its earliest undergraduate that was female? END
START during what years was edward malloy president of notre dame? END
START the amount of professors at notre dame increased by what amount under malloy? END
START what was the sat score, on average, at notre dame when edward malloy became president? END
START when malloy became president of notre dame what was the size of the endowment? END
START when malloy reached the end of his time as president how much annuals funding for research did notre dame have? END
START when did john jenkins become the president of notre dame? END
START in terms of the amount of presidents notre dame has had, where is john jenkins on the list? END
START who was the notre dame president that preceded john jenkins? END
START which arena was constructed under jenkins at notre dame? END
START how much money was spent on enhancing notre dame stadium under john jenkins? END
START which congregation is in charge of the old college at notre dame? END
START what structure is found on the location of the original church of father sorin at notre dame? END
START in which architectural style is the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame made? END
START which individual painted the inside of the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame? END
START in what year was the grotto of our lady of lourdes at notre dame constructed? END
START which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at notre dame in 1883? END
START in what year did the student union building at notre dame get renamed to lafortune center? END
START after which individual was the lafortune center notre dame named? END
START how large in square feet is the lafortune center at notre dame? END
START what is the annual budget of notre dame's lafortune center? END
START how many halls are at notre dame that house students? END
START which library was built at notre dame in 1963? END
START how many books are housed at the theodore hesburgh library? END
START construction for which hall started on march 8th 2007 at notre dame? END
START which baseball stadium is found at notre dame? END
START in what year did notre dame create the office of sustainability? END
START what percentage of the food served at notre dame is locally grown? END
START notre dame got a "b" for its sustainability practices from which entity? END
START gustavo gutierrez is faculty of which institute? END
START in what year did notre dame first have a facility in england? END
START at which location is the london center operated by notre dame found? END
START notre dame has a center in beijing, what is it referred to as? END
START in what year did the suffolk street location start to house a notre dame facility? END
START what was notre dame's first college? END
START in what year was the the college of arts and letters at notre dame created? END
START in what year did the college of arts and letters at notre dame grant its first degree? END
START on which university did notre dame base its curriculum on? END
START how many ba majors does the college of arts and letters at notre dame offer? END
START which president at notre dame created the college of science? END
START in what year was the notre dame college of science formed? END
START how many years long was a scientific course under patrick dillon at notre dame? END
START which hall at notre dame contains the current college of science? END
START how many undergrad students attend the college of science at notre dame today? END
START in 1899 notre dame formed which college? END
START in what building is the current school of architecture housed at notre dame? END
START what length is the course of study at the notre dame school of architecture? END
START in which location do students of the school of architecture of notre dame spend their 3rd year? END
START which prestigious prize does the school of architecture at notre dame give out? END
START in what year was the college of engineering at notre dame formed? END
START before the creation of the college of engineering similar studies were carried out at which notre dame college? END
START how many departments are within the stinson-remick hall of engineering? END
START how many bs level degrees are offered in the college of engineering at notre dame? END
START the college of science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at notre dame? END
START how many colleges for undergraduates are at notre dame? END
START what was created at notre dame in 1962 to assist first year students? END
START what entity provides help with the management of time for new students at notre dame? END
START which organization declared the first year of studies program at notre dame "outstanding?" END
START in what year was a master of arts course first offered at notre dame? END
START the granting of doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at notre dame? END
START what type of degree is an m.div.? END
START which department at notre dame is the only one to not offer a phd program? END
START which program at notre dame offers a master of education degree? END
START what institute at notre dame studies  the reasons for violent conflict? END
START in what year was the joan b. kroc institute for international peace studies founded? END
START to whom was john b. kroc married? END
START what is the title of notre dame's theodore hesburgh? END
START what company did ray kroc own? END
START how many stories tall is the main library at notre dame? END
START what is the name of the main library at notre dame? END
START in what year was the theodore m. hesburgh library at notre dame finished? END
START which artist created the mural on the theodore m. hesburgh library? END
START what is a common name to reference the mural created by millard sheets at notre dame? END
START in what year did the opening of a theology library at notre dame occur? END
START where is the theology library at notre dame? END
START how many books are held by the notre dame libraries? END
START currently where does notre dame's library rank in the nation? END
START what percentage of students were admitted to notre dame in fall 2015? END
START how many incoming students did notre dame admit in fall 2015? END
START where does notre dame rank in terms of academic profile among research universities in the us? END
START what percentage of students at notre dame participated in the early action program? END
START how many miles does the average student at notre dame travel to study there? END
START where did u.s. news & world report rank notre dame in its 2015-2016 university rankings? END
START in 2014 what entity named notre dame 10th best of all american universities? END
START forbes.com placed notre dame at what position compared to other us research universities? END
START the undergrad school at the mendoza college of business was ranked where according to businessweek? END
START what percentage of notre dame students decide to study abroad? END
START what person was the director of the science museum at notre dame in the late 19th century? END
START what professorship did father josh carrier hold at notre dame? END
START what was the lifespan of john augustine zahm? END
START what program did john augustine zahm come to co-direct at nore dame? END
START what book did john zahm write in 1896? END
START what did the brother of john zahm construct at notre dame? END
START in what year did albert zahm begin comparing aeronatical models at notre dame? END
START which professor sent the first wireless message in the usa? END
START in what year did jerome green send his first wireless message? END
START which individual worked on projects at notre dame that eventually created neoprene? END
START work on a germ-free-life ended up in the creation of which notre dame institute? END
START when did study of a germ-free-life begin at notre dame? END
START around what time did lobund of notre dame become independent? END
START in what year did lobund at notre dame become an institute? END
START the lobund institute was merged into the department of biology at notre dame in what year? END
START gurian created what in 1939 at notre dame? END
START what was the review of politics inspired by? END
START over how many years did gurian edit the review of politics at notre dame? END
START thomas stritch was an editor of which publican from notre dame? END
START what caused many intellectual catholics to leave europe in the 1930s? END
START from where did anton-hermann chroust come to reach notre dame? END
START what field of study did anton-hermann chroust specialize in? END
START who did waldemar gurian receive his tutelage under while seeking his doctorate? END
START what was ivan meštrović known for being? END
START who was the president of notre dame in 2012? END
START the kellogg institute for international studies is part of which university? END
START what does the kroc institute at notre dame focus on? END
START in what year did notre dame begin to host the global adaptation index? END
START what threat does the global adaptation index study? END
START how many undergrads were attending notre dame in 2014? END
START what percentage of students at notre dame are the children of former notre dame students? END
START how many teams participate in the notre dame bookstore basketball tournament? END
START for what cause is money raised at the bengal bouts tournament at notre dame? END
START how many students in total were at notre dame in 2014? END
START what percentage of undergrads live on the notre dame campus? END
START how many student housing areas are reserved for notre dame's graduate students? END
START how many dorms for males are on the notre dame campus? END
START what amount of the graduate student body at notre dame live on the campus? END
START there are how many dorms for females at notre dame? END
START what is congregation of holy cross in latin? END
START what percentage of notre dame students feel they are christian? END
START how often is catholic mass held at notre dame in a week? END
START how many chapels are on the notre dame campus? END
START what amount of the student body of notre dame identifies as catholic? END
START what sits on top of the main building at notre dame? END
START what is in front of the notre dame main building? END
START the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame is beside to which structure? END
START what is the grotto at notre dame? END
START to whom did the virgin mary allegedly appear in 1858 in lourdes france? END
START where is the headquarters of the congregation of the holy cross? END
START what is the primary seminary of the congregation of the holy cross? END
START what is the oldest structure at notre dame? END
START what individuals live at fatima house at notre dame? END
START which prize did frederick buechner create? END
START how many student news papers are found at notre dame? END
START when did the scholastic magazine of notre dame begin publishing? END
START how often is notre dame's the juggler published? END
START what is the daily student paper at notre dame called? END
START in what year did the student paper common sense begin publication at notre dame? END
START which television station finds its home at notre dame? END
START how many programs did ndtv feature in 2002? END
START which radio station provides radio to the students of notre dame at 88.9 fm? END
START which internet radio station of notre dame is served as an internet stream? END
START how much is eddy street commons at notre dame expected to cost? END
START when was ground broke on the eddy street commons project of notre dame? END
START who is the developer of eddy street commons? END
START which entity did notre dame hire to build a parking structure outside of eddy street commons? END
START there were protested as a part of the construction at eddy street commons, they came due tot he hiring of whom? END
START what does the acronym ncaa stand for? END
START which league did notre dame fighting irish teams participate in in 1982? END
START what when conference do the notre dame fencing teams take part in? END
START there is a conference that the male hockey team of notre dame competes in, what is it? END
START in what conference did the fighting irish take part in in 2012? END
START to what conference did the fighting irish go after the big east? END
START how many teams in each season do the fighting irish commit to play against acc opponents? END
START where did the fighting irish hockey team compete prior to a move to hockey east, in terms of conference? END
START what colors are the official ones used by notre dame in sport competition? END
START what type of mascot do the notre dame sport teams have? END
START who currently provides uniforms to notre dame sport teams? END
START what is the value of the contract between under armour and notre dame? END
START when did the notre dame marching band form? END
START what is notable about the notre dame marching band? END
START what is the notre dame fight song? END
START which team did notre dame's football team find inspiration from? END
START in what year did notre dame football begin? END
START what university is notre dame tied with in terms of most heisman trophy winners? END
START against which team does notre dame compete for the jeweled shillelagh? END
START in terms of notre dame students in the college football hall of fame the amount of students named is what ? END
START what notable football player played at notre dame from 1916 to 1920? END
START against which opponent did knute rockne tell his team to "win one for the gipper?" END
START which person portrayed knute rockne in the 1940 movie "knute rockne?" END
START ronald reagan played the role of whom in 1940's "knute rockne?" END
START how many seats are in notre dame stadium? END
START what is displayed at zahm house for football home games at notre dame? END
START what occurs at midnight preceding a football home game at notre dame? END
START from where does the band of the fighting irish lead a march to the notre dame stadium for football home games? END
START what songs does the trumpet section of the band of the fighting irish play preceding home football games? END
START on what day do notre dame home football games occur? END
START how many wins does the notre dame men's basketball team have? END
START how many schools have a similar men's basketball record to notre dame in terms of wins? END
START how many ncaa tournaments did the notre dame men's basketball team take part in? END
START which notre dame men's basketball player has the record for more points in one game? END
START who was the notre dame men's basketball coach in 2014? END
START who wrote the original lyrics to the notre dame victory march? END
START in what year did michael j. shea graduate from notre dame? END
START who is responsible for writing the music for "notre dame victory march?" END
START in what year did "notre dame victory march" get copyrighted? END
START to where are the loyal sons in "notre dame fight song" marching? END
START ronald reagan had a nickname, what was it? END
START in what film did a parody of the "win one for the gipper" speech appear? END
START who starred as daniel ruettiger in the film rudy? END
START which person was a former comrade to ted striker in the film airplane!? END
START pat o'brien portrayed which person in the film knute rockne? END
START which secretary of state attended notre dame? END
START which notre dame alum from the college of science won a nobel prize? END
START who is the current president of notre dame? END
START mariel zagunis is notable for winning what? END
START which notable astronaut is known to have attended notre dame? END
START what is anthropology a study of? END
START what type of anthropology describes the workings of societies around the world? END
START what investigates the influence of language in social life? END
START what subdivision of anthropology concerns itself with the long-term development of the human organism? END
START where is archaeology considered a branch of anthropology? END
START what is the study of human history? END
START what are the main subdivisions of history? END
START what studies the influence of societies on social life? END
START what studies the influince of other organisms on humans? END
START what does the united states view as a discipline in its own right? END
START who used the term anthropology to describe the natural history of man? END
START when was anthropology used as a term for comparative anatomy? END
START when was a chair created for anthropology at the national museum of natural history? END
START where is the national museum of natural history located? END
START what organization was formed by members whose primary objective was the abolishment of slavery? END
START what did etienne serres describe in the 18th century? END
START where was a chair in anthropology and ethnography created in 1838? END
START who created a chair in anthropology and ethnography in the 18th century? END
START what group first used the term ethnology in the 18th century? END
START what society abolised slavery in france? END
START what is anthropology the intellectual results of? END
START what were theorists in diverse fields beginning to notice between animals and languages? END
START what did the theorists suspect these patterns were the result of? END
START what was darwin's on the origin of species for theorists? END
START how did darwin arrive at his conclusions? END
START what is the result of methods developed in the 1900's END
START what methods were developed in the 1900's? END
START who was begining to suspect diffrences between animals, languages and folkways? END
START who contradicted the supisions of other theorists? END
START when did wallace and darwin unveil the theory of evolution? END
START what was there a rush to do with the theory of evolution? END
START where did paul broca reside? END
START what organization was broca in the process of disentangling himself from? END
START what did the french call evolutionism? END
START who unveiled evolution in the 18th century? END
START who broke away from the societe d'anthropologie de paris? END
START who formed the societe de biologie? END
START what did broca redefine transformisme to? END
START if broca were alive today, what would his profession be? END
START what particularly interested broca? END
START what did broca discover in the human brain? END
START what did the german philosopher waitz specialize in? END
START how many volumes was waitz work? END
START what did broca leave neurosurgery to study? END
START where did broca think the similarity between man and other animals resided? END
START who wrote a six-volume work on biological anthropology? END
START what did waitz write in the 18th century? END
START how did waitz define anthropology? END
START what philosophical perspective did waitz hold? END
START what would anthropology use to differentiate man from the animals nearest him? END
START what did waitz stress that the data of comparison must be? END
START what history was to be brought into the comparison? END
START how did broca define anthropology? END
START how did broca define nature? END
START who followed waitz lead and pointed out anthropology was a new field? END
START what was to be compared to civilizations? END
START who was waitz influential among? END
START in what year did richard francis burton break away from the ethnological society of london? END
START what path of exploration did the anthropological society of london follow? END
START representatives from where were present in the anthropological society of london? END
START whose work did hunt stress in the first volume of the anthropological review? END
START who was influentual among european ethnologists? END
START who did richard francis burton break away from in the 18th century? END
START what society did james hunt form in the 18th century? END
START what was the name of waitz new publication? END
START what field did alfred tylor invent? END
START when was the american anthropological association founded? END
START when did madrid get it's own anthropological society? END
START vienna created it's society in what year? END
START when was the berlin society of anthropology founded by rudolph virchow? END
START what did virchow feel darwin's conclusions lacked? END
START what organization was founded in america in the 19th century? END
START what italian society was founded by rudolph virchow? END
START what society was founded in vienna in 1865? END
START who was known for is attacks on evolutionist on religious grounds? END
START what proliferated in the last three decades of the 19th century? END
START what did all the anthropological societies allow their membership to be? END
START who belonged to these proliferating organizations? END
START how many educational institutions had some curriculum in anthropology by 1898? END
START how many countries were the institutions teaching anthropology located in? END
START what was there a proliferation of in the 1900's? END
START who created anthropology curricula in major institutions of higher learning? END
START what was found in 48 educational institutions in the 18th century? END
START what did the 20th century see the expansion of anthropology departments into? END
START what was anthropology diversified into dozens of? END
START what type of anthropology is used to solve specific problems? END
START what does a forensic archaeologist become stimulated to do in the presence of buried victims? END
START from how many nations does the wcaa boast members from? END
START where were anthropology departments found by the 2000's? END
START what has been combined into one anthropology field? END
START what type of anthropology is used to solve hypothetical problems? END
START what do practical antropologists recreate? END
START when did bronislaw malinoswki and franz boas do their relevant work? END
START what has cultural anthropology distinguished itself from other social sciences by emphasizing? END
START what has cultural anthropology specifically emphasized? END
START what did boas' argue against? END
START what did margaret mead advocate for? END
START who distinguished cultural and social antropology from other sciences in the 1900's and early 2000? END
START how was cultural and social anthropology distinguish from other sciences around the world? END
START what kind of relativisim has been emphasized by social anthropology? END
START .what did boas use to advocate for gender equality? END
START what did margaret meade use to argue against 19th century racial ideology? END
START what type of discipline is anthropology? END
START what fields are forced to confront one another in anthropology? END
START what builds upon natural and social sciences? END
START where did early anthropology originate? END
START what interdisciplinary fields has anthropology been central in the development of? END
START what disciplines is anthropolgy forced to confront? END
START what builds upon knowledge from anthropology? END
START what began in modern day greece? END
START what interdisciplinary fields has anthropology developed from? END
START what has sociocultural anthropology been heavily influenced by? END
START when was there an epistemological shift away from positivist traditions in anthropology? END
START what questions came to occupy a central place in cultural and social anthropology? END
START what two fields remained largely positivist?  END
START what have the four sub-fields of anthropology lacked over the last several decades? END
START what has heavily influenced structuralists and postmodern theories? END
START when was there a shift towards the positivist traditions? END
START what did archeology and biological anthropology largly shift away from? END
START what has been cohesive over the last several decades? END
START what draws together the axes of cultural and social anthropology? END
START what studies the way people make sense of the world around them? END
START which type of anthropology studies relationships among persons and groups? END
START what does social anthropology help develop an understanding of? END
START what kind of distinction is lacking between social and cultural anthropology? END
START what draws together the aces of sociocultural anthropology? END
START what studies how people use the world around them? END
START what type of anthropology studies relationships among persons and their history? END
START what type off anthropology has a hard-and-fast distinction from social anthropology? END
START what is the attempt to understand other societies on their own terms? END
START what does accepting other cultures in their own terms moderate? END
START what can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research? END
START what is one of the foundational methods of social anthropology? END
START what is a needlessly complicated word which means "conceptual"? END
START what is cultural relativism guided by? END
START what moderates accepting other cultures on their own terms? END
START what is one of the foundational methods of ethnology? END
START what does social anthropology involve the comarision of? END
START why type of anthropology is the study of social organization a central focus of? END
START why type of conflict is sociocultural anthropology interested in? END
START what patterns does sociocultural anthropology get up in the morning to learn about? END
START what is the object of study for linguistic anthropology? END
START what is a human universal? END
START what is the study of kinship and ancestory? END
START what type of anthropology covers the formation of conflict? END
START what field studies human's past through material remains? END
START what are artifacts, faunal remains and human altered landscapes the evidence of? END
START what can archaeologists deduce from material remains? END
START what do ethnoarchaeologists gain a better understanding of by studying living human groups? END
START how are long dead human groups presumed to have lived and behaved as compared to still living populations? END
START what is the study of humanity? END
START what creates patterns of past humane behavior? END
START what do ethnoarchaelogist study to get a better understanding of past humane goups? END
START what subdivision of anthropology seeks to understand the process of human communications? END
START what problems does linguistic anthropology bring linguistic methods to bear on? END
START what is the analysis of linguistic forms and processes linked to? END
START what related fields do linguistic anthropologists draw on? END
START what subdivision of linguistics studies human communication? END
START what is the analysis of of linguistic anthropology? END
START what related fields draw on linguistic anthropology? END
START what is a cultural phenomenon?  END
START what have several anthropologists noted about western artistic endeavors and their place in non-western contexts? END
START what formal features in objects do anthropologists of art focus on? END
START when was art as cultural system penned? END
START what is the trend to transform the anthropology of 'art' into an anthropology of? END
START what is a central problem of the study of art? END
START what categories of art do not exixt in most wester contests? END
START when did boas write the way of the masks? END
START what have anthropologists triet to turn the anthropology of culturally specific aesthetics into? END
START when did greetz write primitive art? END
START what type of anthropology tries to understand the social aspects of mass media? END
START media production and media reception are examples of what type of context? END
START what type of anthropology involves the relatively new area of internet search? END
START media such as a radio and television have started to make their presences felt since what years? END
START following audiences in their everyday responses to media is encompassed by what type of context? END
START what is the study of mass media? END
START what type of anthropology involves the internet and roboticas? END
START what form of media began to lose its presence in the 1990's? END
START what type of anthropology concerns itself with the study of photography and film? END
START what are performances, art, and the production of mass media grouped under? END
START what cultures' visual representations are included in visual anthropology? END
START what term is visual anthropology sometimes used interchangeably with? END
START what type of anthropology involves photographers? END
START what type of representation does ethnographic film study? END
START what term has replaced visual anthropology? END
START which branch of anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior? END
START economic anthropology covers what scope of human economic behavior? END
START what is economic anthropology highly critical of? END
START who was the polish-british founder of anthropology? END
START what is economic anthropology mostly focused upon? END
START what type of anthropology attempts explain human finances? END
START what study focuses on the history of human economics rather than culural? END
START what alternative to gift-giving exchange did mauss study? END
START what school of thought did marx found? END
START what does political economy in anthropology apply historical materialism to? END
START what did political economy introduce questions of to theories of social structure and culture? END
START who were the original affluent society? END
START what do peasants make up the vast majority of in the world? END
START what have political economists most recently focused on the issues of? END
START what field of study removes historical materialism from the traditional concernsw of anthropology? END
START what did political economy introduce to quwestions of history and coloialism? END
START who makes up only a small part of the world's population? END
START who has helped spread capitalism around the world? END
START what type of anthropology is used to analyse and find solutions to real world problems? END
START what do the instrumental methods of applied anthropology produce? END
START what type of action does applied anthropology initiate? END
START what side of anthropology is applied anthropology? END
START included in applied anthropology is researcher involvement as well as activism in what communities? END
START what refers to the study of the methods and theries of anthropology? END
START what produces methods of applied anthropology? END
START what is the creative side of anthropology? END
START what is distincly different than development anthropology? END
START what perspective does development anthropology view development from? END
START what does development anthropology involves doing a lot of? END
START development anthropologists would like to know why if a goal is to alleviate poverty, that poverty is doing what? END
START when it comes to plans and outcomes, what do development anthropologists look at between them? END
START what does a lot of planned development apparently do? END
START what tends to view development from a positive perspective? END
START what field of anthropology has a goal to eleviate poverty? END
START what looks for the connections between plans and outcomes? END
START what type of development rarely fails? END
START what can refer to the study of patterns in human cultures? END
START what has developed a number of related concepts and terms? END
START when has anthropology developed related terms? END
START what does it mean if people are related by descent? END
START kinship patterns can included people who are relatives by what cultural ritual involving the exchange of rings and sometimes dowry? END
START what is the study of human culture? END
START what has developed a number of unrelated concepts and terms? END
START what type of patterns onlyrefer to people related by descent? END
START what type of anthropology focuses on a political agenda rather than on contributing to science? END
START what does feminist anthropology self-reports as seeking to reduce in research findings? END
START what do feminist anthropologists claim their research helps to correct? END
START what are feminist anthropologists centrally concerned about? END
START what type of anthropology do feminist anthropologists inclusively specialize in? END
START what is a single field approach to anthropology? END
START what seeks to reduce female bias in research? END
START who's experiences are similar to white european and american feminists? END
START what perspectives have been historically regarded as valid? END
START what division of anthropology concerns itself with food security? END
START nutritional anthropologists investigate the interplay between economic systems and what? END
START if environmental changes in a community affect access to food, then there is an eventual connection to what? END
START what affects overall health status? END
START what can having ready access to food affect the overall potential development of? END
START what part of anthropology deals with food production? END
START what investigates the interplay between culture and food security? END
START what effects overall nutritional status> END
START what can affect acess to food? END
START what subfield of anthropology studies mental processes?  END
START what does psychological anthropology particularly focus on in a particular culture group? END
START what aspects define a cultural group? END
START what shapes processes of human cognition? END
START psychological anthropology examines how our models of social processes are informed by what? END
START what subfield of anthropolgy studies mental health? END
START where does pysychological anthropology defocus on human development and enculteration? END
START what shapes cultural groups? END
START what type of anthology deals with patterns of shared knowledge? END
START what methods and theories do cognitive anthropologists use to explain cultural innovation? END
START what are two examples of methods and theories of cognitive science? END
START cognitive anthropologists want to know how the way people perceive and related to the world around them is linked to what? END
START what seeks to explain pattterns of aquired knowledge? END
START what do cognitive anthropologists use to explain cognitive sciences? END
START what are two examples of methods and theories of cognitive anthropology? END
START what type of anthropology is interested in the structure of political systems? END
START from what basis do political anthropologists examine the structure of political systems? END
START when did the new development of a stateless society come about? END
START the presence of states, bureaucracies and markets makes for what type of social setting? END
START who did a comparative work on a balinese state? END
START what field of anthropology concerns the stucture of governments? END
START political anthropology was primarily concerned with the politics of strong what? END
START political anthropology turned from complex socities to what? END
START when did the study of stateless societies begin? END
START what type of anthropology originated as a sub-focus group? END
START when did the division of cyborg anthropology originate? END
START what the sub-group of cyborg anthropology very closely related to, in addition to sts? END
START who published a cyborg manifesto? END
START what does cyborg anthropology study about humankind and technological systems humans have built? END
START what type of anthropology began in europe in 1993? END
START when did the study of cyborg technology begin? END
START what did harway write in 1993? END
START which sub-specialty of anthropology takes an active role in looking at how humans interact with their environment? END
START what is the focus of most of the field work in environmental anthropology today? END
START what do many characterize the new perspective as being more informed with? END
START the data interpretation of environmental anthropology can be used to prevent what type of exploitation? END
START who does melissa checker have a relationship with? END
START what field examines the environment and its affect of life? END
START what was the first focus of field work in environmental anthropology? END
START what does the observer never become part of? END
START how does an someone interested in ethnohistory learn more about cultures and customs? END
START ethnohistory can study the history of what types of groups which may or may not exist today? END
START what does ethnohistory use both historical and ethnographic data as? END
START what do the methods of ethnohistory go beyond the standard use of? END
START who recognizes the utility of music, folkore and language? END
START what is the study of modern customs? END
START what extinct groups does ethno history study? END
START what does ethnohistory form the foundation for? END
START what division of anthropology is concerned with poverty? END
START who is fond of quoting a remark from the 1960s? END
START what is a stereotype of traditional anthropologists?  END
START how many principles approaches are there in urban anthropology? END
START one would be studying how the dynamic of a city is affected if one were looking directly at different what? END
START what is the study of modern cities? END
START who was often quated in the 1960's? END
START what is a new steryotpe of anthropologists? END
START what is anthrozoology also known as? END
START what is the study of interaction between living things? END
START what does the field of anthrozoology overlap with? END
START what type of effects are a major focus of the anthrozoologic research? END
START what are some of the diverse range of fields scholars come to anthrozoology from? END
START what is the study of animals? END
START what focuses on the positive affect of animals on humans? END
START what fields developed from anthrozoology? END
START what branch of anthropology studies human behavior and the relation between primates? END
START what is evolutionary anthropology  based in? END
START which humans does evolutionary anthropology concern itself with the biological and cultural evolution of? END
START what type of approach is evolutionary anthropology based on? END
START what evidence does evolutionary anthropology draw on to understand the human experience? END
START what type of anthropology commitment is noticing and documenting genocide? END
START what is the proper term for circumcision? END
START what are good topics to attract the attention of an anthropologist? END
START nutritional deficiencies and colonialism are just two theories of the root cause of man's inhumanity towards whom? END
START why can one find thousands of anthropological references to the topics? END
START what were boas' peers doing in the 1940s? END
START what groups formed the axis forces? END
START what did many anthropologists serve in? END
START the office of strategic services is an example of what type of posting during the war? END
START why are several anthropologists dismissed from their jobs, according to david h. price? END
START what do groups of anthropologists object to the use of anthropology for benefit of? END
START what type of briefings are forbidden for members of certain anthropologist bodies to give? END
START what has the asa identified as being ethically dangerous? END
START who penned a "statement of professional responsibility"? END
START secret research and reports are things which should never be what? END
START who often emphasises the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state? END
START what permits antropologists to give secret briefings? END
START what does the aaa's current statment of professional responsibility no longer say? END
START what has the asa identified as being ethical? END
START who are anthropologists working with along with other social scientists?  END
START what are the anthropologists part of? END
START what efforts focus on better understanding and meeting of local needs in afghanistan? END
START where are hts teams working with the military in addition to afghanistan? END
START what does the aaa feel is incompatible with working with the military? END
START who is working with the un militalry in afghanistan?? END
START what focuses better focuses on meeting national needs in afghanistan? END
START where are hts teams considering working beside afghanistan? END
START what does the aa believe ethics are compatible with? END
START what type of anthropologist is interested in human variation? END
START what would an idea shared by virtually all human cultures be considered? END
START where can participant observation take an anthropologist? END
START to be able to do fieldwork, an anthropologist must first travel to what? END
START articles can published once what type of samples have been taken? END
START who are interested in human variations and similarities to other organisms? END
START what are ideas shared by the dominite culture? END
START what kind of observations are made in and artificial environment? END
START what kind of work do anthropologists do with communities in a lab setting? END
START how do anthropologists typically like to divide up the world? END
START how has human time on earth been divided up? END
START olduwan, mousterian, and levalloisian are all types of what? END
START mapping cultures is central to both the sciences of anthropologists and who else? END
START what is a central part of the science of anthropology? END
START who divides the world y theoretical emphasis? END
START who likes to divide their projects into relevent time periods and geographic regions? END
START what helps anthropologists understand major trends in human culture? END
START what is divided into relevant cultural traditions based on art? END
START what do some authors state anthropology developed as the study of? END
START a past society would be an other culture separated by what temporal aspect? END
START what other cultures are said to be separated by space, what is actually meant? END
START who published a book with unnecessarily long title, "exploring the city: inquires toward an urban anthropology"? END
START when did anthropologists stop looking for cultures far away and instead began to "look across the tracks"? END
START what do some authors argue developed as the study of western culture in terms of time and space? END
START when did anthropologist specializing in other culture start searching in the "third world"? END
START what has become common for social anthropologists to do since the 1980s? END
START setting research in the north atlantic region allows looking at connections between locations rather than being limited to what? END
START what has there been a shift toward broadening the focus beyond? END
START what setting have anthropologists done more research in recently? END
START governmental and nongovernmental organizations and businesses are all settings which are fair game to do what in? END
START where has ethnographic research become less common since the 1980's? END
START what often limits research to a certain local? END
START who has norrowed the focus to the daily life of ordinary people? END
START what settings is reasearch increasinly moving away from? END
START what is the states rank in size? END
START what is its rank in popularion? END
START how many ranges are part of the rocky mountains? END
START where does the state's name come from? END
START what year was the state tree selected? END
START when was the state tree actually assigned? END
START what year was the state animal selected? END
START what is the state animal of montana? END
START what is the state fossil END
START when was the state song composed? END
START what is montana's motto?  END
START what does montana's motto mean? END
START when was the motto adopted? END
START when was the state flower adopted? END
START what is the state flower for montana? END
START how much of the states population does the "big 7" have? END
START how many counties does montana have? END
START what city in montana has over 100,000 people? END
START what two cities have a population over 50,000? END
START where does the state's name mean? END
START what did the spanish call this region? END
START what is the total area of montana? END
START what state does montana border to the south? END
START what state does it border to the west? END
START where are most of the states mountain ranges? END
START how much of the state is prarie? END
START which direction do the rivers flow near the triple divide peak? END
START where does the saskatchewan river empty into? END
START how high is the beartooth plateau? END
START what is thie highest point in the state? END
START how high is granite peak? END
START how many seats do democrats hold in the state us senate's seats? END
START how long has the single congressional district been republican? END
START what is the split in the state senate controller by the republicans? END
START what is the split in the state house of representatives? END
START in elections, what is montana considered? END
START what year was the last democrat for president supported? END
START how often has montana voted for a democratic governor? END
START how often does montana voted for a democratic president? END
START what is the name of the busiest airport in montana? END
START when did bozeman airport surpass billings logan as the largest busiest in montana? END
START what is the states largest railway? END
START how long have railroads been important since in montana END
START what is the name of the big game hunting foundation in montana? END
START what season is black bear hunting allowed? END
START what two predators can be hunted in specific numbers? END
START since when has montana been a destination for trout fisheries? END
START what fishing organization has its home here? END
START what type of fisheries does the state have? END
START what robert redford movie was shot here in 1002? END
START when was the montana territory formed? END
START when was the first formal school on record? END
START how much were students charged per week? END
START when did the first public school in virginia city formed? END
START how many miles of rivers are known for high class trout? END
START what bay do rivers from montana feed? END
START where do the watersheds divide at? END
START what ocean do rivers flow into from montana? END
START what rivers form the missouri river? END
START near where do the rivers form up for the missouri river merging? END
START which direction does the water flow in this area? END
START which year was the fort peck reservoir designated a national scenic river? END
START which direction does the yellowstone river flow through the national park? END
START where does the yellowstone meet the missouri river? END
START how many named lakes are there in montana? END
START what is the name of the largest freshwater lake in western united states? END
START what is the name of the largest reservoir in the state? END
START what river is the fort peck reservoir on? END
START about how much area do forests cover the state? END
START how many different types of fish are diverse to montana? END
START what type of bear does montana have the highest population of? END
START how many endangered species are in montana? END
START how many species of game fish have hunting seasons? END
START what is the annual precipitation? END
START how much precipitation does heron recieve? END
START how much precipitation does the  grinnell glacier recieve? END
START how many tax brackets does montana have? END
START what is the highest tax bracket in montana? END
START does montana have a sales tax? END
START about how many native americans live in montana? END
START when was the indian appropriations act passed? END
START what year was the dawes act passed? END
START where are the little shell chippewa headquartered? END
START about what percentage of the native americans in montana live off the reservation? END
START what is the largest european-american race in montana? END
START what was helena originally founded as? END
START what percentage of the population in montana are native peoples? END
START what three counties are native americans a majority? END
START between what years did the native population increase by 27.9% END
START in what year did many cities in montana set heat records? END
START what month was the hottest ever recorded? END
START what problem has substantially increased in its severity? END
START what year was the hellgate treaty formed? END
START who negotiated the hellgate treaty? END
START what year was the treaty ratified? END
START what did the treaty establish? END
START what was the name of the first us army post? END
START where was camp cooke situated? END
START what year was the great sioux war? END
START what year did the battle of bear paw happen? END
START what is the official language of montana? END
START what percentage of the population in montana speak english? END
START what is the second most common language spoken in montana? END
START how about many spanish speakers are there in the state? END
START about how many people in the state of montana speak cheyenne? END
START what percent of the state is white? END
START what percent of the state is native american indian? END
START hispanics account for what percentage of monatanas population? END
START what was the population of the state in 2015? END
START how much did the population increase since 2010? END
START what county saw the largest growth? END
START what city saw the largest growth? END
START what year was jeannette rankin vote against war the first time? END
START when did she vote a second time against war? END
START what were conscientious objectors sent to montana to do? END
START about how many bison were in montana in 1870? END
START in 1884 about how many bison remained? END
START who pleaded to congress for slaughtering bison? END
START what year did general sheridan approach congress about killing bison? END
START when did the northern pacific railroad reach montana from the west? END
START when did the northern pacific railroad reach montana from the east? END
START what years were the railroad challenged by chief sitting bull? END
START what year was the great white sioux war? END
START when was the transcontinental national pacific railroad finished? END
START when was the first constitutional convention held in montana? END
START why was this constitutional convention held? END
START when was the second constitutional convention held? END
START what year was montana's statehood approved? END
START what other three states were approved in the same year? END
START what year did the homestead act provide land to settlers? END
START how much land did the homestead act allow? END
START what year was the first homestead claim claimed? END
START when was the desert land act passed? END
START how much land did the desert land act allot? END
START how much was the charge per acre at first? END
START who promoted settlement in montana in the early 1900s END
START in what year was the reclamation act passed? END
START what year was the enlarged homestead act passed? END
START how much land was alloted in the new enlarged homestead act? END
START when did congress pass the espionage act? END
START when was the sedition act passed? END
START what were these acts make do to laws? END
START how many people were arrested from the montana act? END
START how many of the 200 arrested in the montana act were convicted? END
START how many montanans entered the miltary in the first year of the war? END
START how many montanans joined the military in the war total? END
START about how many montanans  died in the war? END
START who trained at the military grounds in montana? END
START where were air bases built in montana? END
START what does punjab mean? END
START how many provinces does pakistan have? END
START how large is punjab? END
START what is punjab's population? END
START what is punjab's biggest city? END
START what is the population of lahore? END
START what is the largest city in india? END
START what is the area of pakistan? END
START what does pakistan mean? END
START how many provinces does india have? END
START what plain is punjab in? END
START what are the indus river's tributaries? END
START how much of pakistan's large-scale manufacturing is in punjab? END
START how much of pakistan's small-scale manufacturing is in punjab? END
START what crops does punjab grow? END
START how many mountain regions does punjab have? END
START where is the alluvial plain located? END
START which tributary is located in the north? END
START what is pakistan's main export? END
START what percentage of the large scale manufacturing takes place in lahore? END
START how large is punjab compared to the other three provinces? END
START what is pakistan's largest province? END
START how many square miles is punjab? END
START what indian states are on the east side of punjab, pakistan? END
START what pakistani province is south of punjab? END
START what is balochistan's land area? END
START what borders balochistan to the northeast? END
START what is east of balochistan? END
START what is west of islamabad? END
START where does islamabad rank in terms of province size in pakistan? END
START which province in pakistan borders the other 3 provinces? END
START what is pakistan's capital? END
START how many rivers are in punjab, pakistan? END
START what is the easternmost river in punjab? END
START how much of pakistan's population lives in punjab? END
START what is faisalabad the capital of? END
START how many rivers are in multan? END
START what percentage of the pakistan population resides in sargodha? END
START what does the p in the acronym punjab represent? END
START what does the s in pakistan stand for? END
START how many departments does the punjab administration have? END
START who heads each government department? END
START who do the provincial ministers report to? END
START who do the provincial secretaries report to? END
START what rank is the chief secretary? END
START what is the civil servant designation for the chief minister? END
START who does the chief minister report to? END
START what is the number of attached departments that report to secretaries? END
START what is the rank of a provincial minister? END
START what does the chief minister send to the chief secretary? END
START what was punjab formerly known as? END
START what ancient civilization lived in punjab? END
START when was punjab part of the indus valley civilization? END
START what was the major indus city in punjab? END
START what were bricks taken from harrapa for the construction of? END
START what was panchanada once called? END
START when was panchanada renamed punjab? END
START when was the archaeological site at harappa discovered? END
START when did punjab comprise the gujar empire? END
START what was the major export of the kushans? END
START who has invaded punjab? END
START who founded taxila? END
START what is said to be the world's oldest university? END
START what empire was taxila a center of learning of? END
START who was chanakya? END
START who has punjab invaded? END
START what did ram found? END
START who founded takshashila university? END
START what was the centre of learning in the greek empire? END
START who was the brother of taksh? END
START where did alexander the great conquer in 10 days? END
START what wealth did alexander hope to find? END
START from which direction did alexander enter punjab? END
START who were the aspii? END
START who were the cathians? END
START what empires did south asia invade? END
START how long did it take alexander to cross the hindu kush? END
START what did genghis khan steal from south asia? END
START how many aspii were killed in battle? END
START when did alexander attack punjab? END
START what religion did punjab become? END
START what did missionary muslims build in punjab? END
START who led the umayyad army? END
START where did the umayyads conquer? END
START who did the umayyads defeat? END
START who was raghunath rao? END
START who did rao conquer in 1758? END
START when was the third battle of panipat? END
START who ruled most of the eastern part of peshawar? END
START who captured part of the maratha empire in 1761? END
START when did timur conquer lahore? END
START who was the son of timur shah durrani? END
START when was the second battle of panipat? END
START what did ahmad shah abdali invade in 1758? END
START who captured multan in 1761? END
START when did sikhism begin? END
START in which empire did many hindus become sikhs? END
START when did ahmad fight at akora khattak? END
START when did ahmad fight at balakot? END
START who won at balakot? END
START when did the mughal empire begin? END
START who led the sikhs in the late eighteenth century? END
START how long did the afghan empire last? END
START what muslim conquered punjab? END
START how many years did the fight between muslim and sikh troops last? END
START when did ranjit singh die? END
START what did ranjit singh's death cause? END
START when was part of punjab annexed into british india? END
START when was the second anglo-sikh war? END
START what was the last territory added to british india? END
START when was maharaja ranjit singh born? END
START when did the first anglo-sikh war end? END
START what was the name of the british official stationed in lahore? END
START what was the name of the territory annexed in 1849? END
START how many of the local resistance were killed in the 1857 rebellion? END
START when did india and pakistan fight in punjab? END
START what is kahuta an important location for? END
START where does punjab have major military bases? END
START when did india and pakistan begin serious peace talks? END
START who visits nankana sahib? END
START when did punjab fight against india? END
START when was sargodha built? END
START where is nankana sahib? END
START when did trade between people become common? END
START what is the name of india's nuclear program? END
START when do monsoons traditionally happen in punjab? END
START when did punjab's weather pattern become unpredictable? END
START how hot do newspapers say it has gotten in punjab? END
START what was the record heat spike in multan? END
START when was the record heat spike in multan? END
START when did the first monsoon appear in punjab? END
START what is the temperature in may? END
START what is the highest temperature recorded during a barsat? END
START the onset of what appears in october? END
START official estimates rarely go under what? END
START what is punjab's major language? END
START how is punjabi written? END
START what is the largest ethnic group in pakistan? END
START what minimum percent of each punjab district speaks punjabi natively? END
START where is saraiki usually spoken? END
START what language has official recognition in punjab? END
START punjabi is the mother-tongue of less than what percentage of the population? END
START urdu is the major language for what province? END
START what is the standard form of urdu? END
START what is primarily divided by social stratifications? END
START who elects the chief minister? END
START in what year did sharif become cm? END
START when was sharif re-elected cm? END
START what kind of legislature is the provincial assembly? END
START how many seats are in the provincial assembly? END
START who elects members of the provincial assembly? END
START when was the provincial assembly elected? END
START what election removed sharif from office? END
START how many seats are reserved for muslims? END
START what article established the chief minister? END
START how much has punjab's economy grown since 1972? END
START how much of pakistan's gdp came from punjab in 2000? END
START how much of pakistan's gdp came from punjab in 2010? END
START what manpower does punjab provide? END
START how much did punjab's economy grow in 2008-09? END
START how has pakistan's economy changed since 1972? END
START what percentage of pakistan's economy is agriculture? END
START what has the smallest economy in pakistan? END
START what percentage of the manufacturing sector did punjab account for in 2007? END
START what was the total gdp growth of pakistan in 2002-03? END
START what geographic feature does punjab not have? END
START what medical product does punjab manufacture? END
START what transportation products does punjab manufacture? END
START how much of pakistan's paper products does punjab manufacture? END
START how much of pakistan's sugar does punjab manufacture? END
START which province has an extended coastline? END
START what percentage of textiles does punjab export? END
START what percentage of pakistan's sugar mill plants are located in punjab? END
START what type of machinery does punjab not produce? END
START what percentage of agricultural machinery does punjab manufacture? END
START what kind of climate does punjab have? END
START who built punjab's irrigation system? END
START what are punjab's largest crops? END
START what are punjab's secondary crops? END
START what calendar do punjab's farmers use? END
START what calendar do punjab farms no longer use? END
START who did punjab create an irrigation system for? END
START punjab has the largest crop of what in the world? END
START what is the name of one of their vegetables? END
START what aspects of punjab's climate make it perfect for agriculture? END
START what kind of problem caused riots in june 2012? END
START how long were cities without electricity in june 2012? END
START where were there riots in june 2012? END
START which energy companies' offices were attacked by rioters? END
START when was pakistan's electricity problem solved? END
START how long was the rioting on 17 june 2012? END
START what city houses the offices of fesco? END
START which energy supplier rioted? END
START who was responsible for the load shedding? END
START what kind of inscriptions decorate punjab's burial places? END
START when did rukn-e-alam die? END
START when did gardezi die? END
START when was ahangar's tomb built? END
START what color tile was used in ahangar's tomb? END
START where does the structure of a mosque come from? END
START what colour is the tomb of shah yusuf gardezi? END
START when did emperor shah jahan live? END
START where was emperor shah jahan buried? END
START who built lahore fort? END
START what are urs? END
START when are urs held? END
START what genre of music is played at urs? END
START where is buksh's shrine? END
START where is zakria's shrine? END
START what are sufi saints called? END
START where do devotees come from? END
START what do the saints do at an urs? END
START who created the mystic messages? END
START who started the urs? END
START what is punjab's biggest festival? END
START where is the national horse and cattle show held? END
START what happens at the national horse and cattle show? END
START which district does not have exhibitions? END
START the biggest festival does not have what kind of competition? END
START which festival is damaging the province's rural roots? END
START what does the lahore festival discourage? END
START what famous tomb is in lahore? END
START where was nanak born? END
START who was the first sikh guru? END
START what famous hill stations are in punjab? END
START what famous mosque is in punjab? END
START where are jahangir's gardens? END
START which city houses the sihk shrines? END
START taxila has become a major centre of what in the modern age? END
START what city is the murree hill nearby? END
START who was born in harrapa? END
START who are some well-known punjab poets? END
START what is allah ditta lona wala's career? END
START who is the 'queen of music'? END
START when was alam lohar an important punjabi folk singer? END
START when was sultan bahu popular? END
START what was ustad amanat ali khan's nickname? END
START what poet was most prolific during 1930 to 1979? END
START when was alam lohar born? END
START folk singers created classical whats? END
START what kind of music does malika pukhraj perform? END
START what do punjab folk songs often reflect? END
START who sings about the joy of living? END
START what does heer ranjha sing about? END
START what kind of music does roshen ara begum perform? END
START what is the name of the singer that sings songs representing the rains? END
START who wrote songs after the style of sammi? END
START what type of songs are limited to a set number of moods? END
START what tends to be less popular with the people? END
START what songs use the same styling? END
START how many miles east of richmond is williamsburg? END
START how many kilometers west of charlottesville is richmond? END
START leaving washington dc, what cardinal direction would one travel to reach richmond? END
START what is richmond's southwestern suburb? END
START where is short pump located in relation to richmond? END
START what was the nationality of the people who settled richmond in 1609? END
START in what year was the current city of richmond founded? END
START what famous speech did patrick henry give in richmond? END
START in what building did patrick henry give his famous speech? END
START who was the author of the virginia statute for religious freedom? END
START along with law and finance, what is a major component of richmond's economy? END
START what circuit of the us court of appeals is based in richmond? END
START how many circuit courts of appeal are there in the united states? END
START how many federal reserve banks exist? END
START along with meadwestvaco, what fortune 500 company is based in richmond? END
START what did patrick henry's famous speech persuade virginians to send delegates to? END
START what was the capital of virginia prior to richmond? END
START what general led the troops that burned richmond? END
START who led the militia that defended richmond? END
START who was the governor of virginia in 1781? END
START who aided jefferson in designing the virginia state capitol? END
START in what year was the virginia state capitol finished? END
START what was the capital of virginia circa 1786? END
START what notable document was authored by thomas jefferson in 1786? END
START in what year could richmond first be said to have recovered from the destruction of the american revolution? END
START what man-made body of water was designed in part by george washington? END
START to where was the canal designed by washington intended to ferry water? END
START to what city was henry brown shipped as freight? END
START what was henry brown's nickname? END
START what sort of economic center was richmond in the wake of the american revolution? END
START on what date was virginia's secession from the union? END
START after leaving the union, what nation did virginia join? END
START along with 1864-5, what year notably saw us campaigns directed at richmond? END
START what was the name of the biggest factory in the confederate states of america? END
START what was the name of the first ironclad warship that saw combat? END
START what is another name for the confederacy's executive mansion? END
START how far away from the confederate executive mansion was the virginia state capitol? END
START who commanded the union armies during the seven days battles? END
START where was petersburg located in relation to ford stedman? END
START 5000 men represented what fraction of general lee's army? END
START on what road did the us army sixth corps shatter the confederate line? END
START what general commanded the attack on fort stedman? END
START in what month of 1865 was richmond judged to be no longer able to be defended? END
START what was contained in warehouses that were notably burned by confederates when evacuating richmond? END
START what general received the surrender of richmond? END
START on what day did the confederacy surrender richmond to the union? END
START by what means did davis leave richmond? END
START what percentage of richmond was destroyed by fire after the confederate evacuation? END
START what was the date before the day lincoln entered richmond? END
START how many soldiers did lee have remaining when he surrendered? END
START to what state did davis travel after lee surrendered? END
START in what structure did lee surrender to grant? END
START how many years did davis spend in fort monroe? END
START what mode of transportation took over from the canals? END
START what sort of railroad crossing was first built at richmond? END
START who was the inventor of the cigarette-rolling machine? END
START from what city did james bonsack originate? END
START what was the name of the first american trolley system powered by electricity? END
START when the 1900s began, how many people lived in richmond? END
START how many square kilometers was richmond at the start of the 20th century? END
START what percentage of richmond's 1900 population was african american? END
START what was another name for richmond's jackson ward? END
START who was the inaugural president of the st. luke penny savings bank? END
START when did the so-called downtown boom in richmond end? END
START about how many structures were built in richmond during the downtown boom? END
START what combined with the richmond professional institute to form virginia commonwealth university? END
START in what direction did richmond's borders expand in 1970? END
START people of what county did not want to join richmond circa 1970? END
START how many square kilometers is richmond? END
START how many square miles of richmond is water? END
START what percentage of richmond is made up of water? END
START in which of virginia's regions is richmond? END
START along with the james and the chickahominy, what is a notable river in the area near richmond? END
START what neighborhood is located in between church and shockoe hill? END
START what richmond neighborhood is home to the jefferson hotel? END
START what neighborhood of richmond contains st. john's church? END
START what is fairfield court? END
START in what year was the richmond street grid first developed? END
START the neighborhood of newtowne west is north of what street? END
START along with newtowne west, to what neighborhood is carver regarded as having comparable demographics? END
START what richmond street contains a notable amount of victorian buildings? END
START in what part of richmond is the virginia museum of fine arts found? END
START what is the primary race of the population of the randolph neighborhood? END
START what name is given to the part of richmond located to the south of the james? END
START along with the affluent, what is the socioeconomic class of the inhabitants of the southside? END
START what notable public housing projects are present in the southside? END
START prior to joining richmond, what county was a significant portion of southside part of? END
START what is the economic status of the manchester part of richmond? END
START what is richmond's köppen climate classification? END
START how could one characterize the winters in richmond? END
START what geographic feature keeps some cold inland air from reaching richmond? END
START in what month of the year does richmond's chilliest weather typically end? END
START about how many days a year does the temperature in richmond go above 32 degrees celsius? END
START what season in richmond is most likely to see periods of dryness? END
START how many times does richmond receive 7.6 centimeters or more of snow in a 24 hour period annually? END
START about how many centimeters of snow does richmond experience in the fall? END
START during what span of 2010 did snowfall remain for a significant amount of time on the ground in richmond? END
START what types of ice storms sometimes hit richmond? END
START what is the most likely month for the james to flood richmond? END
START what month sees the lowest likelihood of the james flooding? END
START in 1955, richmond was hit with three hurricanes in how many weeks? END
START in 1955, what two hurricanes occurred within a week of one another? END
START what hurricane hit richmond in 2004? END
START in 2000, how many families lived in richmond? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in richmond per square kilometer? END
START what percentage of the richmond population of 2000 was pacific islander? END
START what was the largest racial group in richmond as of 2000? END
START in 2000, what percentage of richmond residents were multiracial? END
START what crime notably increased in richmond over the course of the 1980s? END
START in 1985, how many people were murdered in richmond? END
START how many people per 100,000 were murdered in richmond in 1990? END
START how many murders occurred in richmond in 1995? END
START what is the oldest presbyterian church in richmond? END
START who was a notable congregant at second presbyterian church? END
START what architectural style was second presbyterian church built in? END
START on what date did the oldest catholic church open in richmond? END
START in what year was richmond's first baptist church founded? END
START along with chabad of virginia, what is the other orthodox synagogue in richmond? END
START what grades does the rudlin torah academy serve? END
START what sect of judaism is rudlin torah affiliated with? END
START what are the names of the conservative synagogues in richmond? END
START how many synagogues in the reform tradition are present in richmond? END
START where did richmond's nation of islam members initially meet? END
START on what street is masjid bilal located? END
START what was masjid bilal previously known as? END
START what year saw the establishment of the islamic center of virginia? END
START on what street can shabaaz restaurant be found? END
START how many indian-descended families lived in or around richmond in 2011? END
START what does cci stand for? END
START in what county can cci be found? END
START what road is cci near? END
START along with cci, what is the other hindu gathering place near richmond? END
START what federal court is located in richmond? END
START along with philip morris and capitalone, what prominent corporation is present in richmond? END
START what type of business is leclairryan? END
START when did the troutman sanders-mays & valentine llp merger occur? END
START how many federal reserve banks exist in the united states? END
START how many square meters of space does virginia biotechnology research park consist of? END
START what does the united network for organ sharing do? END
START what was the cost of the philip morris r&d facility opened at the virginia biotechnology research park? END
START when did philip morris' r&d facility open? END
START what virginia commonwealth university campus is near virginia biotechnology research park? END
START what periodical called richmond "the next great american food city"? END
START according to southern living, what are the three best restaurants in richmond? END
START how many microbreweries exist in richmond? END
START what was the first microbrewery to set up shop in richmond? END
START when was james river distillery founded? END
START what movie, which filmed in richmond, featured daniel day-lewis? END
START who notably appeared in killing kennedy? END
START on what television channel can the show turn be seen? END
START when will mercy street first be shown on television? END
START what channel is killing kennedy on? END
START according to marketwatch, where did richmond rank among cities for business? END
START what did marketwatch think was the fourth best city for business? END
START what type of business is dominion resources? END
START prior to moving to the richmond area, where was altria's headquarters located? END
START what company moved to richmond from connecticut? END
START where is suntrust bank headquartered? END
START what city is the headquarters of mckesson located in? END
START who owns philip morris usa? END
START what dupont factory is located in the richmond area? END
START what was the former name of ups freight? END
START what architectural style was the 1919 broad street union station constructed in? END
START how far away from the virginia center for architecture is the children's museum of richmond? END
START what district of richmond is the virginia historical society located in? END
START what museum is next to the science museum of virginia? END
START in what former industrial facility is the richmond national battlefield park visitors center located? END
START what government building is the museum of the confederacy located near? END
START what is another name for the davis mansion? END
START on what richmond street did general lee live for a while? END
START where are the reconciliation statues outside richmond located? END
START what office was held by the inhabitant of the john marshall house? END
START how many united states presidents are interred in hollywood cemetery? END
START who gave a speech that contained the famous saying "give me liberty or give me death"? END
START where did patrick henry deliver his memorable speech? END
START what was the nickname of bill robinson? END
START near what park is the monument dedicated to the person traditionally regarded as discovering america? END
START how many bells are contained in the world war i memorial carillon? END
START the dead of what war were the first to be commemorated by the virginia war memorial? END
START in what neighborhood is the monument to bill robinson located? END
START what notable project was funded by richmond's "admissions tax"? END
START along with blues and bluegrass, what is a type of folk music traditional to virginia? END
START along with busking and itinerant folk shows, what is an example of venueless art? END
START along with hamilton glass and el kamino, who is a mural artist local to richmond? END
START what periodical has attempted to attract internationally known mural artists to richmond? END
START what richmond street art gathering has brought mural artists to the city? END
START in what city did lewis hallam present shakespeare's plays? END
START what family of actors notably performed in 19th century richmond? END
START what is virginia museum theater known as today? END
START during what decade did the virginia museum most significantly work to promote theater in richmond? END
START what disaster destroyed many of the early buildings in richmond? END
START what percentage of richmond's buildings were burned in a single fire in 1865? END
START prior to what year was the patterson-schutte house built? END
START what is the name of the era from which the building housing the edgar allan poe museum dates? END
START what state has the oldest capital building used continuously since it was built? END
START what architectural style was used to design the virginia state capitol? END
START what notable federal government buildings were designed in the neoclassical style? END
START what is the architectural style of the 1845 egyptian building? END
START who were the designers of the virginia state capitol? END
START what architectural style was used to design branch house? END
START who designed branch house? END
START what is another name for broad street station? END
START what style of architecture was used in the design of union station? END
START who designed the commonwealth club? END
START what united states city has the most cast iron architecture? END
START in what year did iron production in richmond peak? END
START how many more iron workers than construction workers were being employed in richmond in 1890? END
START along with jackson and monroe wards, what neighborhood notably features cast-iron fences? END
START who was the designer of the federal reserve building? END
START who designed the general assembly offices at the eighth and main building? END
START what architectural style was the rice house designed in? END
START what university was landis gores associated with? END
START who did landis gores design a home for? END
START what native american tribe at one time lived on belle isle? END
START during what conflict was belle isle used as a prison? END
START between brown's island and belle isle, which is bigger? END
START on what island does the james river beer and seafood festival take place? END
START how often does friday cheers take place on brown's island? END
START what part of richmond is maymont close to? END
START how many kilometers long is the track in byrd park? END
START how many monuments can be found in byrd park? END
START in what year was the world war i memorial carillon constructed? END
START what was previously located at the present location of forest hill park? END
START what sport do the washington redskins play? END
START what sport do the richmond kickers compete in? END
START with what major league baseball team are the richmond flying squirrels associated? END
START what is the home ground of the richmond kickers? END
START where did the richmond braves move to? END
START when did the rir begin to host the capital city 400? END
START when did the suntrust indy challenge stop being run at rir? END
START in what direction does one travel from richmond to reach southside speedway? END
START what is the shape of southside speedway? END
START along with "the action track," what is a nickname of southside speedway? END
START what company owns the company that owns the richmond times-dispatch? END
START how many people buy the richmond times-dispatch on sunday? END
START what newspaper is published by landmark communications? END
START before switching to its current publication schedule, how often was rva magazine published? END
START along with the voice, what is richmond's black-oriented news publication? END
START per nielsen, how many homes exist in the richmond-petersburg dma? END
START where does the richmind-petersburg dma rank in the united states? END
START with what network is wupv 65 affiliated? END
START what type of channel is wcvw 57? END
START what richmond-area station is affiliated with cbs? END
START how many representatives make up the richmond city council? END
START what official is in charge of richmond's executive branch? END
START how many years does the term of a richmond city council representative last? END
START on what day of the week does the city council meet? END
START in what month does the city council not meet? END
START what is a. carl prince's religious affiliation? END
START what is the current mayor of richmond? END
START in what year was the first black baptist minister elected to the city council? END
START in what district did a. carl prince win election to the city council? END
START what political organization supported the city council candidacy of a. carl prince? END
START how many high schools are there in richmond? END
START how many primary and secondary school students attend school in richmond? END
START for whom is the governor's school in richmond named? END
START where was richmond's governor's school rated by newsweek in 2012? END
START when did patrick henry school of science and arts open its doors? END
START what type of university is the university of richmond? END
START what is a for-profit university in richmond? END
START what does btsr stand for? END
START where is john tyler community college located? END
START what is richmond's public university? END
START how many kilometers away from richmond is richmond international airport? END
START about how long does it take to drive from richmond international airport to williamsburg? END
START how many airlines operate out of richmond international? END
START what percentage increase in passenger traffic did richmond international experience between 2005 and 2006? END
START what direction do you travel to get from richmond to sandston? END
START what is the street address if the greyhound bus terminal in richmond? END
START how long does a bus trip from richmond to new york city take? END
START what is the lowest fare on megabus? END
START how much did the department of transportation give to richmond for its rapid transit system? END
START what city in maryland does megabus travel to? END
START what counties does the grtc link to richmond? END
START along with short pump, what comprises the far part of the west end? END
START according to a grtc report, what is an example of what most of its riders lack? END
START what is grtc an initialism of? END
START what station services all southern rail traffic passing through richmond? END
START what is the name of the railroad station inside richmond proper? END
START in what year was richmond's railroad station renovated? END
START along with williamsburg, what city's rail traffic uses the main street station? END
START why does the main street station only receive rail traffic from newport news and williamsburg? END
START who is richmond's electricity supplier? END
START how many states does dominion virginia power operate in? END
START along with surry nuclear generating station, what is richmond's main electricity generator? END
START in what town is a coal-fired plant that provides power to richmond located? END
START what type of power plant is darbytown? END
START how many kilometers of sewer lines exist in richmond? END
START how much water is contained in shockoe retention basin? END
START how many richmond inhabitants get their water from the wastewater treatment plant? END
START how much sewage and stormwater can the treatment plant adjacent to the james river treat daily? END
START of the huge amount of microorganisms, how many cause disease in otherwise healthy individuals? END
START interplay between pathogens and defenses of hosts results in what? END
START what does the severity of a disease resulting from a pathogen depend on? END
START what can a host's immune system do to a host? END
START what do clinicians classify infectious microorganisms according to the status of? END
START how many microorganisms cause repair in otherwise healthy individuals? END
START what is prevented by interplay between pathogens and attacks of hosts? END
START what does the level of an achievement resulting from a pathogen depend on? END
START what can a host's immune system allow from a host? END
START what do clinicians ignore the status of when they classify infectious microorganisms? END
START what is one way of proving that a given disease is infectious? END
START what must an infectious agent only be identified in to satisfy the first of koch's postulates? END
START what is koch's second postulate? END
START why can't koch's postulates be applied ethically for many human diseases? END
START what is the causative spirochete of syphilis?  END
START what is one way of proving that a given disease is safe? END
START what must an infectious agent not be identified in to satisfy the first of koch's postulates? END
START what is koch's worst postulate? END
START why can koch's postulates be applied ethically for many reptile diseases? END
START what is no longer the causative spirochete of syphilis? END
START when are infectious diseases called contagious diseases?  END
START what is a contagious disease a subset of? END
START what sets a contagious disease after from a standard infectious disease? END
START diseases with vector transmission or sexual transmission don't often require what type of isolation? END
START what is not always respected in popular use? END
START when are infectious diseases called impossible diseases? END
START what is a contagious disease more important than? END
START what sets a contagious disease equal to a standard infectious disease? END
START what is always respected in popular use? END
START when does infection begin? END
START what group is not easily infected? END
START what group of humans have increased susceptibility to chronic or persistent infections? END
START what individuals are particularly susceptible to opportunistic infections? END
START what is it called when a pathogen grows within the host cells? END
START when does infection become unstoppable? END
START what group is never infected? END
START what group of humans have no susceptibility to chronic or persistent infections? END
START what individuals are particularly safe to opportunistic infections? END
START what is it called when a pathogen explodes within the host cells? END
START what does wound colonization refer to? END
START what type of organisms exist and injure tissue in infected wounds? END
START what are all multcellular organisms colonized to some degree by? END
START what species colonizes the mammalian colon? END
START what's the difference between an infection and a colonization? END
START what does wound colonization mean to avoid? END
START what are few multicellular organisms colonized to some degree by? END
START what type of organisms tickle and heal tissue in infected wounds? END
START what's the only similarity between an infection and a colonization? END
START what rodent colonizes the mammalian colon? END
START why is it difficult to now which chronic wounds are infected? END
START what is there limited quality data for evaluating despite the huge number of wounds seen in a clinical practice? END
START what is increased pain an indicator of? END
START what does not rule out infection? END
START why is it easy to know which chronic wounds are infected? END
START what is there unlimited quality data for evaluating despite the huge number of wounds seen in a clinical practice? END
START what is reduced pain an indicator of? END
START what will always rule out infection? END
START what is rarely seen in clinical practice? END
START disease can arise when an organism inflicts what on the host? END
START what can a microorganism cause tissue damage by releasing a variety of? END
START what does the of toxin clostridium tetani releases do? END
START what releases toxins which product shock and sepsis? END
START what percentage of people infected with polio develop disease? END
START when an organism prevents what from the host a disease can arise? END
START what can a microorganism repair tissue damage by releasing a variety of? END
START what does the toxin clostridium tetani release help avoid? END
START what releases toxins which produce joy and euphoria? END
START what disease similarly to creutzfeldt–jakob has never resulted in death? END
START why do persistent infections occur? END
START what are persistent infections characterized by the continual presence of? END
START how can some viruses main a persistent infection? END
START what never leave the body when acquired? END
START where does the herpes virus hide? END
START why do persistent infections never occur? END
START what are persistent infections characterized by the continual absence of? END
START how can some viruses cure a persistent infection? END
START what always leave the body when acquired? END
START where does the herpes virus avoid? END
START what does diagnosis of an infectious sometimes involve identifying?  END
START many minor infectious diseases are diagnosed by what type of presentation? END
START how are minor infectious diseases treated? END
START what can be identified given sufficient effort? END
START why is it often not worth bothering to identify an infectious agent? END
START what does diagnosis of an infectious always involve ignoring? END
START how are many minor infectious diseases diagnosed illegally? END
START how are all infectious diseases treated? END
START what can be identified given no effort? END
START why is it always worth it to identify an infectious agent? END
START how is diagnosis of infectious disease almost always initiated? END
START what does taking a culture of an infectious agent isolated from a patient allow? END
START what features of an infectious organism does a culture allow examining? END
START what can organisms be directly identified by? END
START what technique can be used to produce images of internal abnormalities? END
START how is diagnosis of infectious disease rarely initiated? END
START what does taking a culture of an infectious agent isolated from a patient restrict? END
START what features of an infectious organism does a culture forbid examining? END
START what can organisms never be directly identified by? END
START what technique can be used to produce images of external abnormalities? END
START what type of culture is a principal tool used to diagnose infectious disease? END
START what type of medium is provided for a specific agent in a microbial culture? END
START what are most pathogenic bacteria easily grown on? END
START what is it called when a visible mound forms on the surface of a plate? END
START what is a region of dead cells resulting from viral growth called? END
START what type of hammer is a principal tool used to diagnose infectious disease? END
START what type of medium is not typically provided for a specific agent in a microbial culture? END
START what are most pathogenic bacteria unable to grow on? END
START what is it called when an invisible mound forms on the surface of a plate? END
START what is a planet of dead cells resulting from viral growth called? END
START what are live animals required by? END
START what can mycobacterium leprae and treponema pallidum be grown in? END
START what type of eggs may some viruses be grown in? END
START what is xenodiagnosis? END
START what is it difficult to demonstrate the presence of in chagas disease? END
START what are live animals unnecessary for? END
START what can mycobacterium leprae and treponema pallidum never be grown in? END
START what type of eggs may no viruses be grown in? END
START what does xenodiagnosis avoid doing? END
START what is simple to demonstrate the presence of in chagas disease? END
START what is microscopy used for? END
START what do virtually all culture techniques rely on at some point? END
START what can samples obtained from patients viewed directly under? END
START when is microscopy exquisitely specific? END
START what can antibodies with artificial fluorescence be directed to do?  END
START what is microscopy unnecessary for? END
START what do virtually no culture techniques rely on at some point? END
START what can samples obtained from patients be viewed by from far away? END
START when is microscopy exquisitely useless? END
START what are antibodies with artificial fluorescence unable to do? END
START what do almost all cells readily stain with? END
START why do cells easily stain with dyes? END
START what electronic charge do cellular molecules have? END
START what is geimsa stain? END
START how many methods comprise standard approaches used to classify bacteria and diagnose disease? END
START what do few cells readily stain with? END
START why do cells have difficulty staining with dyes? END
START what electronic charge do cellular molecules destroy? END
START how many methods comprise unorthodox approaches used to classify bacteria and diagnose disease? END
START what is the rarest method used to classify bacteria and to diagnose a disease? END
START what needs to be isolated from infected tissue to provide a biochemical diagnosis of an infectious disease? END
START what enzyme's presence is characteristic of specific types of viral infections? END
START what does the protein hemagglutinin bind together? END
START why are the presence of certain enymzes a tell tale sign of a virus? END
START what needs to be combined with infected tissue to provide a biochemical diagnosis of an infectious disease? END
START what enzyme's absence is characteristic of specific types of viral infections? END
START what does the protein hemagglutinin pull apart? END
START why are the presence of certain enzymes a sign of good health? END
START what methods are highly sensitive, specifc and rapid tests used to identify microorganisms? END
START what are serological tests based upon the ability of an antibody to do? END
START what is the antigen bound to by the antibody usually? END
START what does the binding set off that will result in something visibly obvious in various ways? END
START what is the causative agent of "strep throat"? END
START what methods are highly sensitive, general and slow tests used to identify microorganisms? END
START what are serological tests based upon the ability of an antibody to avoid? END
START what is the antigen bound to by the antibody usually not part of? END
START what does the binding set off that will result in something invisible in various ways? END
START what is the special agent of "strep throat"? END
START what are immunoassays? END
START what type of signal do immunoassays produce? END
START what allows quantitation of the target antigen? END
START immunoassays are able to detect what type of proteins? END
START what are immunoassays banned from being? END
START what type of signal do immunoassays absorb? END
START what stops quantitation of the target antigen? END
START what type of proteins are undetectable by immunoassays? END
START what does the acronym pcr expand to? END
START what will be the ubiquitous gold standards of diagnostics in the near future? END
START what has the catalog of infectious agents grown to the point of? END
START what must an infectious agent do to cause disease? END
START what are primers derived from the genomes of? END
START what does the acronym pcr abbreviate to? END
START what be the silver standards of diagnostics in the distant future? END
START what has the catalog of infectious agents decreased to the point of? END
START what must an infectious agent prevent to cause disease? END
START what are primers excluded by gnomes? END
START what technological ability with regards to detection is currently available?  END
START what are the remaining blockades to the use or pcr as a standard tool of diagnosis? END
START what are some diseases which won't benefit from pcr methods? END
START pcr can't detect the presence of any bacteria when what doesn't occur? END
START what supernatural ability with regards to detection is currently available? END
START what are the remaining blockades to the removal of pcr as a standard tool of diagnosis? END
START what are some diseases which help improve pcr methods? END
START which blockades to use pcr are currently insurmountable? END
START what diseases are considered fundamentally biological healing? END
START what is used in the treatment of aids? END
START how was the course of aids followed? END
START what could be done by understanding how the disease was transmitted? END
START what did the genotypic identification of hiv later enable? END
START what is now commonly used to identify hiv in healthy people before the onset of the illnes? END
START what is used as a punishment for aids? END
START how was the course of aids hidden? END
START what could be in danger by understanding how the disease was transmitted? END
START what did the genotypic identification of hiv later prevent? END
START what is now rarely used to identify hiv in healthy people before the onset of the illness? END
START what can wearing gowns and face masks help prevent? END
START what is the most important defense against the spread of unwanted organisms? END
START avoiding drugs and using condoms are other forms of what? END
START why is it important to cook foods well? END
START what should one do with foods that have been left outside for a long time? END
START what can wearing gowns and face masks help facilitate? END
START what is the least important defense against the spread of unwanted organisms? END
START what are consuming drugs and avoiding condoms considered a form of? END
START what does a balanced diet and regular exercise make impossible? END
START what should one do with foods that have not been left outside for a long time? END
START recognizing the different characteristics of various diseases is one way to do what? END
START what are some critical disease characteristics that should be evaluated? END
START what virus' strains incapacitate their victims extremely quickly before killing them? END
START why is the initial stage of ebola not very contagious? END
START what does the low virulence of hiv allow victims to do? END
START what does recognizing the different characteristics of various diseases allow someone to increase? END
START what are some critical disease characteristics that should not be evaluated? END
START what virus' strains strengthen their victims extremely quickly before killing them? END
START why is the initial stage of ebola so contagious? END
START what does the extreme virulence of hiv allow victims to do? END
START recognizing the effects of small-world networks allows one to decrease what? END
START what type of interactions happen within groups of infected individuals in epidemics? END
START what is a way of drastically reducing infection rates? END
START what is an example of a success implementation of preventing transmission jumps? END
START when was vaccination used to prevent the spread of the foot-and-mouth virus? END
START what does recognizing the effects of small-world networks allow one to increase? END
START what type of interactions stop within groups of infected individuals in epidemics? END
START what is a way of drastically harming infection rates? END
START what is an example of a successful implementation of increasing transmission jumps? END
START when was vaccination used to prevent the spread of the foot-and-neck virus? END
START what is resistance to infection known technically as? END
START when may immunity be acquired? END
START what is knowledge of protective antigens more complete for? END
START what does herd immunity offer to vulnerable people when a large enough proportion of the population has acquired immunity? END
START vaccination is a way in which what may be acquired? END
START what is resistance to infection known informally as? END
START when may immunity be the best? END
START what is knowledge of protective antigens forbidden for? END
START what does herd mentality offer to invulnerable people when a tiny proportion of the population has acquired immunity? END
START what is the only way to lose immunity? END
START what can the clearance of pathogens be influenced by in an individual? END
START what is the brand name pegasys for? END
START what are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the il28b gene more likely to achieve? END
START what can the increase of pathogens be stopped by in an individual? END
START what are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the il28b gene always going to achieve? END
START what disease has no known treatment? END
START what can only be induced by treatment and not spontaneously? END
START what type of drugs can suppress an infection when it attacks the body? END
START how many broad types of anti-infective drugs exist? END
START what depends on the method an antibiotic is given? END
START how are severe infections of the brain usually treated? END
START how do antibiotics work? END
START what type of drugs can worsen an infection when it attacks the body? END
START how many broad types of anti-infective drugs no longer exist? END
START what has no influence on the method an antibiotic is given? END
START how are severe infections of the brain usually damaged? END
START how do antibiotics harm the body? END
START what are the top three killer diseases? END
START how much have deaths due to hiv/aids increased? END
START what are some popular childhood diseases? END
START who makes up a large percentage of diarrheal deaths? END
START what is the number 4 leading cause of death in the world? END
START what are the top three healing diseases? END
START how much have births due to hiv/aids increased? END
START what are some recently cured childhood diseases? END
START who makes up no percentage of diarrheal deaths? END
START what is the number 4 leading cause of life in the world? END
START what medical field does the treatment of infectious diseases fall into? END
START disease propagation can fall under the purview of what field of study? END
START who tends to initially diagnose an infection? END
START what is the non-medical mumbo jumbo term for pulmonologist? END
START who works with both patients and general practitioners to identify a disease? END
START what psychological field does the treatment of infectious diseases fall into? END
START what field of war can disease propagation can fall under the purview of? END
START who tends to initially ignore an infection? END
START what is the imaginary term for a pulmonologist? END
START who fights with both patients and general practitioners to identify a disease? END
START what have a number of studies found a correlation between? END
START what is higher pathogen load associated with? END
START what does avoidance of other groups reduce? END
START what does more restricted sexual behavior result in? END
START what may poor socioeconomic factors ultimately in part be due to? END
START what have a number of studies found no correlation between? END
START what is no pathogen load associated with? END
START what does avoidance of other groups promote? END
START what does sexual behavior have no influence on? END
START what is the only cause of poor socioeconomic factors? END
START what profession finds evidence of infection in fossil remains to be interesting? END
START what do paleopathologists study? END
START what has been discovered in the bones of carnivorous dinosaurs? END
START what dinosaur's skull had pit-like wounds surrounded by swollen and porous bone? END
START how did tyrannosaurs become infected? END
START what profession finds evidence of infection in fossil remains to be pointless? END
START what do paleopathologists avoid researching? END
START what has been discovered in the blood of carnivorous dinosaurs? END
START what dinosaur's femur had pit-like wounds surrounded by swollen and porous bone? END
START how did tyrannosaurs become invincible? END
START what is the practice of killing or trapping any animal? END
START why do humans most commonly hunt wildlife? END
START what is there a distinction between lawful hunting and? END
START what is poaching? END
START what is the species which is hunted referred to as? END
START what is the practice of killing or trapping any animal called? END
START illegally killing, capturing or trapping an hunted species is called what? END
START hunted species are usually referred to as what? END
START what animals are usually hunted? END
START what is it called to kill or trap an animal? END
START what species are usually hunted? END
START why do humans hunt? END
START when was lawful hunting distinguished from poaching? END
START species hunted are referred to as what?  END
START what do feral animals usually eat? END
START what tactics do feral animals use to find prey? END
START in what year were feral animals first categorized? END
START what kinds of animals are usually considered feral? END
START  what does wildlife have to compete with humans to find? END
START what does evidence suggest hunting may have been a factor in the extinction of? END
START what was the north american megafauna extinction coincidental with? END
START what are humans thought to have played a significant role in, in australia? END
START when was australian's megafauna widespread? END
START what along with multiple environmental factors led to the extinction of the holocene megafauna? END
START what replaced the holocene megafauna? END
START what event was coincidental with the north american megafauna extinction?  END
START what is thought to have played a significant role in the extinction of the australian megafauna? END
START what event was australia's megafauna extinction coincidental with? END
START what did human occupation lead younger dryas to be replaced with? END
START what event was megafauna found to be less involved in than previously thought? END
START what was widespread before prehistoric species existed? END
START what event was caused by smaller herbivores in the area? END
START what is undisputed about early humans? END
START hunting was important for the emergence of the homo genus from what? END
START production of stone tools and control of fire were also pushed forward by what? END
START what became a theme of stories and myths? END
START hunting allowed what type of rituals? END
START what is undisputed about earlier humans? END
START what did hunting become a theme of? END
START stone tools and control of fire are emphasised in what hypothesis?  END
START what kind of activity would require the use of fire for early humans? END
START mating behavior was important for the emergence of homo genus from what? END
START what did omnivory become a theme of for early man? END
START what was animal sacrifice considered to be as part of the emergence of modern humans? END
START what is undisputed about animals that were sacrificed? END
START what type of lifestyle was prevalent in siberia until the european age of discovery? END
START where does the hunter-gathering lifestyle persist, though in decline? END
START indigenous peoples of the amazonas preserved what until the recent past? END
START who are the only remaining full-time hunter-gatherers in africa? END
START hunter-gathering lifestyles remained prevalent until when? END
START what parts of the new world did the hunter-gathering lifestyles remain? END
START who are the only remaining full-time hunter-gatherers in africa? END
START what age began in africa that ended hunter-gathering lifestyles? END
START what has happened to australian society to cause it to fail? END
START who are the only remaining full-time hunter gatherers in australia? END
START in what parts of the new world do uncontacted peoples live? END
START what lifestyle did the age of discovery preserve in the amazonas? END
START what is louis binford's profession? END
START what idea did binford take issue with? END
START what did binford conclude humans were instead of hunters? END
START what idea did blumenschine propose? END
START what does confrontational scavenging involve doing to other predators after they've made a kill? END
START who is the archaeologist that does not believe early humans were hunters? END
START louis binford concluded what based on skeletal remains of consumed animals? END
START what did robert blumenschine propose? END
START louis binford's idea is popular among whom? END
START confrontational scavenging involves doing what to other predators? END
START what idea was criticized by robert blumenschine? END
START what did robert blumenschine analyze to reach his conclusion that humans were hunters? END
START what group is the idea of humans being hunters popular with? END
START what is the first step humans would use when hunting an animal? END
START what would early humans be able to obtain when hunting? END
START what was a significant contributor to the human food supply? END
START what did the supplementary meat from hunting include? END
START what was the leather from hunting used for? END
START rocks and spears are examples of some of man's earliest what? END
START where is hunting still vital? END
START hunt was a significant contributor to what? END
START where is hunting still vital? END
START why is hunting still vital in marginal climates? END
START how are the skins of sea mammals useful for people in the arctic trap? END
START what did development of agriculture significantly contribute to? END
START what did the inuit people first develop in the arctic when meat was scarce? END
START what would the inuit people use to decorate their clothing? END
START what would the inuit women sometimes use to make jewelry? END
START what was the preferred weapon of the inuit people for hunting? END
START what are kings often depicted as on ancient reliefs? END
START what are the kings portrayed as hunting? END
START how was the cultural importance of hunting in ancient societies represented? END
START what could the mythological association of prey species with divinity be a form of? END
START what might the meaning of euripides' tale be seen as a caution against? END
START kings were depicted as hunting what big game from a chariot? END
START what is often related to hunting? END
START deities represent what importance? END
START what tale is seen as cautions against disrespecting prey or impudent boasting? END
START what was the main god worshipped in mesopotamia? END
START what deities came after cernunnos in mesopotamia? END
START what animal is associated with the greek diana? END
START how is euripdes often shown as hunting from? END
START what is the tale in mesopotamia about the horned god cernunnos a caution against? END
START who in medieval europe obtained the sole rights to hunt in certain areas of a feudal territory? END
START what was game in the  areas used by the upper class used as a source of? END
START what legends show the importance of the proprietary view of game as held by the nobles? END
START what is one of the primary charges against the outlaws in the legend? END
START what did anglophone settles take gloried pride in? END
START in medieval europe who obtained sole rights to hunt in certain areas? END
START what was the game in feudal territory was used as? END
START who provided the game obtained in feudal territory? END
START the importance of can be seen in what legends? END
START who did anglophone colonies democratically glorify hunting for? END
START what activity is everyone allowed to do in the feudal territory of medieval europe? END
START what was only the aristocracy allowed to do in anglophone colonies? END
START what type of huntsman were active in anglophone colonies? END
START what was another reason the aristocracy participated in hunting in anglophone colonies? END
START what legend was started in the anglophone colonies by the aristocracy? END
START what kind of occupation do hindu scriptures describe hunting as being? END
START what is one of the names of the god shiva? END
START what is the translation of mrigavyadha? END
START what does shiva destroy in human beings? END
START what talent does dasharatha have? END
START what scriptures describe hunting as and acceptable occupation? END
START godly figures have engaged in what activity? END
START mrigavyadha means what? END
START mrigavyadha destroys animal instinct in who? END
START what happened after krishna was accidentally wounded by an arrow of a hunter? END
START how was shiva accidentally wounded to later die? END
START what does ramayana destroy in animals? END
START how is krishna said to be able to hunt? END
START who did krishna mistake for game and accidentally kill? END
START where was krishna exiled to? END
START who has hunting been forbidden to since early christian times? END
START who forbid to all servants of god hunting? END
START what pope was the fourth council of the lateran held under? END
START what does the decree of the council of trent imply? END
START what type of hunting is unlawful? END
START who was forbidden to hunt in early christian time? END
START what forbid hunting in the woods with hounds and keeping hawks or falcons? END
START who held the fourth council of the lateran? END
START how is the the decree of the council of trent is worded? END
START who stated quiet hunting is allowed? END
START what kinds of birds were kept by pope innocent iii? END
START what kind of hunting was legal under the corpus juris canonici? END
START what did the council of trent decree forbid servants of god from taking expeditions through the woods with? END
START what pope was the decree of the council of trent held under? END
START what does the corpus juris canonici imply to differentiate between types of hunting? END
START what distinction is undoubtedly permissible? END
START what can a bishop absolutely prohibit? END
START where did synods prohibit all hunting at? END
START what did benedict xiv declare about decrees prohibiting hunting? END
START who can prohibit hunting to the clerics? END
START declaration that decrees are not severe was done by who? END
START what did synods at milan, avignon, liege, cologne, and elsewhere do? END
START what happens if a bishop takes part in hunting? END
START in what areas was it allowed for bishops to hunt? END
START what did benedict xiv say allowing hunting conformed to? END
START who was the only pope who took part in quiet hunting? END
START what law was put in place to protect the right of hunting by benedict xiv? END
START what does new zealand have? END
START what was the only land mammal native to new zealand? END
START why were game animals introduced by acclimatisation societies? END
START why did the population of pigs and rabbits explode in new zealand? END
START what do government agencies view the animals as? END
START what country has a strong hunting culture? END
START what were the the only land mammal in new zealand? END
START what is new zealand made up of? END
START game animals were introduced here by whom? END
START what resulted having no natural predators for the animals introduced? END
START what mammal was the only one that existed originally in europe? END
START what were bats originally used for in europe? END
START what kind of culture does europe have? END
START what group introduced pigs to europe? END
START how do acclimatisation societies in europe view bats? END
START what was hunting regarded as in british india? END
START what does the indian word "shikaris" mean in english? END
START what did british officers maintain whole corps of? END
START why did the regals recruit low-ranking local tribes when hunting? END
START what could a bengal tiger be hunted from the back of? END
START where was hunting reguarded as a regal sport? END
START what is hunted from the back of an elephant? END
START who did british officers maintain? END
START who were the shikaris headed by? END
START why were low-ranking local tribes recruited? END
START what was shikari regarded as in british india? END
START what is the definition of maharaja? END
START what two things were needed to successfully hunt an elephant? END
START what country had the largest population of elephants in the world? END
START who did local tribes work with when taking down a bengal tiger? END
START what norms are generally antagonistic to hunting? END
START what sect lays special emphasis on conservation of particular species? END
START what bans the killing of all wild animals in india? END
START who may permit a person to hunt animals in india despite it being banned? END
START whose property does the body of any wild animal killed or wounded become? END
START who lay special emphasis on conservation of particular species? END
START what bans the killing of all wild animals? END
START what year was this protection act put into place? END
START who can permit a person to hunt wild animals? END
START what happens to the body of the wild animal killed? END
START what group of people was first discovered in 1972? END
START what have the bishnoi banned the killing of since 1972? END
START what act was drafted to ban the killing of only antelope? END
START what becomes the property of the bishnoi if its killed or wounded? END
START in what year did the antelope population first start to decline? END
START what type of hunting is most closely associated with the uk? END
START how do the english hunt foxes? END
START in england, what is hunted when "shooting" is called for? END
START why were foxes originally hunted? END
START how is deer stalking with rifles carried out? END
START what hunting is done on horseback with hounds? END
START hunting horseback with hound is associated with whom? END
START in victorian times a popular social activity was? END
START what is carried out on foot without hounds? END
START hounds were used for what purpose? END
START what was deer stalking with rifles originally a form of? END
START what did deer stalking originally aim to protect? END
START in what time did deer stalking become popular? END
START what group did deer stalking become popular with? END
START what kind of activity was deer stalking considered for both riders and followers? END
START what does shooting in britain require little questing for? END
START about how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year in the uk? END
START what kind of affairs can shoots be? END
START who uses swinging sticks or flags to drive game out? END
START what is the glorious twelfth in the uk? END
START about how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year? END
START who swings sticks or flags to drive game out? END
START when does open season for grouse begin in the uk? END
START what is the uk definition of game is governed by? END
START why are assistants used? END
START how many people have taken part in shooting in the uk since 1831? END
START on what day do assistants need to have gun safety training? END
START what is another name for the game act? END
START in what year did factory farms first legally begin production in the uk? END
START what is another name for a gun placed in position? END
START what law primarily regulates hunting? END
START what additional type of law applies in the case of migratory birds and endangered species? END
START what varies widely from state to state? END
START what do some states make a distinction between? END
START what do hunters of protected species require in all states? END
START how is hunting regulated? END
START migratory birds and endangered species are protected by what law? END
START what hunters require a hunting license in all states? END
START what is sometimes a prerequisite of obtaining a hunting license? END
START what law regulates the elimination of vermin? END
START in the case of vermin, what additional type of law applies? END
START what do hunters of vermin need to have in all states? END
START what do you need to complete before you can hunt vermin? END
START what do state regulations govern regarding hunting vermin? END
START what is required when hunting big game? END
START tags are purchased in addition to what? END
START what is typically limited to an individual? END
START a wildlife management unit is a place where what may be restricted to? END
START what kind of stamp is required to hunt migratory waterfowl? END
START when hunting big game what is typically required? END
START what must be purchased with hunting license is comes in a limited number? END
START how are tags assigned if there are more hunters than game? END
START what is required of hunting migratory waterfowl? END
START who issues requirement for hunting migratory waterfowl? END
START what do you need to obtain a fishing license? END
START how many people are recruited to work at the fish and wildlife service each year? END
START if there are more applicants than positions at the fish and wildlife service how do they choose prospective employees? END
START where do fish and wildlife employees usually work? END
START what limits how many employees can work at the fish and wildlife service each year? END
START how is gun usage typically regulated? END
START what often specify a minimum caliber or muzzle energy for firearms? END
START why is the use of rifles often banned? END
START why may regulations ban the use of lead in ammunition? END
START why are specific seasons for bow hunting established? END
START why are the use of rifles banned? END
START how is gun useage regulated? END
START what is specified in big-game hunting? END
START by what category is bow hunting regulated? END
START why would the use of a bow for hunting be banned? END
START in what areas is bow hunting banned? END
START what do certain seasons for the use of rifles try to limit? END
START why is firearm muzzle energy often limited? END
START what is hunting in the u.s. not associated with? END
START what percentage of americans supported legal hunting in 2006? END
START what percentage of americans actually hunted at the beginning of the 21st century? END
START what percentage of midwesterners hunted? END
START how much did the number of hunters over the age of sixteen decline in the period between 1996-2006? END
START what percentage of americans support legal hunting? END
START what percentage of americans actually hunted at the beginning of the 21st century? END
START south easterners hunted at what rate? END
START midwesterners hunted at what rate? END
START what years did hunting decline? END
START what are recreation habits not associated with in the us? END
START how many americans were over the age of sixteen in the 21st century? END
START from 1996-2006 what percentage of americans moved to the midwest? END
START in 2006 what percentage of americans had been to the eastern seaboard? END
START what percentage of states in the midwest had habitat loss on farms? END
START when do hunting regulations date from in the us? END
START what do some modern hunters see themselves as? END
START what organizations provide hunter education and help protect the future of the sport? END
START ducks unlimited and the delta waterfowl are examples of groups representing what? END
START what do many hunting groups participate in doing at the federal and state level? END
START what do modern hunters see themselves as? END
START who provides hunter education? END
START what do hunting groups also participate in? END
START what century is u.s. regulations dates from? END
START in what century was the crockett club founded? END
START what group did theodore roosevelt belong to in the 19th century? END
START what did boone participate in at the federal and state level? END
START what do lobbyists see themselves as? END
START when was pheasant first hunted in the us? END
START how much money is distributed to state agencies to support wildlife management programs each year? END
START how much money has the sale of federal duck stamps raised since 1934? END
START how many acres can the money raised from the sale of federal duck stamps help purchase? END
START what do states use some of the money from hunting licenses to assist with? END
START what is a key task of state park rangers and game wardens? END
START who are federal excise taxes are distributed to? END
START what do the taxes support? END
START how much has federal duck stamps raised? END
START what does land has federal duck stamp money helped purchase? END
START park rangers and game wardens enforce laws and regulations related to what? END
START in what year was the national wildlife refuge system created? END
START how much money has been spent to hire park rangers since 1934? END
START what is a key task of state agencies since 1934? END
START what is the annual budget of the national wildlife refuge system? END
START how many acres of land were for sale in the us in 1934? END
START what is varmint hunting an american phrase for? END
START what does varmint hunting achieve?  END
START what detrimental effects are varmint species often responsible for visiting on? END
START where has a non-native rodent known as a nutria become very destructive? END
START what has the state of louisiana done to combat the nutria? END
START what is phrased for selective killing of non-game animals. END
START what was once considered a varmint but is now protected? END
START what is the non-native varmint of louisiana? END
START what did louisiana initiate to control the varmint population? END
START what has the state of louisiana created to control the population of wild rabbits? END
START what were crows once categorized as but are not longer considered to be? END
START what are nutria often used for when hunted? END
START what does having livestock cause detrimental effects on when you own a farm? END
START what does having livestock help achieve the control of? END
START when was internet hunting introduced? END
START how did internet hunting allow people to hunt? END
START who criticized the practice of internet hunting? END
START what did hunters feel hunting over the internet violated? END
START what has the nra always maintained that being in the field with your firearm is? END
START what allows people to hunt over the internet? END
START when was this type of hunting introduced? END
START how is this type of hunting done? END
START what was the principle was this type of hunting said to violate? END
START who spoke on this violation? END
START in what year was the nra founded? END
START what practice was introduced by the nra in 2005? END
START sitting at your desk and doing what are the best ways to hunt according to the nra? END
START what are remotely controlled guns an important element of in hunting according to hunters? END
START in what year were hunters able to first become members of the nra? END
START where is there a very active tradition of hunting of small to medium-sized wild game? END
START approximately how many sport hunters applied for hunting licences in recent years? END
START what is there a very lucrative and thriving black market for? END
START what is hunting pressure from? END
START what very active tradition trinidad and tabago have? END
START what animal aids in the hunting? END
START what population has extirpated? END
START what do hunters pay to obtain hunting license? END
START what is traded on the black market in delaware? END
START what is the number of poachers located in delaware? END
START what training is needed to get a hunting license in delaware? END
START what is the state of the wildlife authority in delaware? END
START how often is hunting occurring in delaware each year? END
START what does hunting give resource managers an important tool? END
START what is carrying capacity in most circumstances determined by? END
START what do some environmentalists assert reintroducing predators would achieve? END
START how is hunting an important tool for resource managers? END
START what happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat? END
START how can hunting actually increase the population of predators? END
START what do some hunting advocates assert that is indirectly reduced among animals when intraspecific competition has been reduced? END
START what would environmentalists have done, instead of hunting? END
START what is an important tool in managing populations? END
START what is carrying capacity determined by? END
START what can it increase the population of? END
START what does animal migration help resource managers do? END
START what does animal migration threaten the well-being of? END
START who's health can be damaged by animal migration? END
START what does animal migration reduce competition for? END
START what does using migration as population control have no effect on? END
START what did sport hunters in the 19th century purse game for? END
START what was the head of an animal displayed as? END
START what happened to the rest of the animal? END
START what did some churches disapprove of? END
START what countries frowned upon this hunting? END
START what was the only goal for many european sport hunters in the 19th century? END
START what types of trophies would hunters keep as trophies to be displayed as a sign of their prowess? END
START in what countries was the hunting for trophies frowned upon, back in the day and in modern times? END
START what was hunting in north american in the 19th century used to supplement?  END
START what destinations did sport hunting see elaborate travel to in the pursuit of trophies? END
START what century was game hunted as a trophy? END
START what countries is trophy hunting frowned upon? END
START what did north america primarily hunt for? END
START what sport of hunting is in africa? END
START what did hunters in nordic countries display as a sign of prowess in the 19th century? END
START what would nordic hunters do with the rest of an animal after mounting a trophy? END
START why was hunting usually done in nordic countries in the 19th century? END
START why does hunting take place in nordic countries today? END
START in what two countries did nordic people hunt for trophies? END
START what continent did the biological conservation state trophy hunting is of major importance to the conservation of? END
START what does hunting create economic incentives for? END
START what did another study show that less than 3% of reached the local level? END
START what type of studies does the biological conservation journal publish? END
START why is trophy hunting important to conservation in africa? END
START trophy hunting can include areas which would likely be unsuitable for what other types of ecotourism? END
START how much of a trophy hunters' expenditures actually reach the local level, according to another study? END
START what thus is the level of economic incentive and benefit? END
START what is of major importance in africa? END
START what does trophy hunting create in africa? END
START how much of trophy hunters expenditures actually reach the local level? END
START what percentage of people read the journal biological conservation each year? END
START what is photographic ecotourism of major importance to in africa? END
START how does photographic ecotourism help preserve wildlife in africa? END
START what group funded the biological conservation study? END
START what did another study show that less than 3% of was used to mount trophies? END
START what do a variety of industries benefit from? END
START where is it estimated that a hunter spends fifty to one hundred times that of the average ecotourist? END
START where does the average safari hunter stay in? END
START advocates argue these hunters allow for what type of activities?  END
START what do a variety of industries obtain benefit from? END
START in what country is it estimated that a safari hunter spends fifty to one hundred times what an average ecotourist does? END
START what type of accommodations does the average photographer touring tanzania seek? END
START where does the typical safari hunter hang his hat at night? END
START where can safari hunters go which are uninviting to the less hardcore ecotourist? END
START how much does a safari hunter spend compared to an average ecotourist? END
START what does the photo tourist seek? END
START where does a safari hunter usually stay? END
START what hunters allow for anti-poaching activities? END
START what kind of camps do ecotourists usually stay in? END
START what do tented camps benefit from? END
START why do tented camps support hunting? END
START how many times a day do local communities stop poaching activity? END
START what country has the most areas that are hard to reach by car? END
START hunting has significant financial impact in what country? END
START what do many companies specialize in apropos to hunting? END
START "there's an app for that!",  what have been different technologies been created to do? END
START what broad range of backgrounds do today's hunters come from? END
START how much money did the thirteen million hunters spend on their sport in 2001? END
START what type of financial impact does hunting have on the u.s.? END
START what has been developed in the u.s. to help hunters? END
START one technology that is available for hunters in the u.s. is? END
START how much did hunters spend in 2001? END
START what do the proceeds from hunting assist with? END
START in what country was the iphone first developed? END
START how much did consumers spend on the iphone in 2001? END
START what is one cause that was most supported by iphone users in 2001? END
START how many people owned iphones in 2001? END
START how many types of technology went into the creation of the iphone? END
START what has excessive hunting contributed heavily to? END
START what do steller's sea cow, the bluebuck, and the javan tigers all have in common? END
START why have poachers killed endangered animals? END
START how have the north american cougar and asian elephant been hunted? END
START how is excessive hunting related to the extinction of species? END
START what contributes to endangerment? END
START what have poachers contributed to hunting? END
START what is the main predator of the quagga? END
START what animal was hunted mainly by javan tigers? END
START what animal could usually be found with the markhor? END
START the thylacine usually tried to avoid which animal? END
START which animal was similar to the north american cougar? END
START who signed the migratory bird hunting stamp act? END
START when did roosevelt sign the migratory bird hunting stamp act? END
START what does the act require all hunters over the age of sixteen to do? END
START what do 98% of all the funds generated by the stamp sales go to? END
START how much of the nation's endangered species is it estimated benefits from the protection afford by the duck stamp funds? END
START what act was signed in 1934? END
START what president signed this act? END
START what is the requirement of the act? END
START what do the stamps depict? END
START what percentage of the endangered species seek food and shelter in areas protected using duck stamp funds. END
START in what year was the us postal service created? END
START what president founded the us postal service? END
START on what date was the national wildlife refuge system created? END
START how many of the waterfowl in the us were endangered in 1934? END
START what is the minimum age needed to take part in the us postal service stamp art contest? END
START how much money has the sale of federal duck stamps generated since 1934? END
START how many acres has the sale of federal duck stamps helped to purchase or lease since 1934? END
START what do the stamps give the purchaser a license to do? END
START who accounts for eighty-seven percent of the sale of duck stamps? END
START who manages the distribution of the funds obtained by the sale of the stamps? END
START how much money has been generated due to the duck stamp act? END
START how much land has the duck stamp act help purchase? END
START what do the duck stamps serve as? END
START what percent of sales are contributed by hunters? END
START who manages distribution of funds? END
START in what year was the mbcc created? END
START what is needed to enter mbcc areas? END
START what does the mbcc buy a significant number of? END
START what percentage of hunters belong to the mbcc? END
START what is required to work at the mbcc? END
START what large species of antelope once made its home in the desert areas of the middle east? END
START why did sport hunters find the arabian oryx to be a worthwhile quarry to hunt? END
START when did the arabian oryx become extinct in the wild due to sport hunting? END
START how did hunters obliterate the advantage bestowed upon the oryx by evolution? END
START what animal has made a miraculous comeback and been upgraded from "extinct in the wild" to "vulnerable"? END
START what is a species of large antelope? END
START what did the large antelope species once inhabit? END
START what destroyed the arabian oryx only advantage of speed. END
START when did the arabian oryx become extinct? END
START what contributed to the arabian oryx rise from extinct to vulnerable? END
START in what year was oil first drilled for in the middle east? END
START why has the scimitar-horned oryx make a comeback? END
START what status has the scimitar-horned oryx been upgraded to? END
START what status was the addax upgraded from in 1972? END
START what feature in land areas of the middle east first attracted foreign oil executives? END
START what type of creature is the american bison? END
START what did the american bison inhabit much of prior to the 1800s? END
START what did market hunters leave the parts of the bison they didn't need to do? END
START what was the population of bison herds around prior to being eliminated by thousands of market hunters? END
START what is the current status of bison? END
START what did large herds of bison attract? END
START what part of north america did the bison live? END
START why were the bison killed? END
START what did hunter do with the rest of the bison? END
START what do bison still remain? END
START what area did market hunters come from in the 1880's? END
START how much did a bison hide cost in the 1800's? END
START what was the population of the us in 1880? END
START what areas of the us were settled first in 1880? END
START what were buildings prone to when built in a prarie area? END
START why has botswana been forced to ban trophy hunting altogether? END
START what plummeting numbers of this species caused a decline in predator numbers? END
START what species saw its numbers rising while elephant numbers remained stable? END
START what factors other than trophy hunting are responsible for the decline of wildlife in botswana? END
START what other african country has also recently banned trophy hunting? END
START what botswana was resently forced to do? END
START what animal declined across botswana? END
START what animal numbers have increased in botswana? END
START what animal numbers remain stable in botswana? END
START what else is partly to blame for the declining number of animals in botswana and uganda?  END
START what happened to antelope in uganda? END
START what happened in uganda after antelope numbers fell? END
START how was the elephant population in uganda? END
START what animal population increased in uganda? END
START what did botswana argue sport hunting wouldn't be able to stop? END
START what country is kathmandu the capital of? END
START what does upa-mahanagar mean in english? END
START along with "ktm," what is another nickname of kathmandu? END
START how many people lived in kathmandu in 2011? END
START how many square kilometers in size is kathmandu? END
START about how long has kathmandu existed? END
START what suggests that kathmandu is as old as it is? END
START what is kathmandu's majority religion? END
START what do most kathmandu residents speak? END
START what secondary language do educated people in kathmandu speak? END
START what does काष्ठ mean in english? END
START what is the english translation of mandap? END
START what do newar speakers call kasthamandap temple? END
START who was responsible for the construction of kasthamandap temple? END
START on what date was maru satal destroyed? END
START what is the ancient name of kathmandu? END
START how does कान्तिपुर transliterate into english? END
START who is also called kanti? END
START how do you say place in sanskrit? END
START what is the english translation of mahanagar? END
START according to legend, what body of water once existed on the site of kathmandu? END
START what animals notably resided in nagdaha? END
START who was the founder of manjupattan? END
START what type of creature was banasur? END
START who was banasur's murderer? END
START who was the founder of the kirata dynasty? END
START what geographical part of kathmandu did yambu once occupy? END
START speakers of what languages sometimes call kathmandu yambu? END
START where in kathmandu was yengal located? END
START what religion did the sankhu monastery belong to? END
START who won the war between the licchavis and the kiratas? END
START who did the migrating shakyas pretend to be? END
START what sect of buddhism is the only remaining one based in sanskrit? END
START who killed the shakyas? END
START under the licchavi dynasty, what name was typically used to refer to yengal? END
START kathmandu resulted from the merger of what two settlements? END
START who is kathmandu's historical founder? END
START who did chandrahrasa belong to? END
START how many barracks guarded ancient kathmandu? END
START trade between what two countries typically went through ancient kathmandu? END
START who ruled nepal after the licchavi? END
START along with khas, who attacked nepal in the early malla period? END
START what fraction of kathmandu's population died in an ancient earthquake? END
START along with the mangriha, what licchavi-era building was destroyed in an ancient earthquake? END
START what notable nepali figure died in a kathmandu earthquake? END
START how many cities were present in the kathmandu valley in the late malla period? END
START in the waning years of the malla dynasty, what fortified cities existed in the kathmandu valley? END
START what cultures influenced nepal in the later malla era? END
START what is an example of a book of medicine from the malla period? END
START when does amarkosh date to? END
START who won the battle of kathmandu? END
START what battle inaugurated the conquering of the kathmandu valley by the gorkha? END
START how many stories high was the basantapur tower? END
START what european country did bhimsen thapa oppose? END
START how many stories made up the dharahara tower? END
START what river is south of kathmandu? END
START what geographic portion of the kathmandu valley houses kathmandu? END
START about how many feet above sea level is kathmandu? END
START how large is kathmandu in terms of square miles? END
START where does the lalitpur sub-metropolitan city stand in relation to the bagmati river? END
START how many rivers travel through kathmandu? END
START where did the canal that once terminated in kathmandu originate? END
START how many feet high are the mountains from which the bagmati flows? END
START how many districts make up the kathmandu valley urban area? END
START what are madhyapur thimi, kirtipur and bhaktapur? END
START how many sub-metropolitan cities are present in the districts that make up the kathmandu valley? END
START about how many people live in a square kilometer in gonggabu vdc? END
START what is another term for vdcs? END
START what is the kathmandu valley's average temperature in winter, in degrees fahrenheit? END
START along with a subtropical highland climate, what climate classification covers kathmandu? END
START what is the köppen abbreviation for a humid subtropical climate? END
START how many meters up is the cool temperate zone? END
START how many significant climate regions exist in nepal? END
START what sort of temperature is typical on a kathmandu morning? END
START about what percentage of kathmandu's annual rainfall falls during the monsoon months? END
START on what date in 2013 was it 15.4 degrees fahrenheit in kathmandu? END
START in what months does the monsoon occur in nepal? END
START in what year did the most rain in recorded history fall on kathmandu? END
START what religion proliferated throughout central asia in part due to the efforts of lhasa newar merchants? END
START existing between what two countries contributed to kathmandu becoming a center of trade? END
START other than trade, what was the traditional basis of kathmandu's economy? END
START approximately what portion of nepal's gdp is produced by the kathmandu metropolitan area? END
START what do kathmandu residents earn per capita each year? END
START what is the gdp of kathmandu? END
START what percentage of kathmandu's economy is trade? END
START what portion of kathmandu's economy consists of agriculture? END
START approximately when did the nepalese tourism industry begin? END
START what city was connected to kathmandu via the tribhuvan highway? END
START when did construction on the tribhuvan highway begin? END
START what is the most significant industry in nepal? END
START along with buddhists, what religion's devotees visit kathmandu? END
START how many tourists visited kathmandu in the period 1961-62? END
START what event led to an increase in tourism in 2009? END
START what nepalese mountains are claimed to attract tourists? END
START what kathmandu neighborhood is noted for its abundance of tourists? END
START what neighborhood is also known as jhamel? END
START what is the traditional name for freak street? END
START what tourists first brought attention to jhocchen tol? END
START how many stars is kathmandu's grand hotel? END
START what type of hotel is aloha inn? END
START de l'annapurna is an example of what sort of hotel? END
START what attractions are present at hotel yak & yeti and the hyatt regency? END
START how many sectors make up the kathmandu metropolitan area? END
START what sector of kathmandu doesn't have the word 'sector' in its name? END
START what is the purpose of kathmandu being divided into 35 wards? END
START how many members of the council received their positions via nomination rather than election? END
START how many hectares in size is kathmandu's ward 26? END
START what is kathmandu's fire department called? END
START what year saw the founding of kathmandu's fire department? END
START when did bhaktapur receive coverage from the fire department? END
START how many fire trucks did west germany donate to kathmandu? END
START what is the mission of fan? END
START what was the population of kathmandu in 1991? END
START about how many people are likely to live in kathmandu in 2021? END
START how dense was the population of kathmandu in 1991? END
START how many acres of land did the kmc control in 2001? END
START what percentage of kathmandu residents are chettris? END
START what is the third largest ethnic group in kathmandu? END
START what are kathmandu's primary religions? END
START what kathmandu industry is particularly known for its english speakers? END
START along with nepali, what is kathmandu's main language? END
START what religion does changunarayan belong to? END
START what buddhist monuments are present at boudhanath? END
START how many acres are the kathmandu valley monument zones? END
START in hectares, how large is the kathmandu valley monument buffer zone? END
START when did the kathmandu valley monuments receive whs status? END
START where is a durban square located that is not preserved? END
START what is the oldest dynasty to be represented with buildings in kathmandu's durbar square? END
START how many temples are present in kathmandu's durbar square? END
START when did a notable earthquake occur that damaged kathmandu's durbar square? END
START how many kingdoms have buildings present in the durbar square of kathmandu? END
START what is durga called in nepali? END
START how long is kumari believed to incarnate taleju? END
START who was the royal kumari as of late 2008? END
START what type of government did nepal have after the monarchy? END
START when was the pashupatinath temple built? END
START what faith does the pashupatinath temple serve? END
START what is another name for pashupati? END
START prior to the secularization of nepal, who was the country's national god? END
START who damaged the pashupatinath temple in the 14th century? END
START what people make up the majority of pashupatinath followers? END
START in what part of india do the pashupatinath priests originate? END
START what dynasty did yaksha malla belong to? END
START who supposedly encouraged the usage of karnataka brahmin priests at pashupatinath temple? END
START what is another term for bharatam? END
START to what religion is boudhanath holy? END
START what do the newars call boudhanath? END
START what is boudhanath called in nepali? END
START how far is boudhanath from kathmandu in miles? END
START when did unesco make boudhanath a world heritage site? END
START who is pictured on the stupa's base? END
START what is ajima the deity of? END
START what are gompas? END
START visitors from what faith routinely visit the stupa? END
START what mantra is engraved on the stupa's prayer wheels? END
START in what part of kathmandu is swayambhu located? END
START what faith does swayambhu belong to? END
START other than buddhists, who worships at swayambhu? END
START in how many directions does the buddha of swayambhu look? END
START in swayambhu, what is present in the small area above the tiers? END
START kathmandu valley contains art made of metal, terracotta, wood and what other substance? END
START what is the most typical type of art in the kathmandu valley? END
START in what year could nepal be said to have been discovered by the outside world? END
START what types of deities are bhavani and durga? END
START what is sri-lakshmi a deity of? END
START by tradition, what notable figure came to nepal 250 years before the birth of christ? END
START when did the licchavi period end? END
START what is another name for the licchavi period? END
START along with the national museum of nepal, what notable nepalese museum is present in kathmandu? END
START from what time period are the oldest artifacts in kathmandu museums? END
START along with buddhism, what religion has had a significant influence on nepal? END
START what kathmandu valley area was named a world heritage site by unesco? END
START how many monument zones are present in the kathmandu valley? END
START in what area of kathmandu is the national museum? END
START what stupa is close to the national museum? END
START who built the building that contains the national museum? END
START when was the national museum founded? END
START what does chhauni silkhana mean? END
START when did tribhuvan die? END
START what was the birth year of king mahendra? END
START how many museums are in the hanumandhoka palace? END
START who was the penultimate king of nepal? END
START during what era was the hanumandhoka palace constructed? END
START where in kathmandu is narayanhity palace museum located? END
START in what year was narayanhity constructed? END
START whose marriage led to the construction of narayanhity? END
START how many acres is the narayanhity palace? END
START what god is narayana? END
START what is the taragaon museum dedicated to? END
START who is the designer of the taragaon museum? END
START in what year was the taragaon museum built? END
START what stupa is located close to the taragaon museum? END
START what was the taragaon museum prior to being a museum? END
START contemporary kathmandu art combines traditional influences with what type of art? END
START how many types are nepali works of art typically divided into? END
START what do the tibetans call traditional idealistic paintings? END
START what uk charity works on behalf of kathmandu art? END
START what do the nepalese call thangkas? END
START where can one find the srijana contemporary art gallery? END
START the moti azima gallery contains objects that might be found in a nepalese house of what time period? END
START what art gallery is located close to the durbarmarg royal palace? END
START where can the nepal art council gallery be found? END
START in which of nepal's art galleries can one take an art class? END
START how many volumes are contained in nepal's national library? END
START along with hindi, sanskrit, nepali and english, the national library contains books in what language? END
START what government department is located in the same building as the kaiser library? END
START how many volumes does the kaiser library contain? END
START who did the kaiser library's books previously belong to? END
START where can the national dance theatre be found in kathmandu? END
START what year saw the beginning of the aarohan theater group? END
START what gathering is the work of the gurukul school of theatre? END
START who constructed the theater in hanumandhoka durbar square? END
START what meat is very rarely eaten in kathmandu? END
START what animal does buff come from? END
START what people are particularly known for eating buff? END
START what cuisine notably makes use of pork? END
START what do kathmandu residents typically eat for breakfast? END
START how many restaurants in the western style were present in kathmandu circa 1955? END
START what chain restaurants are present in kathmandu? END
START how is the egg in american chop suey prepared? END
START along with locals and tourists, who eats at kathmandu's restaurants? END
START along with nepali, indian and chinese cuisines, what cuisine has been a focus of kathmandu restaurants? END
START what beverage is consumed by more people in kathmandu, coffee or tea? END
START how might a western traveler find the tea served in kathmandu? END
START what is used to make thwon? END
START what are bhattis? END
START what goes through a fermentation process to create tongba? END
START to what era do a majority of kathmandu's festivals date back to? END
START before the modern era, who mostly celebrated kathmandu festivals? END
START in what direction out of kathmandu did the khas originate from? END
START what does ghode mean? END
START in relation to kathmandu, where do the tibetans hale? END
START in addition to hindus, who regards the bagmati river as sacred? END
START what is done with hindus after they die? END
START what are done with the bodies of kirants after death? END
START in a hindu funeral, who is typically the main mourner? END
START before hindus are cremated, how many times are their bodies placed in the bagmati? END
START in what century was bhrikuti said to live? END
START when did araniko die? END
START what religion did araniko help to evangelize? END
START how many newar buddhist monasteries are present in kathmandu? END
START approximately how many monasteries in the kathmandu area are run by tibetan buddhists? END
START what type of religion is kirant mundhum? END
START who follows the kirant mudhum faith? END
START who worshipped at wanga akash bhairabh in ancient times? END
START what is another name for ancestor worship? END
START where can a temple of the jain faith be found? END
START kathmandu valley is home to about how many baha'i? END
START where is the baha'i national office located in nepal? END
START about what percentage of the nepali population follows islam? END
START about how many christian houses of worship exist in kathmandu? END
START of what university is the institute of medicine a constituent college? END
START in what part of kathmandu is the institute of medicine found? END
START when did the institute of medicine begin to offer education in medicine? END
START what does kusms stand for? END
START what institution of tertiary education is known as nams? END
START along with cricket, what sport is highly popular among nepali youth? END
START what body oversees soccer in nepal? END
START how many people can fit in dasarath rangasala stadium? END
START in what part of kathmandu is dasarath rangasala stadium located? END
START who assisted nepal in renovating dasarath rangasala stadium? END
START as of 2004, how many kilometers of road existed in nepal? END
START why is travel in kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft? END
START what highway connecting kathmandu to elsewhere in nepal is currently being built? END
START in what direction out of kathmandu does the prithvi highway travel? END
START if one wished to travel north out of kathmandu, what highway would be used? END
START what is nepal's primary airport for international travel? END
START starting in the center of kathmandu, how many kilometers must one travel to reach tribhuvan international airport? END
START how many airlines use tribhuvan international for international flights? END
START from what city does arkefly offer nonstop flights to kathmandu? END
START who operates flights between kathmandu and istanbul? END
START in what us state did kathmandu first establish an international relationship? END
START what was yangon previously known as? END
START with what belorussian city does kathmandu have a relationship? END
START in what year did kathmandu create its initial international relationship? END
START what is kmc an initialism of? END
