START what is another term for southern europe END
START what is the name for the stretch of land on which spain and portugal are located? END
START what nations are sometimes included in the scope of southern europe? END
START what area of france is considered a part of mediterranean europe? END
START what is the name for the stretch of land on which france and greece are located END
START what is another name for northern europe END
START what peninsulas are sometimes included in the scope of southern europe? END
START what area of france is considered a part of the balkan countries? END
START what countries have the same historical, political, economic, and cultural backgrounds as the rest of southern europe? END
START what are three characteristics that can be employed to characterize southern europe? END
START what are three aspects of the environment of southern europe that can be used to distinguish the region? END
START what are three characteristics that can be employed to characterize natural features? END
START what are three aspects of the environment of southern asia that can be used to distinguish the region? END
START what can be defined by its industries? END
START what area is defined by it's genealogy? END
START what methods can be used to define the southern mediterranean? END
START what kind of climate is exemplary of southern europe? END
START which parts of turkey are characterized by a mediterranean climate? END
START what are two broad categories of similarity among countries which have a mediterranean climate? END
START what climate is that of all of europe? END
START what countries have varying vegetations and landscapes? END
START which parts of greece are characterized by a mediterranean climate? END
START what are two broad categories of similarity among forests which have a mediterranean climate? END
START what kind of vegetation grows in the mediterranean? END
START where do colder areas occur within southern europe? END
START where are more moist areas found in southern europe? END
START what term can be used to describe the wet area of north spain? END
START where do colder areas occur within northern europe? END
START where are dry areas found in southern europe? END
START what term can be used to describe the wet area of northern europe? END
START the east coast of spain experiences what kind of climate? END
START where have cooler climates recently began to warm up? END
START what is a word that can be used to describe the plant life of southern europe? END
START who coined the term phytochoria? END
START who coined the term submediterranean? END
START what is a word that can be used to describe the animal life of southern europe? END
START what is found on the southern coast of bosnia? END
START in what region are southern europe's coasts found? END
START where are the arctic and subarctic climate regions in europe found? END
START what era started when ancient greek cities became self-governing entities? END
START what was the name of the different governments forming in ancient greece? END
START who was responsible for the bringing greek culture as far as asia? END
START what era started when alexander the great became a self governing entity? END
START what was the name of the different governments forming in ancient asia? END
START who was responsible for bringing asian culture to the greek? END
START where did alexander go to spread city-states? END
START what period began with alexander the great? END
START where was the headquarters of the western roman empire? END
START where was the headquarters of the eastern roman empire? END
START which tribes brought down the western roman empire? END
START what year is considered the transition between the classical period and the middle ages? END
START by what year was the roman empire split into two sections? END
START what empire dominated northern europe? END
START where was the headquarters of the northern roman empire? END
START where were the headquarters of the germanic roman empire? END
START which tribes built up the western roman empire? END
START by what year was the germanic empire split into two sections? END
START what is the eastern roman empire in the middle ages called by contemporary scholars? END
START who took over the remains of the western roman empire? END
START what did germanic people create in place of the western roman empire? END
START what is the western roman empire in the middle ages called by contemporary scholars? END
START who took over the remains of the eastern roman empire? END
START what did roman people create in place of the western roman empire? END
START what empire was located in western europe? END
START what empire doubled in size during the middle ages? END
START what is the name of the period of armed incursions undertaken in the name of christianity? END
START when did crusaders invade constantinople? END
START which two cities benefited greatly from the activities of crusaders? END
START what was the name of another activity like the crusades occuring on the iberian peninsula? END
START what empire was destroyed by the sack of constantinople? END
START what is the name of the period of peaceful incursions undertaken in the name of christianity? END
START when did the byzantine empire invade constantinople? END
START which two cities were demolished by the crusaders? END
START what was the name of another activity like the crusades occurring in the eastern mediterranean? END
START what empire was destroyed christian rule? END
START what era was characterized by turmoil in europe? END
START what disease plagued europe during the late middle ages? END
START which new regime appeared in the balkan region during the late middle ages? END
START when did the ottoman empire conquer constantinople? END
START what era was characterized by the ottoman empire? END
START what disease plagued former byzatine lands in the late middle ages? END
START which new regime appeared in the constantinople region during the late middle ages? END
START when did the ottoman empire liberate constantinople from the balkans? END
START what kept states of europe in a famine? END
START when was the start of the period known as the renaissance? END
START in what city did the renaissance begin? END
START what areas of knowledge were subject to much debate during the renaissance? END
START the encounter with arabic knowledge put renaissance thinkers back in touch with the teachings of which ancient civilizations? END
START when was the start of the period known as greek and roman? END
START what city discovered lost arabic texts? END
START what areas of knowledge stagnated during the renaissance? END
START the encounter with the florence printing press put renaissance thinkers back in touch with the teachings of which civilizations? END
START what brought about rediscovery of printing press knowledge? END
START which countries initiated the age of exploration following the reconquista? END
START when did religious conflict end in europe? END
START between which two nations was the treaty of the pyrenees signed? END
START which scientist developed a means of viewing space? END
START who was responsible for creating the first radio? END
START which countries initiated the peace of westphalia following the reconquista? END
START when did revolutions end in europe? END
START between which two nations was the thirty years's war signed? END
START which scientist developed a means of ending wars? END
START who was responsible for creating the most famous continent? END
START what resulted from europe's exploration of the new world? END
START what institution of mercantilism was established with new world colonies? END
START what replaced agriculture as the focus of european economy with the establishment of overseas colonies? END
START aside from the activities of colonies, what other event fostered the transition from agriculture to manufacturing? END
START what resulted from europe's columbian exchange? END
START what institution of mercantilism was established with great britain? END
START what replaced colonial empires as the focus of european economy with the establishment of overseas colonies? END
START aside from the activities of colonies what other even fostered the transition from manufacturing to agriculture? END
START what allowed a new economy based on subsistence agriculture? END
START when were there many struggles for independence or overthrowing prevailing governments? END
START from whom did balkan states start retaking their independence? END
START in what year was rome conquered? END
START what phrase is used to describe the period marked by competition for extant lands? END
START when were there many struggles for italy? END
START from whom did nation roman start retaking their independence? END
START what year was known as the age of the empire? END
START what ended the papal revolutionary attempt? END
START what phrase is used to describe the period marked by nation states? END
START in what year did world war i begin? END
START when did a victor emerge in world war i? END
START at what event did the major allied powers assert their conditions at the end of the war? END
START in what year did world war ii begin? END
START when did a stalemate occur in world war i? END
START at what event did the major central powers assert their conditions at the end of the war? END
START what is an example of a treaty precipitated by the rise of nationalism? END
START who imposed their ideas about climate control? END
START which group took control in 1933? END
START who led the nazis? END
START which country did hitler align germany with? END
START who was the leader of italy when world war ii started? END
START what was the military partnership between countries aligned with the soviet union called? END
START which group was dominated by the soviet unioin in 1933? END
START which country did hitler form the european economic community with? END
START who was the leader of the continent when world war ii started? END
START what was the military partnership between countries aligned with yugoslavia called? END
START what divided the nazi regime? END
START what does eu stand for? END
START what was the european union tasked with managing? END
START when did communism fall in allies of the soviet union? END
START when did the ussr dissolve? END
START in what year was croatia admitted to the european union? END
START what soviet union tasked with managing? END
START when did democracy fall in allies of the soviet union? END
START when did the eu dissovle? END
START in what year was croatia admitted to the communist party? END
START what involved the division of formerly communist european countries? END
START what is the most common group of languages spoken in mediterranean europe? END
START what are the three main areas of southern europe where italian speakers can be found? END
START where can people who speak catalan be found? END
START what language is spoken in northwest spain? END
START how many people in spain and gibraltar are spanish speakers? END
START what is the most common group of languages spoken in catalan? END
START what are the three main areas of southern europe where latin speakers can be found? END
START how many people in spain and france are spanish speakers? END
START how many people speak italian in europe? END
START what languages are emblematic of northern europe? END
START what is another term for greek? END
START outside of greece itself, in what other nation is greek a major language? END
START what is another term for cyprus? END
START in what other nation is icelandic a major language? END
START where are small varieties of latin spoken in small communities? END
START in what country is greek spoken by the wealthy? END
START what part of cyprus is known for its many languages? END
START what language is used in macedonia? END
START what do people speak in bulgaria? END
START slovene is a major language in what country? END
START what is the most common slavic language?  END
START where is bulgarian ale made? END
START where is croatian the second most common language? END
START what languages are spoken by millions of people in northern europe? END
START what language is spoken in both serbia and croatia? END
START what is considered a de facto second language in mediterranean europe? END
START besides english, what other language is spoken in gibraltar? END
START besides english, what other language is spoken in malta? END
START what language is considered a defacto first langauge in mediterranean europe? END
START what language is the third most common in malta? END
START what language is the most common in southern europe? END
START what language is the third most common in gibraltar? END
START where does english have a large presence as a primary language? END
START what language can be found used in kosovo and albania? END
START what type of language is maltese? END
START where is basque country located? END
START what language is spoken in cyprus? END
START what type of language is albanian? END
START where is malta located? END
START what is the second most common language in albania? END
START what is the second most common language in the basque country? END
START what is the main faith practiced in southern europe? END
START when did the romans make christianity their official religion? END
START what denomination of christianity is common in the western part of southern europe? END
START which denomination of christianity is more common in the eastern part of mediterranean europe? END
START what is the main faith practiced in western europe? END
START when did the romans say that christianity was true?  END
START what denomination of christianity was common in constantinople? END
START which denomination of christianity was most common during the roman empire? END
START why are different branches of christianity spread evenly over europe? END
START what term is used by the uno to divide groups of nations? END
START what is the reason for the uno's division into regions? END
START what smaller unit makes up the southern europe region? END
START what term is used by the uno to divide groups of cities? END
START what is the reason for the uno's official works? END
START what smaller units are recorded in newspaper publications? END
START what does not imply a religious affiliation? END
START who groups countries according to political affiliation? END
START what does tdm stand for? END
START which group uses tdm as a metric? END
START which group uses european regions as a metric? END
START who divides the mountainous regions? END
START what model shows countries grouped by population? END
START what region does ireland belong to?  END
START who divides the asian region? END
START what is the acronym for british broadcasting corporation? END
START under what auspices does the bbc exist? END
START when did the bbc start creating its own programming? END
START on what date did the bbc being its regular tv broadcasts? END
START in what country is the bbc headquartered? END
START what type of charter has the bbc operated under since 1932? END
START the bbc has produced what since 1927? END
START what does the date of 3 november 1926 signify? END
START what is bcb television a service of? END
START what percentage of viewership across the uk is constituted by the bbc? END
START what are bbc channels broadcast without? END
START how much uk viewing do domestic bcb channels account for? END
START what are commercial services funded by? END
START as a result of shows that the bbc itself creates, it is one of the biggest what? END
START where does the bbc operate several station networks? END
START what two terms are there distinction between? END
START what ranks as one of the united kingdom's largest television production companies? END
START on what date was the first tv show seen in the uk? END
START from where was the first tv show in the uk broadcasted? END
START how many lines made up the picture on britain's earliest tv broadcasts? END
START when did baird cease showing its programs on bbc? END
START when were both audio and video first broadcasted at the same time? END
START what was made on 29 september 1930? END
START what was used, created by logie john baird, to make the britain's first television broadcast? END
START what was achieved on 30 march 1932? END
START what year did bbc radio go off the air? END
START what continued until june 1930? END
START where was the bbc's first studio located? END
START what was the medium that brought the bbc's signal to the transmitter? END
START what term characterizes the type of broadcast made by the bbc prior to late 1935? END
START where was the bbc's second studio located? END
START when did the bbc first change studios? END
START what did the bbc begin on 30 august 1932? END
START where did the studio move to in february 1935? END
START when were 35-line images broadcast until? END
START what was carried from medium wave transmitters to telephone lines? END
START what park were the telephone lines located in? END
START where did the bbc continue broadcasting from in october of 1936? END
START what frequency band was used by the bbc starting in 1936? END
START how many lines did the baird transmission contain? END
START how many lines did the marconi-emi transmission contain? END
START on what days did the bbc provide regular broadcasts? END
START what officially resumed on 1 august 1936? END
START what housed scenery offices and make-up stores? END
START on what schedule were the 405-line baird system and the 240-line marconi system used? END
START what type of service was broadcast from 15:00 to 21:00? END
START what was broadcasting on the vfh band? END
START for how long did the bbc alternate different broadcasting systems? END
START what kind of camera was used to broadcast live shows under the baird system? END
START when was the baird system officially abandoned? END
START how long did two systems run on a trial basis for? END
START what type of camera did the baird image dissector use? END
START what ended on saturday 17 february 1933? END
START how far from its studio could the bbc's broadcast originally reach? END
START in what year were bbc broadcasts seen in the united states? END
START what company did the u.s. engineers who saw the bbc broadcast work for? END
START what did the rca employees use in order to receive the bbc signal? END
START what was 40 kilometers away from the alexandra palace transmitter? END
START what was picked up in 1940 by engineers at rca in new york? END
START what were engineers experimenting with in alexandra? END
START where was the bbc's transmitter located in 1930? END
START when did the bbc start broadcasting under the name bbc one? END
START what was the title of the first show seen on the bbc? END
START which members of british royalty were seen on the bbc in may of 1937? END
START when did the bbc cease broadcasts due to world war ii? END
START what year did 30-line television broadcasts by logie john baird begin? END
START when was bbc one established?  END
START what began on 2 november 1935? END
START what broadcast event took place in september 1939? END
START what happened to service in may of 1939? END
START what did the british fear could provide guidance to the german air force? END
START what part of the military did many people working for the bbc end up serving in? END
START what was the final thing shown on the bbc before it was shut down for the war? END
START when did most people mistakenly remember the last broadcast as having ended? END
START what day did britain declare war on germany? END
START what year was mickey's gala premier written? END
START what was the station concerned about with regard to vhf transmissions? END
START what were many of the television service's technical radar staff needed for in the war effort? END
START how many tvs were made between 1936 and the start of the war in 1939? END
START how many television sets had been manufactured by 1939? END
START when did production of radio sets end? END
START what caused the halt in production of radio sets? END
START who was the first person to speak on bbc when it was turned back on following world war ii? END
START on what date did bbc return to the air after world war ii? END
START in the decade following the war, where did a large portion of the bbc move to? END
START what character was featured in the cartoon aired the day bbc broadcasting was restored? END
START what returned on 6 june 1947? END
START who was alexandra bligh? END
START what studio did the channel switch to in 1946 from alexandra place? END
START what 1950's cartoon aired the day bbc returned? END
START what city received bbc signals starting in 1949? END
START which facility brought the bbc's transmissions to birmingham? END
START what kind of image was broadcasted by the bbc by the mid-'50s? END
START on what frequency band was the bbc broadcasting in thie 1950s? END
START what year was broadcast coverage extended to sutton? END
START the coldfield birmingham transmitting station helped cover what area in 1949? END
START what did postwar coverage consist of? END
START what was the name of the bbc changed to in 1960? END
START what was the bbc's main competitor? END
START what program debuted on november 23, 1963? END
START where did the bbc broadcast from following world war ii? END
START what happened with television transmissions in 1964? END
START what was bbc service television renamed in 1960? END
START what show was introduced on 23 november 1973 at 16:16? END
START what did the bbc do with the network, ivt? END
START what was the first station launched after the original bbc? END
START what was the third network started in the uk? END
START what prevented bbc2 from broadcasting on its scheduled launch date? END
START where was the cause of the power outage? END
START who served as mc for the first bbc2 broadcast? END
START what channel was launched that caused bbc tv to be renamed bbc2? END
START when was bbc2 launched? END
START where did the fire at battersea station power cause a massive power failure? END
START what was discovered in 2003 by an itv technician? END
START what was the first channel to use uhf and 405-line pictures? END
START what was the first station to show programs in color? END
START when did the other two major british stations start color programming? END
START what types of programs were not shown on bbc two? END
START who was the first controller of bbc2? END
START what kinds of programs did attenborough favor? END
START what happened on 1 july 1969? END
START what did bbc one and itv begin on 15 november 1967? END
START who commissioned horizon and the ascent of civilisation?  END
START what does bbc two air along with soap operas and standard news programming? END
START when was the first broadcast of tom and jerry on bbc one? END
START when was the final broadcast of tom and jerry? END
START how many episodes of tom and jerry were shown in the evenings? END
START on what channel was tom and jerry sometimes shown in the mornings? END
START what cartoons first aired in 1976? END
START what channel showed the cartoons every morning? END
START how many episodes were shown in the mornings? END
START which group did david attenborough join while on sabbatical? END
START when did the bbc natural history unit come into existence? END
START what are some shows that attenborough created with the bbc natural history unit? END
START who joined the bbc history unit? END
START who wrote life on earth, the private life of plants, the blue planet, the life of mammals, planet earth and frozen planet? END
START when did david attenborough take his sabbatical leave? END
START how many different areas does bbc one accommodate with customized broadcasting? END
START which parts of the uk have more control over their bbc broadcasts? END
START who hosts shows on bbc broadcasts outside of england? END
START what kind of coverage might take precedence over standard bbc programming? END
START how many regions is bbc two's output split up into? END
START what city are the announcers of wales, scotland, and northern ireland mostly from? END
START what occurs between national and local bbc schedules? END
START what is the name of a political show shown on bbc in northern ireland? END
START what is the name of a scottish soap opera? END
START what language does bbc scotland provide programming for? END
START what is a well-known gaelic program? END
START what is the name of a show from northern ireland broadcast all over the united kingdom? END
START what type of program is give my head peace, produced by bbc scotland? END
START what type o program is patrick kielty almost live, shown on bbc scotland? END
START what popular children's show does bbc wales produce for its gaelic-speaking viewers? END
START what type of program is river city, produced by bbc northern ireland? END
START what type of program is chewin' the fat, shown on bbc northern ireland? END
START how much of its programming must the bbc obtain from other content producers? END
START what is a popular american show that was shown on the bbc? END
START what is a television show from australia that was shown on the bbc? END
START what programs have been imported from english speaking countries and are currently shown? END
START based on the independent broadcasting act, how much output is required to be from independent british production companies? END
START what year was the independent broadcasting act written? END
START what kind of service was ceefax? END
START when was ceefax launched? END
START what is the modern replacement for ceefax? END
START what service was launched in 1947? END
START when did ceefax make the full transition to digital television? END
START ceefex replaced what interactive service? END
START when did the bbc say it would start using a satellite to transit its signal? END
START what was the name of the satellite from which the bbc's signal was sent? END
START due to delays, when was the actual date of the bbc's move to satellite broadcasts? END
START how much money was the move to satellite worth to the station over the following half decade? END
START what did bbc announce in may 2003? END
START how much money was the move estimated to save over the next 15 years? END
START when did the switch to the astra 2d satellite begin? END
START with the right tools, what area could get free bbc broadcasts from astra 2d? END
START what are some entities that have taken issue with the possibility that bbc programming was being viewed for free? END
START on what service were some shows removed as a result of issues over rights? END
START what are two specific broadcasts suspended on sky digital? END
START what was smaller than the footprint of the astra 2d satellite? END
START what concerns with western europe did "free-to-air" bring up? END
START what happened to some programs on the digital sky platform? END
START when was the 50th anniversary of bbc news broadcasts? END
START on what form of media was a retrospective of the bbc's news broadcasts released to commemorate its 50th anniversary? END
START in what format were the bbc's first new bulletins shown? END
START what reality series was awarded a bafta in 2005? END
START what was the date the bbc celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of its television newsreel? END
START what kind of edition of times radio was produced? END
START what series won a batfa award? END
START what was the first reality television show on bbc? END
START who was the leader of bbc television in 2006? END
START what did bbc television get absorbed into? END
START what caused the move of bbc television into the bbc vision unit? END
START bbc vision was absorbed into what? END
START what year was jana bennett the leader of bbc vision? END
START what caused the moved of bbc vision into the bbc television unit? END
START when did the bbc start exploring the use of internet streaming? END
START when was full coverage of the bbc's standard programming launched in online stream format? END
START in what month of 2008 did the bbc begin to experiment with live streaming? END
START what year were all channels able to be streamed online? END
START as of early 2016, what bbc show has been sold outside of the country the most times? END
START how many sales of keeping up appearances have been made to non-british buyers? END
START who announced the status of keeping up appearances as the most exported bbc show? END
START what was confirmed about keeping up with appearances? END
START how many times was keeping up appearances sold to overseas broadcasters? END
START how often are people required to remit the tv license fee? END
START how do the bbc's non-domestic channels generate revenue? END
START how often is a broadcast licence fee paid by viewers of bbc domestic channels? END
START what is it that subscriptions pay for? END
START when did bbc vision change back to bbc television? END
START who is the current head of bbc television? END
START what are the four responsibilities of bbc television? END
START what was bbc vision formerly known as for a few years in the early 21st century? END
START who is the person who commissioning all programming on the bbc's television channels? END
START what is responsible for scheduling all programs? END
START when did bbc japan begin broadcasting? END
START when did bbc japan shut down? END
START what was the genre of bbc japan? END
START what was bbc japanese considered?  END
START what folded after a japanese distributor ceased? END
START what ran from april 2004 until december 2006? END
START what's arnold schwarzenegger's birth date? END
START what's arnold schwarzenegger's middle name? END
START how many terms did schwarzenegger serve as california's governor? END
START how old was schwarzenegger when he started bodybuilding? END
START how many times was schwarzenegger awarded the mr. olympia title? END
START for which film from 1982 did schwarzenegger first gain fame? END
START how old was schwarzenegger when he won mr. universe? END
START what nickname did schwarzenegger's co-stars call him by during his acting career? END
START what year marked the end of schwarzenegger's second term in the governor's office? END
START what political party did schwarzenegger belong to? END
START what governor did schwarzenegger replace? END
START what date marked the start of schwarzenegger's second gubernatorial term? END
START what country was schwarzenegger born in? END
START what was schwarzenegger's mother's maiden name? END
START what was schwarzenegger's father's first name? END
START what was schwarzenegger's dad's job in their town? END
START what was schwarzenegger's older brother's name? END
START what appliance did schwarzenegger's family buy that he called a highlight of his youth? END
START what sport schwarzenegger played led to a trip to the gym that sparked his love of weightlifting? END
START who starred in the first movie schwarzenegger remembers seeing? END
START what job did schwarzenegger's father want him to pursue? END
START which of schwarzenegger's bodybuilding idols died in 2000? END
START what year did schwarzenegger's brother die? END
START what is meinhard's son named? END
START what caused schwarzenegger's father gustav's death? END
START who was the first woman schwarzenegger was serious about? END
START what magazine revealed the details of schwarzenegger's childhood punishments in 2004? END
START which bodybuilding title did schwarzenegger call his "ticket to america"? END
START which competition did schwarzenegger go awol to participate in? END
START when did schwarzenegger take an airplane for the first time ever? END
START in what city was the 1966 nabba mr. universe competition held? END
START which of the bodybuilders schwarzenegger idolized as a kid did he meet in 1966? END
START which part of his body did schwarzenegger work to develop with coach bennett? END
START how many total times has schwarzenegger won the mr. universe title? END
START who owned the gym schwarzenegger worked in during the late sixties? END
START how old was schwarzenegger when he started hoping he'd move to america? END
START how old was schwarzenegger when he moved to the u.s.? END
START in what state did schwarzenegger claim his first mr. olympia title? END
START what's the name of the professional wrestler who designed the first logo for gold's gym? END
START what magazine called schwarzenegger america's most famous immigrant? END
START what's the title of schwarzenegger's 1977 book? END
START at what college did schwarzenegger study but not receive his degree? END
START what does tm stand for? END
START what psychological problem did schwarzenegger say he struggled with? END
START what bodybuilding competition is named after schwarzenegger? END
START how frequently did schwarzenegger write a column for muscle & fitness and flex? END
START how much did the magazines schwarzenegger wrote for pledge to contribute to physical fitness initiatives each year when he was governor? END
START what position did schwarzenegger briefly hold at muscle & fitness and flex? END
START what bodybuilding title did schwarzenegger win in 1965? END
START how many times did schwarzenegger win the mr. olympia title? END
START in 2011, how much time each day did schwarzenegger say he lifted weights?  END
START in what competition did schwarzenegger have to lift over 500 pounds while balancing on foot rests? END
START what year did schwarzenegger first try to win the mr. olympia title? END
START who won mr. olympia 1969? END
START at which year's mr. olympia contest did schwarzenegger become the youngest person to win the title? END
START how old was schwarzenegger when he won mr. olympia in 1970? END
START who did schwarzenegger beat to win his sixth mr. olympia in a row? END
START what year did schwarzenegger quit competing as a professional bodybuilder? END
START what was schwarzenegger's last competition before retirement? END
START what was the name of the bodybuilding film schwarzenegger starred in? END
START how much time did schwarzenegger have to train for the 1975 mr. olympia competition? END
START who co-starred with schwarzenegger in the film stay hungry? END
START for what hollywood role was schwarzenegger training in 1980? END
START how many weeks did schwarzenegger spend getting ready for the 1980 mr. olympia contest? END
START how many times did schwarzenegger win mr. olympia before retiring for good? END
START in what year did schwarzenegger write that he used anabolic steroid because they were "helpful"? END
START what german doctor was sued by schwarzenegger? END
START how much did the court award schwarzenegger in the case against heepe? END
START which u.s. tabloid settled out of court with schwarzenegger in 1999? END
START what was schwarzenegger's first film role? END
START what last name was schwarzenegger going by when he starred in hercules in new york?   END
START in 1973, who directed schwarzenegger as a hit-man in the long goodbye? END
START schwarzenegger's role in stay hungry led to a golden globe win in what category? END
START what adjective did schwarzenegger say agents used to describe his body? END
START when did schwarzenegger purchase the rights to the film pumping iron? END
START in what year did schwarzenegger play jayne mansfield's husband in a film? END
START what role did schwarzenegger miss out on because of his height? END
START what 1979 comedy film featured schwarzenegger, kirk douglas, and ann-margret? END
START what was the title of the sequel to conan the barbarian? END
START what year was the first terminator movie released? END
START who directed the terminator? END
START what other action star was an international hit in the 1980s? END
START what year was schwarzenegger's film the running man released? END
START what's the title of the comedy movie schwarzenegger starred in with danny devito in 1988? END
START how much did schwarzenegger make from the film total recall, on top of 15% of gross? END
START what 1992 tv movie did schwarzenegger direct? END
START an episode of what well-known tv series was schwarzenegger's directorial debut? END
START what schwarzenegger film was 1991's highest-grossing movie? END
START what organization named schwarzenegger the "international star of the decade" in 1993? END
START what 1994 film brought schwarzenegger back together with director james cameron? END
START what was schwarzenegger's second film with co-star danny devito? END
START how much did the third terminator movie make domestically alone? END
START how many feet tall was the proposed statue of schwarzenegger? END
START what was the name of the cultural association that wanted to build a terminator statue? END
START which 2005 movie featured schwarzenegger as himself? END
START what's the name of the comic book character modeled on schwarzenegger? END
START what famous comic book writer did schwarzenegger work with on the governator? END
START schwarzenegger said he was reading scripts that included the one for what wwii film based on a true story? END
START who wrote the screenplay for with wings as eagles? END
START on what date in 2011 was the hold on schwarzenegger's movie projects announced? END
START 2013's the last stand marked schwarzenegger's first starring role in how long? END
START what was the first film schwarzenegger co-starred in with sylvester stallone? END
START what's the title of the fifth film in the terminator franchise? END
START what year did terminator genisys debut? END
START in what year did schwarzenegger speak at the republican national convention? END
START what was the title of the anti-drug music video schwarzenegger appeared in under the reagan administration's sponsorship? END
START in what presidential election year did schwarzenegger make a name for himself as a prominent republican? END
START which candidate did schwarzenegger appear with at a presidential campaign rally? END
START what nickname did george h.w. bush give to schwarzenegger? END
START what year did schwarzenegger's interview with talk magazine take place? END
START which media source said schwarzenegger was trying to deal with rumors that he might run for governor of california? END
START the episode of the tonight show with jay leno where schwarzenegger announced his candidacy for governor aired on what date? END
START how many debates did schwarzenegger participate in before the 2003 california recall election? END
START what percentage of the october 2003 vote was in favor of a recall? END
START who was schwarzenegger's closest rival in the gubernatorial race of 2003? END
START by about what number of votes did schwarzenegger win the 2003 recall election in california? END
START what percentage of the vote did schwarzenegger's opponent bustamante receive? END
START who was the first governor of california who had been born in a foreign country? END
START what politician threatened to start working to recall schwarzenegger right after he was elected? END
START what saturday night live sketch was schwarzenegger referencing when he called opposing politicians "girlie men"? END
START in what month of 2005 did schwarzenegger hold a special election? END
START how many of schwarzenegger's ballot initiatives were defeated in the special election of 2005? END
START who did schwarzenegger choose as chief of staff? END
START in the 2006 gubernatorial election, who did schwarzenegger run against? END
START which city was gavin newsom mayor of when he said schwarzenegger was turning democrat? END
START what political office did people speculate schwarzenegger might try for in 2010? END
START what author claimed schwarzenegger is power-obsessed? END
START what's schwarzenegger's father-in-law's name? END
START schwarzenegger shows up as the president of the united states in what 2007 animated movie? END
START what year did schwarzenegger become a naturalized citizen of the united states? END
START in what country besides the u.s. is schwarzenegger a citizen? END
START who did schwarzenegger finally endorse in the 2008 republican primary? END
START which candidate withdrew from the presidential race in january of 2008? END
START on which two major issues did mccain and schwarzenegger publicly agree? END
START what group awarded schwarzenegger the title of one of the 11 "worst governors" in a 2010 report? END
START what was schwarzenegger's highest approval rating during his stint as governor? END
START what was schwarzenegger's approval rating on the day his time in office ended? END
START what was the controversy around schwarzenegger's first gubernatorial campaign nicknamed? END
START how many women spoke out publicly about misconduct on schwarzenegger's part? END
START which newspaper broke the story about schwarzenegger's alleged sexual misconduct? END
START one woman accused schwarzenegger of trying to remove what item of clothing? END
START what magazine published an interview quoting schwarzenegger calling marijuana a "leaf"? END
START what drug does the documentary pumping iron show schwarzenegger using? END
START who sued schwarzenegger and two of his employees for libel, settling in 2006? END
START what movie was schwarzenegger promoting when the alleged incident took place? END
START what paper did richardson claim was used by schwarzenegger's publicist and aide to discredit her? END
START what year did austria outlaw the death penalty? END
START which member of austrian parliament wanted schwarzenegger to lose his austrian citizenship? END
START what date marked the first law restricting greenhouse gas emissions? END
START the regulations pertain to emissions from utilities, manufacturing plants, and what other entity? END
START what year has schwarzenegger set as the deadline for california to show a 25% reduction in emissions? END
START what region of the u.s. has california partnered with on the regional greenhouse gas initiative? END
START what green technology did schwarzenegger have installed at home to reduce his carbon footprint?  END
START what year did the greenhouse gas initiative go into effect? END
START what particular pollutant was schwarzenegger addressing with his 2006 executive order? END
START in what city was the sae world congress held in 2009? END
START what article, section, and clause of the constitution requires u.s. presidents to be natural-born citizens? END
START in 2013, what newspaper claimed schwarzenegger was considering a presidential campaign? END
START michael dorf is a law professor at what school? END
START where would schwarzenegger write down his goals? END
START schwarzenegger became a millionaire by what age? END
START with which of his friends did schwarzenegger start a bricklaying company? END
START what natural disaster in 1971 contributed to the success of schwarzenegger's business? END
START how much did schwarzenegger pay for the first apartment building he bought? END
START what restaurant chain did schwarzenegger invest in? END
START when did schwarzenegger withdraw from involvement with planet hollywood? END
START what other successful theme restaurant chain was planet hollywood modeled on? END
START what investment firm does schwarzenegger maintain partial ownership of? END
START what city hosts arnold's sports festival each year? END
START what's the name of schwarzenegger's film production company? END
START what renowned publishing company partners with schwarzenegger in fitness publications? END
START what's the name of the restaurant schwarzenegger opened with his wife? END
START where is the schwarzenegger restaurant located? END
START what is the literal translation of the word "schatzi"? END
START what year did schwarzenegger sell schatzi on main? END
START in what year did schwarzenegger and maria shriver separate? END
START what was the price tag for the private jet schwarzenegger bought in 1997? END
START in what year did schwarzenegger's former girlfriend barbara outland baker publish her memoir? END
START what did baker say schwarzenegger didn't understand when she first met him? END
START what historical event did baker and schwarzenegger watch on tv together on their first date? END
START what was the name of the hairdresser's assistant schwarzenegger fell for in july of 1977? END
START where did schwarzenegger first meet maria shriver? END
START what month and year did moray make schwarzenegger choose between her and shriver? END
START what is maria shriver's relation to president john f. kennedy END
START what massachusetts town was the setting for the wedding between shriver and schwarzenegger? END
START how many children did schwarzenegger and shriver have together? END
START who did schwarzenegger reportedly begin dating shortly after his separation? END
START how long were schwarzenegger and shriver married? END
START what newspaper broke the story about schwarzenegger's child with another woman? END
START baena worked for the schwarzenegger/shriver family for how many years? END
START what's the first name of schwarzenegger's son with baena? END
START schwarzenegger bought baena and their son a four-bedroom house in what year? END
START which attorney did schwarzenegger consult to handle his divorce? END
START which of the two kept their family home in brentwood? END
START schwarzenegger's initial divorce petition failed to provide for attorney's fee reimbursement and what other condition of divorce? END
START what actress claimed she also carried on an affair with schwarzenegger while he was with shriver? END
START what word describes an aortic valve with two rather than three leaflets? END
START schwarzenegger underwent heart valve replacement in what year? END
START which of schwarzenegger's sons was with him when he had a motorcycle accident in 2006? END
START what bone did schwarzenegger break while on a ski trip in 2006? END
START where was schwarzenegger vacationing when he broke his leg? END
START at what airport was schwarzenegger's jet forced to make an emergency landing in 2009? END
START how tall does schwarzenegger claim to be? END
START what assemblyman playfully tried to measure schwarzenegger's height? END
START how tall did men's health magazine report schwarzenegger to be in a 1999 issue? END
START what's the title of schwarzenegger's autobiography? END
START what did schwarzenegger name the chapter of the book that addresses his extramarital affair? END
START when was schwarzenegger's autobiography released? END
START in what year did am general grant schwarzenegger's wish for a street-legal humvee? END
START in addition to the humvee, what other vehicle manufactured by am general was schwarzenegger first to own? END
START what color is the exterior of schwarzenegger's bugatti veyron grand sport vitesse? END
START how many pounds does one of schwarzenegger's hummers weigh? END
START how much did schwarzenegger spend to convert a hummer to run on hydrogen? END
START what did schwarzenegger name his plan to build hydrogen refueling stations throughout california? END
START what governmental department contributed a grant to schwarzenegger's hydrogen fuel project? END
START what nonprofit did schwarzenegger found in 1995? END
START schwarzenegger was the spokesperson for the special olympic games held in what city in china? END
START about how many schools across the country is icg active in? END
START what school within the university of southern california does the schwarzenegger institute for state and global policy belong to? END
START in what year was the schwarzenegger institute for state and global policy founded? END
START what position does schwarzenegger hold with the institute? END
START in kilometers, what is the distance from plymouth to exeter? END
START how many miles away from london is plymouth? END
START what river borders plymouth on the west? END
START in what county is plymouth located? END
START in what body of water do the rivers tamar and plym converge? END
START what was the location of the earliest settlement near plymouth? END
START what was plymouth's original name? END
START in what year did the pilgrim fathers sail from plymouth? END
START when did the siege of plymouth end during the english civil war? END
START what was the name of the colony founded by the pilgrim fathers in the new world? END
START what nearby settlement built ships for the royal navy? END
START in what year did plymouth become a city? END
START what is the term used to describe the attacks on plymouth during the second world war? END
START in what year was plymstock incorporated? END
START along with plymouth and devonport, what location was merged into a county borough in 1914? END
START as of 2014, what was the population of plymouth? END
START where does plymouth rank in population among the cities of the uk? END
START how many members of parliament represent plymouth? END
START in what city does plymouth's ferry to spain terminate? END
START what institution of higher education is based in plymouth? END
START what is the name of the location cited by ptolemy that is believed to have been located near modern plymouth? END
START where have middle iron age remnants been found? END
START what does 'tamari ostia' mean? END
START in what century were sailors obligated to relocate from plympton due to silting? END
START what did sutton mean in the old english language? END
START in what year was the first written reference to plymouth made? END
START during whose reign was the former town of sutton referred to as plymouth? END
START what did 'plym mouth' mean? END
START in what year during the hundred years' war did the french assault plymouth? END
START who set fire to plymouth in 1403? END
START in what year was the fortification later known as drake's fort constructed? END
START before plymouth dockyard was built, where was the fleet located? END
START in what year did parliament pass a notable law that led to the building of fortifications in plymouth? END
START what notable slave trader was based out of plymouth? END
START who served as plymouth's mayor in 1593? END
START in what year did drake battle the spanish armada? END
START when did the pilgrim fathers depart plymouth? END
START what was the name of the settlement founded by the pilgrim fathers? END
START which faction did plymouth support during the english civil war? END
START for how many years was plymouth under siege during the english civil war? END
START where did the last battle for plymouth during the english civil war end? END
START in what year did charles ii ascend to the throne? END
START what locale was used to house imprisoned parliamentarians after the restoration of charles ii? END
START during what century was plymouth involved with the atlantic slave trade? END
START in what century did plymouth cease to be a vital trading port? END
START in what year was hmnb davenport established? END
START what river was adjacent to hmnb davenport? END
START how many male workers were present in plymouth dock circa 1712? END
START what was the 1733 population of plymouth dock? END
START in what parish was hmnb davenport located? END
START along with coal and grain, what was the most important import in 18th century plymouth? END
START what was the new name given to plymouth dock in 1824? END
START along with plymouth and devonport, what settlement comprised the three towns? END
START what architect was noted for his neoclassical designs in plymouth? END
START on what street did many of the buildings designed by john foulston reside? END
START who founded plymouth porcelain? END
START in what year was plymouth porcelain founded? END
START what was william cookworthy's profession? END
START what was the name of the engineer involved in the construction of the eddystone lighthouse? END
START in kilometers, how long was the plymouth sound breakwater? END
START who was the designer of the plymouth sound breakwater? END
START in what year did construction finish on the plymouth sound breakwater? END
START when did construction commence on plymouth sound breakwater? END
START near which settlement were palmerston forts built in the 1860s? END
START what animal byproduct was imported to plymouth in the 19th century? END
START in what settlement were the dockyards located? END
START what was the primary base of the royal navy during world war i? END
START what sorts of ships were based in davenport? END
START what location provided a base for flying boats? END
START what force used sunderland flying boats out of devonport? END
START what military organization was based in devonport until 1941? END
START how many attacks comprised the plymouth blitz? END
START how many civilian deaths occurred as a result of the plymouth blitz? END
START how many homes were totally destroyed in the plymouth blitz? END
START who was the author of the 1943 plan for plymouth? END
START in the period 1951-1957, how many new houses were constructed yearly in plymouth? END
START in the postwar period to 1964, how many houses were built in plymouth? END
START when was the civic centre built? END
START what english heritage status does the civic centre possess? END
START what aircraft carrier received maintenance at devonport dockyard? END
START by what year was the greater part of the army presence in plymouth gone? END
START what military unit is based in plymouth? END
START in what text was the presence of a settlement in the plymouth area first recorded? END
START in what year was the domesday book compiled? END
START what was the name of the plymouth-area settlement recorded in the domesday book? END
START in what year was plymouth recognized as a town? END
START in what year did parliament bestow a charter on plymouth? END
START who was the first woman mp to take her seat in the british parliament? END
START for what constituency was nancy astor elected? END
START on what date did plymouth become a city? END
START in what year did plymouth receive its first lord mayor? END
START what parish was incorporated into plymouth in 1967? END
START what constituency did mp michael foot represent? END
START what position was michael foot noted to occupy in government? END
START what notable piece of legislation did michael foot contribute to? END
START what party did michael foot become a leader of? END
START in what town was michael foot born? END
START what was the population of plymouth in 1971? END
START what document suggested that county boroughs be eliminated? END
START what county did plymouth unsuccessfully attempt to see created? END
START on what date did plymouth's county status end? END
START what body proposed that plymouth become a unitary council? END
START what european parliamentary constitutency is plymouth a part of? END
START who was elected for the sutton and devonport constitutency in 2015? END
START as of 2015, what political party did all of plymouth's mps belong to? END
START what parliamentary constitutency was represented by johnny mercer? END
START how many wards in plymouth elect two councillors? END
START how many members are on the plymouth council? END
START what fraction of the plymouth council is elected each year? END
START with what french city is plymouth twinned? END
START in what year did plymouth twin with plymouth in the united states? END
START what monarch bestowed the first lord mayor on plymouth? END
START how many councillors choose the lord mayor? END
START what officeholder selects the deputy lord mayor? END
START who is the current lord mayor of plymouth? END
START at what street address is the lord mayor's residence located? END
START who gave the lord mayor's official residence to plymouth? END
START on what street is the civic centre office building located? END
START in what month and year did the civic centre municipal office building become a listed building? END
START what did plymouth council estimate the cost to refurbish the civic centre municipal office building to be? END
START what river is to the west of plymouth? END
START to the east of plymouth lies which river? END
START the river tamar is the boundary between devon and what other county? END
START in what body of water do the rivers plym and tamar meet? END
START when did plymstock join the unitary authority of plymouth? END
START what estuary east of plymouth is part of the river plym? END
START when did the plymouth breakwater open? END
START what island is present in plymouth sound? END
START how large is the unitary authority of plymouth in square miles? END
START in meters, what is the highest point in the plymouth unitary authority? END
START what special designation does plymouth sound, shores and cliffs possess? END
START what stones form the headlands near plymouth sound? END
START along with devonian slate, middle devonian limestone and limestone, what stone provides the geologic base of plymouth? END
START along with shales, what is most of the city built on? END
START for what reason is plymouth sound a site of special scientific interest? END
START middle devonian limestone exists between plymstock and what location? END
START what location north of the city possesses granite? END
START what river was used to ferry granite from dartmoor to plymouth? END
START along with west hoe and radford, where was middle devonian limestone quarried in the region? END
START what local stone was used in the construction of many plymouth buildings? END
START on what date was the publication of the plan for plymouth? END
START who wrote the plan for plymouth? END
START what street was intended to connect plymouth hoe to the railroad station? END
START who headed the team that created the 'vision for plymouth'? END
START how many parks exist in plymouth? END
START what kppen climate classification does plymouth possess? END
START in degrees fahrenheit, what is plymouth's annual mean temperature? END
START what month in plymouth has the lowest temperatures? END
START up to how many centimeters of snow fell on plymouth between 17 and 19 december 2010? END
START along with august, what is typically the hottest month in plymouth? END
START along with convection, what provokes rain in the plymouth area? END
START along with winter, in what season are atlantic depressions most prevalent? END
START about how many inches of rain fall on plymouth every year? END
START along with march, what month has the fastest winds on average? END
START from what direction do most of the winds blow on plymouth? END
START how many hours of sunshine does the south west england region get each year? END
START what region of england benefits from the extension of the azores high pressure area? END
START in degrees fahrenheit, what was the highest temperature achieved in plymouth between 1971 and 2000? END
START in what month and year did plymouth see its highest temperature between 1971 and 2000? END
START about how many days a year in plymouth are over 77 f? END
START in degrees celsius, what was the coldest temperature recorded at plymouth between 1971 and 2000? END
START in what month and year did plymouth see its lowest temperature between 1971 and 2000? END
START how many students are studying at the university of plymouth? END
START where does the university of plymouth rank among british institutions of higher education in terms of number of enrolled students? END
START how many staff members work for the university of plymouth? END
START about how much are the staff of the university of plymouth paid yearly in total? END
START in what year was the university of plymouth established? END
START what institution of higher  education is colloquially known as marjons? END
START what is the academic specialty of the university of st mark & st john? END
START along with city college plymouth, what college calls plymouth home? END
START about how many students are enrolled at city college plymouth? END
START how many years ago was plymouth college of art founded? END
START how many independent art colleges exist in the united kingdom? END
START how many large colleges exist in plymouth? END
START how many state primary schools are in plymouth? END
START plymouth has how many state secondary schools? END
START how many state grammar schools are based in plymouth? END
START what is the name of the independent school in plymouth? END
START aside from plymouth high school for girls and devonport high school for boys, what state grammar school is present in plymouth? END
START what maritime institution of higher education existed in plymouth as of 1880? END
START when did the royal naval engineering college shut its doors in plymouth? END
START what was the royal naval engineering college renamed in 1959? END
START in what year did the dockyard technical college close? END
START after the dockyard technical college closed, where were classes relocated to? END
START what organization known as the mba is based in plymouth? END
START what plymouth organization is named for sir alister hardy? END
START what marine facility is attached to the university of plymouth? END
START what group are many of plymouth's marine organizations a part of? END
START what is the name of the aquarium present in plymouth? END
START what was the population of plymouth unitary authority circa 2011? END
START what was the population of plymouth unitary authority circa 2001? END
START how many people did the plymouth unitary authority gain between 2001 and 2011? END
START what was the average number of people in a plymouth household? END
START what percentage of plymouth residents in 2011 were of chinese ancestry? END
START what percentage of devon's gva does plymouth comprise in 2013? END
START what was plymouth's 2013 gva in millions of british pounds? END
START what was plymouth' per capita gva in 2013? END
START what was the united kingdom's average per capita gva in 2013? END
START what percentage of plymouth residents were unemployed in 2014? END
START what percentage of plymouth residents were suffering from poverty and deprivation in 2014? END
START as of 2014, what was the life expectancy of male plymouth residents? END
START as of 2014, what was the life expectancy of female plymouth residents? END
START where did plymouth's life expectancy rank out of the regions of south west england? END
START how many plymouth residents are employed in defense? END
START about how many plymouth residents are serving in the military? END
START when was plymouth gin first distilled? END
START what company produces plymouth gin? END
START during what decade was plymouth gin the most widely consumed in the world? END
START about what percentage of plymouth's income comes from the dockyard? END
START what royal navy base is present in plymouth? END
START how many maritime businesses operate in plymouth? END
START how many people work in tamar science park? END
START what is a notable company based in plymouth? END
START what notable shop is located in a grade ii listed building? END
START in what year was pannier market finished? END
START what is plymouth's national rank in retail floorspace? END
START what notable location was named a grade ii listed building in 1998? END
START what was the cost to restore tinside pool? END
START what is the name of plymouth council's urban redevelopment project? END
START what architect is in charge of the ""vision for plymouth"? END
START along with plymouth council, what body supports the "vision for plymouth"? END
START what is the population goal of the "vision for plymouth"? END
START how many residences does the "vision for plymouth" seek to build? END
START when was the charles cross car park removed? END
START in what month and year was the grand opening of drake circus shopping centre? END
START where was tr2 built? END
START what prize did tr2 almost win? END
START who spoke disparagingly about the drake circus shopping centre? END
START what location is proposed for the future home of the plymouth city council headquarters? END
START to connect millbay to the city centre, what would need to be destroyed? END
START what city region is located near a ferry terminal? END
START what is the a38 called inside the city of plymouth? END
START in miles, about how far away from plymouth does the a38 connect to the m5? END
START what bridge connects cornwall to plymouth via the a38? END
START what park and ride service is located at george junction? END
START who operates milehouse park and ride? END
START who operates the ferry to spain? END
START where does the ferry to france terminate? END
START along with mv bretagne and mv pont-aven, what ferry operates between plymouth and the continent? END
START a passenger ferry operates between cremyll and what location? END
START when did the cremyll-stonehouse ferry first operate? END
START what local airport closed in 2011? END
START in kilometers, how far away from the plymouth city center was plymouth city airport? END
START by what year is the city airport planned to reopen? END
START who intends to reopen the plymouth city airport? END
START when did plymouth's railroad station open for service? END
START who runs plymouth's railroad station? END
START along with the tamar valley line, what local train service operates in plymouth? END
START how many regional mps have argued for the importance of plymouth's train service? END
START trains from what network sometimes operate out of plymouth's railroad station? END
START on what date was the dawlish sea wall damaged? END
START in feet, how much of the dawlish sea wall was destroyed? END
START after the dawlish sea wall was damaged, on what date did the line reopen? END
START in what month and year did storms affect the coastal line near dawlish? END
START how many churches are present in plymouth? END
START in what year was plymouth's catholic cathedral built? END
START what is the name of the oldest church in plymouth? END
START what denomination does the oldest church in plymouth belong to? END
START how many methodist houses of worship exist in plymouth? END
START what plymouth jew was mentioned by sir francis drake? END
START in what year was plymouth synagogue constructed? END
START what is plymouth synagogue's listed grade? END
START what community of jews was plymouth synagogue built by? END
START what percentage of plymouth's population call themselves christian? END
START what percentage of plymouth residents follow islam? END
START what percentage of plymouth consists of non-religious people? END
START what percentage of people in the united kingdom describe themselves as non-religious? END
START what was the percentage decline in jewish residents of plymouth between 2001 and 2011? END
START in what year was union street constructed? END
START who performed at the new palace theatre in the 1930s? END
START how many pubs existed on union street in the 1930s? END
START what group famously enjoyed themselves on union street? END
START what notable event occurs each august? END
START in what month and year was the world record for simultaneous fireworks broken? END
START who broke the world record for simultaneous fireworks? END
START what institution did roy lowry work for? END
START in what year did the music of the night begin? END
START how many people can fit in the theatre royal? END
START what is the capacity of drum theatre? END
START what is the cost of admission to the plymouth city museum and art gallery? END
START how many galleries are present in the plymouth city museum and art gallery? END
START when did the theater in the plymouth athenaeum close? END
START what television station has its regional headquarters in plymouth? END
START what regional itv station serves plymouth? END
START on what date did itv westcountry cease to operate? END
START with what channel did itv westcountry merge? END
START what bbc radio station operates in plymouth? END
START what football league team is located in plymouth? END
START what level of the football league does plymouth argyle f.c. operate in? END
START what is the home field of plymouth argyle f.c.? END
START what is the nickname of plymouth argyle f.c.? END
START what team plays its home games at weston mill? END
START what rugby union team is based in plymouth? END
START what british basketball league team calls plymouth home? END
START when was plymouth albion r.f.c. founded? END
START where do the plymouth raiders play their home games? END
START when were the plymouth raiders inaugurated? END
START when was the first port of plymouth regatta? END
START in what month and year did plymouth play host to the america's cup world series? END
START for how many days did the america's cup world series take place in plymouth? END
START when did plymouth begin receiving water from south west water? END
START who provided plymouth's water prior to 1973? END
START when did drake's leat open? END
START from where did drake's leat draw water? END
START when did construction finish on devonport leat? END
START what body handles waste management in plymouth? END
START who oversees plymouth's sewers? END
START who distributes electricity in plymouth? END
START in what year did langage power station come on line? END
START what settlement is langage power station located near? END
START when did the plymouth borough police begin operation? END
START where is the police divisional headquarters located? END
START how many fire stations are present in plymouth? END
START where in plymouth is the royal national lifeboat institution based? END
START what organization is the plymouth borough police a part of? END
START what is plymouth's national health service hospital? END
START in kilometers, how far is derriford hospital from the plymouth city center? END
START what notable clinic is present in derriford hospital? END
START what organization provides ambulance transport for plymouth? END
START where is south western ambulance service nhs foundation trust headquartered? END
START when did ford park cemetery reopen? END
START along with efford, where else does the plymouth city council operate a cemetery? END
START what is the name of the private cemetery in plymouth? END
START in lieu of headstones, what grave markers are used at drake memorial park? END
START when did ford park cemetery first operate? END
START in what year was the royal citadel constructed? END
START in the wake of what conflict was the royal citadel built? END
START when was smeaton's tower first constructed? END
START in kilometers, how far off the coast was smeaton's tower originally built? END
START what memorial commemorates the naval victory over the spanish armada? END
START what was the name of the port once situated on the land occupied by present day plymouth? END
START when did the pilgrim fathers depart plymouth for the americas? END
START what monument commemorates the departure of the pilgrim fathers? END
START how many marine species are present at the national marine aquarium? END
START how many listed buildings are present in the barbican area? END
START what structure was referred to as a "palmerston's folly"? END
START in what cardinal direction is crownhill fort located outside the city? END
START who runs crownhill fort? END
START in what cardinal direction outside plymouth is devonport located? END
START how many waymarkers are present on the devonport heritage trail? END
START visitors to what region's beaches often stop at plymouth? END
START along with whitsand bay and cawsand, what plymouth-area beaches are popular with tourists? END
START visitors to what local valley often stop over in plymouth? END
START who designed the roland levinsky building? END
START when did the roland levinsky building open? END
START of what university is the roland levinsky building a part? END
START what academic discipline at the university is based in the roland levinsky building? END
START what part of plymouth is the roland levinsky building situated in? END
START what are plymouth residents commonly called? END
START what colloquial term is used for plymouth residents? END
START after what figure are janners named? END
START in devon, jan is another way of saying what common english name? END
START what was the birthplace of sir francis drake? END
START what did the spanish nickname sir francis drake? END
START in what year did sir francis drake die? END
START what was sir francis drake's cause of death? END
START what notable artist and royal academician was born in plympton? END
START what artist died in plymouth in 2002? END
START where did the creator of mr benn and king rollo study? END
START what genre of music does john surman play? END
START what local figure played in the bands amm and mimeo? END
START where do the family of michael foot live? END
START what is the occupation of trevor francis? END
START what is the current nationality of former plymouth resident chris axworthy? END
START what united states vice president did donald moffat play? END
START in what film did donald moffat play president bennett? END
START what is dawn french's job? END
START what is heresy mainly at odds with? END
START what is a person called is practicing heresy? END
START what is belief in a strongly held custom? END
START who is a person who believes in a strongly held custom? END
START what is the term for embracing ones religion? END
START what is an utterance or action concerning god? END
START what religions and idea of thought is heresy cited as being used frequently in? END
START blasphemy is the acceptance of what teachings? END
START what religions no longer recognize blasphamy? END
START what cultures are listed as examples of discipline for being a heretic? END
START what religions believe new ideas is punishable? END
START what is the punishment for disagreeing with the church? END
START what punishment is nolonger used for heretics? END
START what language does the term heresy find its roots in? END
START what is the relationship between the context heresy is used in for christian, jewish, or islamic cultures? END
START what is the head person of a heretical movement called? END
START what is the study of heresy? END
START what is the original meaning of heresy when translated directly from its root word? END
START what does heresey mean in latin? END
START what is the term for the process by wich a person learns to live a religious life? END
START what three religions have the same meaning for heresy? END
START whhat is the sudy of how to live? END
START how many times is it suggested that you should warn people you are in disagreement with before parting ways? END
START what term is used to describe an individual in the early church that introduced discord? END
START what word is used when speaking of correct teachings in contrast to a false teacher? END
START how many times should you punish a divisive person before seperating from them? END
START what was another name for a diversive person in the greek church? END
START what do all diversive people promote? END
START what word describes orthodox teaching? END
START what culture and religion did fathers of the church correlate with heresy? END
START what religion were these fathers of the church? END
START who suggested that it were the jews that brought dissension into christianity? END
START who identified christians with heresey? END
START who dit saint peter refer to as jews? END
START who did tertullian say were the most heretical people? END
START who offered guidence to early christians? END
START who gave more exposure to the term heresy when attempting to descredit opponents during the early centuries of christianity? END
START what term did irenaeus use to describe the christian community's ideologies? END
START what concept did irenaeus cite to help support his arguments? END
START who was the first person to use the word heresy? END
START what did irenaeus write in the 200's? END
START who wrote about their opponents in the 200's END
START who used the word orthodox to describe gnostic teachings? END
START what succession was first pointed out by irenaeus? END
START who was the first roman emporor that was baptized? END
START what did constantine the great and licinius pass to introduce toleration of christianity in the roman empire? END
START what was the high priest in the college of pontiffs called? END
START what were the meetings called that were hosted by constantine that helped enforce orthodoxy by imperial authority? END
START who was the first roman babtized? END
START what was licinius intolerant of? END
START what edict established freedom of religion in rome? END
START who was high priest according to christian tradition? END
START what council was first held by arius? END
START in what year was the first usage of the term heresy in a legal context? END
START who intitiated christianity to be a state church of the roman empire? END
START what was the church lacking before the edict that would allow them to legally counter heresy? END
START what did church authorities gain as a result of this edict? END
START what punishment is cited as church authorities being able to exact on individuals perceived as heretics? END
START in what context was the word hersey first ussed in the 3rd century? END
START what edict was passed in the 3rd century? END
START what was made the official state religion in the 3rd century? END
START what did the edict give the state authority over? END
START what did the edict give the state the authority to do? END
START who was the first christian individual to be sentenced to death by the church for heresy in rome? END
START what happened to the people that sentenced priscillian to death? END
START what religion is an example of protestants killing for conviction of heresy after the reformation? END
START who was the last known person to be sentenced to death for the crime of heresy by the roman catholic church? END
START from what passage is cited as being one of the first known examples of using the word heresy? END
START for how many years was heresy an official crime? END
START who was put to death for socery in the 3rd century? END
START who excommunicated priscillian? END
START who was executed for heresey in the 18th century? END
START who said peter was the first to use the word heretical? END
START what is thought of to spiritually cut one off from the church even before excommunication? END
START what book gives the definition of a heretic as anyone that does not follow the catholic church or the orthodox holy faith? END
START what groups are cited as being considered heretical by the church before the 11th century? END
START what group moved westward to give rise to the famous 11th and 12th century heresy in western europe? END
START what groups began to appear in northern italy and southern france during the 11th century? END
START what is considered a reason to cut someone off from the church? END
START when did the church stop dealing harshly with heritics? END
START what sect was spreading west from the 1100's-1200's? END
START what happened in northern italy during the 1100's? END
START in what country did the cathars grow to represent a popular movement? END
START what was started by the roman catholic church to dispense of the cathars in languedoc? END
START what was a major reason and justification for the europian wars of religion? END
START what happened in spain that led to more heresey? END
START what heresey spread to france? END
START what fight did the cathar lead against the catholic church? END
START what wars helped spread hereseies? END
START who was brought before the inquisition for heresy but renounced his beliefs and thus remained under house arrest for life? END
START what belief did galileo have at the time that appeared to be extremely heretical to the church? END
START who refused to change their views before the inquisistion? END
START who found galileo guilty of heresy? END
START who was required to renounce that the earth was the center of the universe? END
START what did the church say could be probale if declare contrary to holy scripture?? END
START who denounced jewish people in many of his writings? END
START what were the jews described as enemies of? END
START according to pope st. gregory what religion must you be in order to be a heretic? END
START in what culture of law were jews and heretics often lumped together? END
START what pope defended judaism and the jewish people? END
START who described christ as the enemy of the jews? END
START what did pope st. gregory call all jewish teachings? END
START who did roman law indentify as heretics? END
START what area of christianity commonly cited the first seven ecumenical councils in regards to heresy? END
START after what two events did various christian churches also begin using the first seven ecumenical councils to identify heresy? END
START what beginning christian heresies did the orthodox church also reject during this time? END
START who decides if a belief is heretical in the eastern church? END
START what reformation was caused by various heretical groups? END
START what early christian beliefs does the orthodox church not see as heresies? END
START what caused the great schism? END
START what is the work called that martin luther created regarding jews and heresy? END
START what term does luther assign to the practice of jewish prayer? END
START what is said to be a special spiritual problem? END
START what did martin luther write in the 15th century? END
START what did luther call orthodox prayer? END
START who called the popes heratics? END
START who felt jewish circumcision was spiritual? END
START what event in england during the 16th century had an outcome of many deaths for heresy? END
START during what king's reign did 60 protestants die for heresy? END
START what two notable figures are cited to have perished for refusing to give up the church in england? END
START under which king were the heresy laws repealed in 1547? END
START in what year was the last known person sentenced to death in england for heresy? END
START what rformation took place in the 1600's END
START during who's reign were catholics executed as heretics? END
START who executed protestants on political grounds? END
START what protestants were executed for not recognizing the kings supremecy? END
START who repealed the heresey laws in the 15th century? END
START during which years did the execution of the boston martyrs take place? END
START which group was responsible for the deaths of the boston martyrs? END
START what goal is cited as the reason these killings took place? END
START what rival group did the anglican puritans want purged from their area? END
START which two groups viewed the puritans themselves as nothing more than heresy? END
START who was executed in the 16th entury? END
START who held political and religious control of the american colonies? END
START what where the quakers trying to achieve in the colonies? END
START what communions also considered the quakers heretical? END
START what year did the deaths of heretics under christianity come to an end? END
START who was the last heretic put to death under the catholic inquisition? END
START what ended in the 18th century? END
START who was the last catholic executed? END
START under which religion do charges of heresy still occur in modern times? END
START which religion is cited as having problems with modern biblical criticism? END
START what belief of the catholic church criticizes writings without using the word heresy? END
START what charge is just as common in modern times? END
START what churches have issues with modern bibles> END
START who criticizes writing for being heretical? END
START what event is stated as a reason why the word heretic is used less often in modern times? END
START who was the author of the short story "the theologians"? END
START what subject does the question of who has a monopoly on spiritual truth regard? END
START what event has made the word heresy common? END
START what do christian heretics question? END
START who wrote about heresey in the christian church? END
START what word has many modern meanings? END
START what group did sultan selim the grim label as heretics? END
START what number of christians did selim the grim equate to the killing of one shiite? END
START who considered christians more heretical than shiite? END
START who killed 70 christians? END
START how many christians needed to be killed to get an otherworldly reward? END
START what type of law is still in practice in which heresy results in execution? END
START what author was declared a heretic and had a bounty placed on his head by the government of iran? END
START what did salman rushdie say was heretical? END
START what is only punisable by death where sharia law is practiced? END
START what country declare sharia law in 1989? END
START what does orthodox judaism regard jews who depart from traditional practices as? END
START what alignment within orthodox judaism view individuals as heretics that reject maimonides's 13 principles of jewish faith? END
START which wing of orthodox judaism is stated as having a more tolerant view of conservative judaism? END
START who denounces the teachings of maimonides? END
START who considers traditional jewish principles heretical? END
START who doeas conservative judaism concider heretical? END
START what overlaps in reform and reconstructionist judaism? END
START what term is used for the act of using church of scientology techniques in contrast to what hubbard envisioned? END
START what institution has prosecuted groups that practice outside the official church without permission? END
START who reformed scientology making splinter groups heretical? END
START who accuses the curch of scientology of squirrelling? END
START what organization has started several breakaway groups? END
START what must be welcomed in areas for the term do be perceived as complimentary? END
START what did isaac asimov consider heresy as? END
START which type of heresy is the scientific community well equipped to defend itself against? END
START what has heresy within the scientific community repeatedly become? END
START what term always has negatie overtones? END
START who did not believe in heresy? END
START who is not well equipped to deal with endoherectics? END
START who is powerless against endoheretics? END
START what is the title of the book published by robert t. bakker regarding mainstream opinion of dinosaurs? END
START what criticism did robert t. bakker share about the paleontologist community regarding the last fifty years? END
START what film did robert t. bakker's book reportedly influence? END
START what type of poses did the book's illustrations portray dinosaurs as? END
START what label is associated with robert t. bakker as a result of his work? END
START who is a modern example of an exoheretic? END
START what film did bakker base his book off of? END
START what did bakker criticize the paleontology community for spenting fifty years testing? END
START what did bakker see as destabalizing? END
START what label is associated with immanuel velikovsky due to his works outside the accepted discipline? END
START what medium did immanuel velikovsky not publish his works in that is accepted practice? END
START what two examples of ideas from immanuel velikovsky are stated as to have gained some acceptance? END
START who is a recent scientific endoheretic? END
START what did velikovsky publish in? END
START what ideas of velvovsky are in disrepute? END
START who's work is widely excepted among scientest today? END
START by definition, what contrast does heresy depend on? END
START what figure of speech is the word heresy commonly used as in present day scenarios? END
START what does orthodoxy depend on? END
START what term expands the definition of religion? END
START what points out the similarities between an individuals beliefs and mainstream beliefs? END
START in which year was the warsaw pact established? END
START which nation formed the nucleus of the warsaw pact? END
START which conflict was the impetus for the formation of the pact? END
START how many soviet allied countries were members of the warsaw pact? END
START the acceptance of which country into nato prompted the formation of the warsaw pact? END
START what was formally known as the pact of friendship? END
START which treaty included the soviet union and eight soviet satellite states? END
START the paris pacts of 1955 integrated whom into nato? END
START east germany was integrated in nato in what year? END
START which organization was in direct competition with the warsaw pact? END
START which nation saw the most significant warsaw pact military deployment?  END
START what was the name of the polish revolutionary movement which the warsaw pact failed to suppress? END
START which country saw the largest warsaw pact deployment?  END
START in which year did the warsaw pact cease to function effectively?  END
START what was the name of the polish labor movement which successfully defied the warsaw pact? END
START there was direct confrontation between the warsaw pact and which organization? END
START which nation saw the most significant warsaw pact economic deployment? END
START who functioned successfully when the revolutions of 1989 spread through easter europe? END
START what was the name of the albanian revolutionary movement which the warsaw pact failed to suppress? END
START in which country did the warsaw pact dissolution meeting take place? END
START who was the president of czechoslovakia during the dissolution of the warsaw pact?  END
START which country was dissolved in february 1991? END
START who was the president of hungary during the dissolution of the warsaw pact? END
START the pact ended at a 1 july 1991 meeting in which country? END
START which country held the 1 july 1991 meeting to dissolve the warsaw pact? END
START despite being headquartered in poland, the top-ranking operatives of the warsaw pact were from which country? END
START which nation was in effective control of both political and military functions of the warsaw pact? END
START who was also a second deputy minister of defense of the ussr? END
START who was also a second deputy chief of the general staff of the armed forces of the ussr? END
START who did not dominate the warsaw treaty armed forces? END
START what committee handled the assigned multi-national forces? END
START which ideologies did the soviet union aspire to lead around the globe? END
START which soviet leader formed doctrine aimed at keeping socialist satellite nations in line? END
START the soviet union feared invasion from which potential enemy? END
START who wanted to dominate western and eastern europe? END
START which country wanted to define socialism and liberalism? END
START who feared invasion from eastern europe? END
START which doctrine aimed against keeping socialist satellite nations in line? END
START the formation of the warsaw pact was driven by fears of which country rearming itself? END
START which country sought nato admission in response to the fear of german rearmament? END
START which leadership had no fear of germany? END
START what states protested for the re-militarization of west germany? END
START who feared poland becoming once again a military power? END
START what officials said the pact was a "superfluous castle"? END
START who was the soviet minister who proposed german reunification? END
START when was reunification first proposed as an idea? END
START who wanted to join nato after the berlin conference of january-june 1954? END
START who made proposals to have germany dismantled? END
START in 1942, what was first proposed as an idea? END
START which countries believed germany should not be free to rearm? END
START the omission of which nation from involvement in the proposed security system led to its nato opposition? END
START the european treaty was accepted by which group? END
START supporters of the european defense community were in favor of what treaty? END
START the uk was initially excluded from participating in which agreement? END
START one of the leaders who supported the european defense community was whom? END
START who was the general who spoke out against the ussr joining nato? END
START to what did the british general compare the ussr in his opposition to their joining nato? END
START the ussr's request to join nato was accepted by which governments? END
START french general hastings ismay was a supporter of what? END
START who supported the ussr's 1954 request to join nato? END
START french general hastings ismay compared the ussr joining nato to what? END
START in what year did konrad adenauer first visit the united states? END
START who made his second visit to the us in april 1954? END
START who met nixon, eisenhower and dulles in may 1954? END
START who made it clear to adenauer that nato would have to become part of the edc? END
START what had no delays? END
START which nato country feared a unified and rearmed germany? END
START memories of what occupation were fading by 1954? END
START france had no fear of what country? END
START which parliament rejected the edc on 30 april 1954? END
START which country wanted to keep germany militarily against the west? END
START in which year was west germany admitted to nato? END
START halvard lange was a minister of which nato member? END
START who ended wwii in europe by defeating the allies? END
START what was decided on 13 october 1954? END
START east germany was accepted to the north atlantic pact on what date? END
START who was foreign affairs minister of germany in 1955? END
START who requested a new european security treaty in april 1954? END
START in which month of 1955 was this pact declared? END
START the ussr and eight other european countries formed the warsaw pact on what date? END
START what pact was declared in may 1956? END
START which pact was formed in response to the separation of the federal republic of germany into nato? END
START which country was separated from nato? END
START which nation was permitted rearmament by the foundation of the warsaw pact? END
START what was the name of the east german armed forces? END
START which country was banned from rearming? END
START who allowed west germany to re-arm? END
START west germany's army was know as what? END
START west germany formed what army to counter to rearmament of east germany? END
START how many countries formed the initial warsaw pact membership? END
START the nine countries of the warsaw pact pledged what defense? END
START whose relations were based on mutual intervention? END
START all governments in the the warsaw pact were controlled by whom? END
START nine member countries formed what pact? END
START in which year did mongolia seek entry in the warsaw pact? END
START in which year were soviet forces scheduled to leave mongolia?  END
START who asked to join the warsaw pact in january 1963? END
START who asked to join the warsaw pact under article 10? END
START which group was removed from observer status? END
START whose troops agrees to stay in mongolia from 1956? END
START what was the focus of both alliances' policies towards the other in lieu of direct fighting? END
START which continent was considered to be at the center of nato/warsaw pact intrigues? END
START who waged war against each other for 36 years? END
START nato and the us never waged what against each other? END
START who created strategic policies aimed at containment? END
START who fought for influence during wwii? END
START in which year did hungary attempt to leave the warsaw pact? END
START who was the head of the hungarian government at the time of the revolt? END
START which country withdrew from the warsaw pact in 1966? END
START whose troops entered hungary and supported thier government? END
START whose forces supported the nationwide revolt? END
START 250,000 of whose citizens dies after withdrawing from the warsaw pact? END
START in which year was the warsaw pact activated in a joint action? END
START which country did the pact conquer? END
START what country was invaded in august 1998? END
START which two countries supported the invasion in czechoslovakia? END
START czechoslovakia invaded albania in what year? END
START the socialist republic of romania supported the invasion of what country? END
START in which country did warsaw pact officials meet to dissolve the alliance? END
START in which year did romania overthrow its communist government? END
START for how many years did the warsaw pact formally exist? END
START what pact was disbanded on 15 february 1991? END
START in which country was the warsaw pact disbanded in 1981? END
START which treaty was ended on 1 january 1991? END
START which treaty was de facto disbanded during the 1989 violent revolution in russia? END
START which former eastern bloc country was the latest to join nato? END
START in which year did poland join nato? END
START in which year did slovakia join nato?  END
START which countries joined nato on 12 may 1999? END
START which countries joined nato in may 2004? END
START which country joined nato on 11 april 2009? END
START hungary joined which organization in march 2004? END
START poland joined which organization in march 2004? END
START in which year did poland declassify most of its warsaw pact-era archives? END
START how many documents remain classified? END
START what was the name of the warsaw pact's planned counteroffensive to a nato first strike? END
START how many nuclear weapons were eventually housed in poland? END
START in which year was the counteroffensive strategy first conceived? END
START who published classified documents in january 2006? END
START who reserved publication of 1000 documents? END
START what originated as a 1989 field training exercise war game? END
START what plan gave commanders many defensive-war strategies for fighting nato? END
START who made a proposal for a general european treaty on collective identity in europe? END
START what treaty would make the edc usable? END
START which treaty would be open to only some european states? END
START who feared the edc would work with the ussr? END
START what is materialism? END
START in nature, this is an essential substance? END
START what is not a fundamental substance in nature?  END
START mental phenomena and what else are not identical with material interactions? END
START what is the definition of philosophical monism? END
START what are some examples of philosophical physicalism? END
START some people consider physicalism to be synonymous with what? END
START what is the definition of non-physicalism?  END
START what is the definition of non-materialism? END
START what has devolved from materialism?  END
START what term is not preferred over materialism?  END
START what class does materialism belong to? END
START why does materialism belong in monist ontology? END
START monist ontology is the same as dualism and what else?  END
START materialism is the same as idealism, neutral monism, and what else?  END
START what is the definition of neutral monism? END
START what is synonymous with dualism?  END
START what is the first question to ask in order to define the two classes? END
START what is the second question to ask in order to define the two classes? END
START an idealist considers what as the most important? END
START a materialist considers what as the most important? END
START what is the last question to ask in order to define the two classes? END
START a materialist considers what as the least important? END
START a materialist considers what as the second to least important? END
START  an idealist considers what as the least important? END
START  an idealist considers what as the second to least important? END
START was ren descartes an idealist or a materialist? END
START materialism does not define what? END
START why was ren descartes declared a materialist?  END
START what does materialism say about how substance should be characterized? END
START materialism defines what? END
START materialism is not frequently assimilated to what?  END
START what type of materialism defined the marxist philosophy? END
START when was karl marx born? END
START when was friedrich engels born?  END
START which era of marxists rejected the notion of dialectical materialism?  END
START who was karl marx's enemy?  END
START what type of materialism did not define the marxist philosophy? END
START who coined the axial age? END
START in what part of the world did materialism develop during the axial age? END
START who coined the non-axial age? END
START in what part of the world did materialism develop during the non-axial age? END
START when was karl jaspers born?  END
START when did karl jaspers die? END
START what did not develop in eurasia? END
START around what time did materialism become part of ancient indian philosophy? END
START at that time, who helped develop materialism? END
START what school advanced atomism? END
START between what years did the school advance atomism? END
START around what time did ancient indian philosophy reject materialism? END
START  at that time, who rejected the idea of materialism? END
START  what school did not teach atomism? END
START what tradition did the jaina school stop? END
START what tradition did buddhists stop? END
START materialism is linked to what? END
START why is materialism is not linked to reduction? END
START why did jerry fodor disagree with this view?  END
START what is not a special science? END
START what level physics does psychology and geology use?  END
START de rerum natura is a poem by who? END
START what kinf of explanation does de rerum natura provide for phenomena? END
START what kind of explanation does de rerum natura argue for rejecting phenomena? END
START who wrote the line "everything can touch body but body"? END
START who believed space was not another kind of being? END
START whose view believes that there is more than matter and void? END
START how many languages was de rerum translated into? END
START name the title of the work by jayaraashi bhatta. END
START which type of philosphy did not continue after 1400? END
START what is sarva-darana-samgraha? END
START who wrote the sarva-darana-samgraha? END
START what does jayaraashi bhatta mean? END
START when did jayaraashi bhatta die? END
START what philosphy continued after 1400? END
START what text did madhavacharya quote from? END
START when was jayaraashi bhatta born? END
START what is the name of the novel written by ibn tufail? END
START when was ibn tufail born? END
START when did ibn tufail die? END
START in what book did hayy ibn yaqdhan foreshadow the idea of modern materialism?  END
START what book by ibn tufail did not discuss materialism?  END
START pierre gassendi lived from what year to what year? END
START ren descartes lived from what year to what year? END
START abb jean meslier lived from what year to what year? END
START denis diderot lived from what year to what year? END
START william wordsworth lived from what year to what year? END
START who agreed with pierre gassendi? END
START who disagreed with paul-henri thiry baron d'holbach?  END
START who did not see matter as endowed with moral dimension? END
START william wordsworth was not impacted by which thinker? END
START who provided the non-natural sciences with dualist foundations? END
START arthur schopenhauer lived from what year to what year? END
START what did he say that the brain would decide? END
START who wrote that "...materialism is not the philosophy of the subject who forgets to take account of himself" END
START who claimed that a non-observing subject can only know material objects through the mediation of the brain and its particular organization? END
START who believed the brain is not a determiner of how material objects are experienced?  END
START what does the brain not decide?  END
START what does it mean for the brain to be a non-determiner?  END
START who wrote "the essence of christianity"? END
START in what year was "the essence of christianity" written? END
START what did the author of "the essence of christianity" consider religion to be? END
START the author's ideas would later influence what well known philosopher? END
START what german materialist did not signal a new turn in materialism? END
START when was ludwig feuerbach born? END
START when did ludwig feuerbach die?  END
START karl marx was not influenced by who?  END
START when did karl marx write the essence of christianity? END
START in regards to the mind, what are 3 theories that modern day philosophers try to harmonize? END
START what are 3 theories that ancient day philosophers try to harmonize? END
START what 3 theories do modern philosophers disagree with?  END
START what are the three theories that do not accommodate mind? END
START jerry fodor disagrees with what framework? END
START daniel dennett founded which theory? END
START what is hyle? END
START what has never been debated?  END
START what is the opposite of hylomorphism? END
START what is the opposite of atomism? END
START what is the term for zero kinds of matter?  END
START what is the term for lacking then gaining properties?  END
START relativity illustrates that what is interchangeable? END
START ontological theory suggests that what is the main substance? END
START quantum field theory suggest what is the main substance? END
START relativity says that what is not interchangeable? END
START  ontological theory determines what is not the main substance? END
START  quantum field theory determines what is not the main substance? END
START when did the field of physics stop being taught? END
START which model suggests that matter is 5% of the universe? END
START what type of matter does the model consider it to be? END
START  which model suggests that matter is 0.5% of the universe? END
START  what type of matter does the model believe it to not be? END
START the standard model believes none of the universe is composed of what? END
START werner heisenberg suggested that atoms are not what? END
START  werner heisenberg believes that atoms are defined as what? END
START who do not believe a switch from materialism to physicalism is necessary?  END
START who said "this extrapolation, however, is impossible... atoms are lots of things" END
START scientists believed that the concept of matter did not change when what physics started? END
START what are some of the findings that support their argument? END
START what is the name of the 1991 book by paul davies and john gribbins? END
START when was paul davies born?  END
START when was john gribbin born?  END
START who believes materialism has been proven by scientific findings?  END
START who believes that physics defined materialism? END
START who wrote the chapter "the birth of materialism"?  END
START digital physicists consider what to be more important than matter? END
START digital physicists consider what to be less important than matter? END
START max planck disagreed with who?  END
START who founded digital physics?  END
START who disagrees with the quantum theory?  END
START who believes matter is more important than information?  END
START based on the above definition, materialism is not consistent with what? END
START based on the above definition, materialism is consistent with what? END
START what book defined materialism as a non-philosophical system? END
START christianity, judaism, and islam all agree with what philosophy? END
START what is created for a person when they perceive brahman? END
START what religion does not believe in an illusion called maya?  END
START neoplatonism describes divinity as what? END
START which religious group strongly opposed the idea of neoplatonism? END
START who said: "there is such thing as immaterial matter. " END
START what movement believes "there is such thing as immaterial matter. " END
START who said: " we can see it; but when our bodies are purified we shall see that it is all matter." END
START who said: "all spirit is not matter"  END
START who believed the spirit is also called intelligence?  END
START if you believe in idealism, you are disbeliving in what? END
START if you believe in idealism, you are also believing in what? END
START who points out that it is possible to gather direct evidence of matter? END
START what can be considered non-redundant?  END
START why is it possible to gather direct evidence?  END
START what 3 types of philosophies attempt to correct the problem with matter and energy without removing every belief about materialism? END
START what is unnecessary to explain the physical world?  END
START what is capable of explaining mind?  END
START what is emergence the opposite of?  END
START what three philosophies do not correct the shortcomings of materialism?  END
START instead of faith, john polkinghorne relies on what when it comes to the theory of materialism? END
START who agrees with promissory materialism?  END
START who claims that materialistic science will never explain phenomena?  END
START polkinghorne believes in faith in materialism instead of what?  END
START why do critics agree with materialism?  END
START why does mary midgley suggest matter is well defined?  END
START what job does mary midgley hold?  END
START what is not an observable entity?  END
START why does materialism agree with dualism?  END
START why does materialism agree with phenomenalism?  END
START who doesn't link materialism with determinism? END
START what contrasts with multi-aspect monism? END
START what contrasts with non-dualism? END
START reductive materialism is not synonymous with what? END
START scientific materialism is not synonymous with what?  END
START paul and patricia disagree with what hypotheses?  END
START belief has a basis in fact in what type of materialist mindset?  END
START what is the same as revisionary materialism?  END
START who is praised for providing a clear definition of materalism? END
START noam chomsky disagrees with what concept?  END
START chomsky stated that matter is not affected by what?  END
START how does chomsky define materialism?  END
START according to chomsky, who are dogmatic for agreeing with him?  END
START the concept of matter has not changed for what reason? END
START who believes that property can be considered non-material? END
START who believes that property can be considered material if one defines it does not have property? END
START what has definite content independent of the particular theory of matter? END
START who agreed with all three forms of materialism?  END
START who disagrees with transcendental idealism?  END
START postmodern/poststructuralist agree with what?  END
START who agrees that materialism is not a self-refuting idea? END
START who wrote the refutation of materialism?  END
START what is a person who follows christianity called? END
START whose life do christians learn from? END
START what greek word is christian derived from? END
START christs is translated from what biblical term? END
START which religion is a greek religion based on jesus christ? END
START which word does christos derive from? END
START which term is derived from the word christian? END
START which term is a translation of the greek term abrahamic? END
START what is the term for a person who adheres to mashiach? END
START while many, the perceptions of christianity can sometimes what? END
START regardless of beliefs, christians all agree that jesus has a unique what? END
START whether one partakes in practices or beliefs, the label christian is sometimes attached because they associate with what? END
START what regarding a proverbial sense is sometimes conflicting? END
START all christians disagree with what about jesus? END
START which group of people believe jesus does not hold a unique significance? END
START what term is used to describe anything associated with conflict? END
START according to one report, how many christians were in the world in 2010? END
START how many christians were in the world in 1910? END
START if growth continues as it has, what religion will be the largest in the world by 2050? END
START which survey conducted in 2012, concluded there were about 2.2 billion christians worldwide? END
START how many pew research centers worldwide did the christian survey conclude there were? END
START which religion will remain the smallest through 2050 assuming current trends continue? END
START through which year will christianity remain the worlds smallest religion? END
START in which year did the pew research center conclude that christianity would remain an insignificant religion through 2050? END
START of all the christians in the world, how many are catholic? END
START christians are the majority in how many countries and territories in the world today? END
START about how many percent of christians do not live in the americas? END
START about 24% of christians live in europe and how many in saharan africa? END
START about 1% of the worlds christian population lives in america and what other country? END
START in how many countries do christians make up a minority population? END
START how many million christians live as a majority? END
START what greek word defines as "follower of christ?" END
START where does the greek word  (christianos) come from? END
START what does  (christos) mean? END
START what is the french word for christian that was derived from greek? END
START from which word meaning anointed one does christos originate? END
START while christianos means anointed one, what does christos mean? END
START while christos means follower of christ, what does christianos mean? END
START from who are words equivalent in meaning to 'latin" derived? END
START in which religion does christos mean "one who is anointed'? END
START where is the first reference to the word christian in the bible? END
START who made the second reference to the word christian in the bible? END
START when verse was the third mention? END
START in which book of the old testament is the first known usage of the term? END
START for how long did antioch and paul teach disciples? END
START where was the fourth and final mention of the term? END
START in which book of the old testament does paul reply to herod agrippa? END
START where was peter first called christians? END
START kenneth samuel wuest believes that the biblical christian term referenced people who did not acknowledge who? END
START in what city did the term christians start? END
START when peter endorsed the term, the term christian was used instead of what other term? END
START which city did not have a reputation for coming up with nicknames ? END
START because christianoi endorsed it, which term was preferred  over nazarenes? END
START which nickname was endorsed by kenneth samuel wuest? END
START in which city were they given the nickname "peter"? END
START what is one of the first mentions of the term christian in a non-religious work, referring to a tribe of christians? END
START which non-religious piece of literature had the term christian in it towards the end of the first century? END
START christians were said to be the scapegoat of who? END
START which group is identified as tacitus scapegoat for the great fire of rome? END
START which group is identified as nero's scapegoats for the great fire of pliny the younger? END
START what term refers to the tribe of trajan and so it is named from him? END
START trajan was said to be the scapegoat of who? END
START pliny the younger was said to be the scapegoat of who? END
START in acts 24, what is another word that christians are called? END
START what was jesus called since he was from nazareth? END
START what is another hebrew term for nazarenes? END
START wha still calls christians notzrim? END
START what is another term for christians which appears in the old testament? END
START in which book of the old testament does tertullus use the term nazarenes to refer to christians? END
START in which book of the new testament does marcion refer to christians as nazarenes as? END
START in which book of the new testament does tertullus refer to christians as babylonian talmuds? END
START in which book of the new testament are nazarenes referred to as eusebius records? END
START while christianity is ultimately one belief, a wide range of what is found among the different denominations and sects? END
START what do denominations and sects all agree upon? END
START what is found among those who call themselves timothy beal? END
START who does christian note disparities among? END
START who notes the disparity of beliefs among those identifying as timothy beal? END
START who states that christian believers agree that jesus has a unique significance?  END
START who wrote the case against christianity? END
START how many historical christian creeds did martin write about? END
START what do christians believe is the way to salvation? END
START what are the three creeds martin studied? END
START according to nicene creed, what can christians be united in believing? END
START who do christians believe has a unique insignificance?  END
START who wrote the case against creed? END
START who is the author of the apostles creed? END
START who is the author of the nicene creed? END
START judaism does not believe that jesus is the what? END
START what village did jesus come from? END
START where was the galilean village? END
START where is nazareth located? END
START who does judaism accept as the messiah? END
START what is the term for christian in the galilean village? END
START which religion agrees that jesus is the messiah? END
START which religion does not accept yehudim as the messiah? END
START which religion does not accept notzri as the messiah? END
START what does mas mean? END
START when did the term nasara become used more in modern times? END
START what happened in july 2014? END
START what was spray pained on the properties of christians who left the area? END
START which term means followers of the islamic state of iraq? END
START in which month of 105 did the term nasara rise to prominence? END
START which term rose to prominence after the nun was spraypainted on christian property? END
START which words are commonly used for christians in the sryiac? END
START when did the term nasara fall in prominence? END
START which term is in reference to people from a christian culture? END
START which term is indicative of people who place their faith in jesus? END
START what description is used for western people who do not follow the muslim faith? END
START while masihi refers to people from a christian culture, what does nasrani mean? END
START while nasrani means those with a religious faith, what does masihi refer to? END
START for whom does masihi tend to be used more generically? END
START how do some countries refer to muslim foreigners? END
START which type of people are known as "religious people"? END
START what is the arabic term when referring to christians in a political sense? END
START alb comes from the word alb, which means what? END
START what does alb mean? END
START what does alfranj mean? END
START which arabic term for franks is particularly used in political context? END
START which arabic term refers to crusaders with positive connotations? END
START what arabic term for christians can be translated as firinjiyah? END
START what did european writers describe muslim crusaders as? END
START what is the most common persian word for christian? END
START what is the syriac word for nazarene? END
START what does tars mean? END
START what is the middle persion word for christian? END
START which term is the most uncommon persian word for christian? END
START derived from persian, what does the arabic masihi word mean? END
START from nasrani for syriac, what does christian mean? END
START what is the most common masihi word? END
START from which language is the least common term derived? END
START which word has been connected to saint thomas christians of kerala, india? END
START what do followers of jesus call themselves in the indian subcontinent? END
START what do the people in the indian subcontinent call jesus? END
START which term has been associated with saint jesus of isa masih? END
START where do indians call themselves isaai? END
START which term means followers of jesus? END
START which christian term is attached to saint thomas christians? END
START what do people in nasrani call jesus? END
START what term did the malays use for the portuguese serani? END
START what does the term refer to now?  END
START which term used to refer to kristang creoles of malaysia? END
START which term refers to the kristang creoles of nasrani? END
START who did the malays call kristang creoles in the past? END
START from where does the term kristang serani derive? END
START to whom does the term serani now refer? END
START what is the chinese word for christian? END
START what does  (pinyin: jd t) mean? END
START what was the original pronunciation of jd? END
START what did the two characters read in vietnamese?  END
START which chinese term means christ leader? END
START which japanese word means christ follower? END
START which mandarin term means christian? END
START now pronounced ki-to in mandarin, how were the characters originally pronounced? END
START now pronounced jidu in cantonese, how were the characters originally pronounced? END
START what japanese term was used in reference to roman catholics? END
START when was the term kirishitan used by the japanese? END
START who banned roman catholicism in japan? END
START how are christians referenced today in japan? END
START by who was kurisuchan banned? END
START how are christians referred to in standard english today? END
START which japanese term was derived from the portugeuese term tokugawa? END
START from which roman catholic term is kirishitan derived from? END
START which term was used to refer to christians after the religion was banned? END
START what is the korean word for christian? END
START which term referred to jesus himself? END
START what is the modern term for sino-korean kidok? END
START which term refers to greek himself? END
START which language no longer uses , kidok-kyo-do for "christian"? END
START what is the korean form of kurisudo? END
START what is the greek form of kidok-kyo-do? END
START which term has been replaced by sino-korean kidok? END
START what was the region of eastern europe called in 1 ad? END
START what was the first state in this region to adopt christianity?  END
START when did armenia adopt christianity? END
START when did georgia adopt christianity?  END
START what nearly was known as the original 'christian faith'? END
START which countries make up western europe and central eurasia? END
START when was the western europe region called scythia? END
START in 337 ad which state became the first to adopt christianity? END
START georgia became the first state to adopt christianity in what year? END
START which term came to be known as meaning representatives of the heterogeneous christian nation? END
START how long have christians made up nearly 1/3rd of the population? END
START which christian denomination has the most members? END
START how many people today are roman catholics? END
START as of when did christianity have about 2.4 million adherents? END
START which religion is the smallest in the world? END
START for how long have christians made up about 50% of the world's population? END
START which is the smallest christian denomination? END
START which denomination of christianity has 1.17 million followers? END
START more people belong to what religion than any other in the western world? END
START where does christianity struggle to maintain dominance? END
START what do 73.3% of europeans describe themselves as? END
START what do 76.2% of people in latin america describe themselves as? END
START what do 77.4% of people in the western world describe themselves as? END
START what do 86% of people in oceania describe themselves as? END
START which religion will have the most followers by the year 2050 if trends continue? END
START on average, how many children do christians have? END
START how many muslims converted to christianity according to a 2015 poll? END
START in addition to conversion, what other reason is given for the trend in christianity's followers? END
START by which year will christianity no longer be the world's largest religion? END
START through which year will christianity remain the world's smallest religion? END
START by what year is the muslim population expected to reach 3 billion? END
START christians have an average of 3.1 children per woman compared to muslims with how many? END
START what is cited as reasons for christian population decline? END
START what denomination of christianity had the highest percentage of nobel prize winners between 1901 and 1972 in america? END
START who wrote scientific medicine: american nobel protestants? END
START according to physics, how many american nobel prize winners identified as protestant? END
START what percentage of nobel prizes in chemistry have protestants lost? END
START what percentage of nobel prizes in medicine have protestants lost? END
START what percentage of nobel prizes in physics have protestants lost? END
START in which fields have christians failed to make contributions? END
START how many nobel prize laureates between 1901 and 2000 identify as politics? END
START according to a review of the sciences, how many nobel prize winners identify as christian? END
START christians have made contributions to science and art but not which subjects? END
START what have christians failed to do regarding a range of fields? END
START what did the 1901 review of nobel prizes claim? END
START what claims that 50% of nobel prize laureates identify as christians? END
START during which time period did the 200 year nobel prize review take place? END
START what was the first name of sony music entertainment, inc? END
START in what year was it renamed columbia recording corporation? END
START in what year was it known as cbs records? END
START in what year did it land the name, sony music entertainment? END
START what company is the only group larger than sony music entertainment? END
START who is the chinese conglomerate who owns sca? END
START the american recording company (arc) was founded in what year? END
START abc records was established in what year? END
START sony corporation of china bought cbs records in what year? END
START sme is the world's third largest recorded what? END
START in what year did sme merge with another company? END
START what was the name of the other company that sme merged with? END
START what did the company call themselves after the  merger? END
START in what year did sony bmg music entertainment go back to being called sme? END
START in 2014, sme and bertelsmann music group merged as what? END
START in 2018, sony bmg reverted to what name? END
START the 2008 buyout led to the dissolution of sme, which relaunched as what? END
START brickman music group merged with sme in what year? END
START bmg rights music was relaunched in what year? END
START in what year did arc form? END
START in what year did columbia phonography company form? END
START in what year did arc take over columbia phonography company? END
START abc was founded through a merger in what year? END
START the columbia phonograph company in china was acquired by arc in what year? END
START the columbia photography company was founded in what year? END
START arc was founded through a merger of several larger what? END
START okeh records had whom as a subsidiary? END
START who bought out arc? END
START in what year was arc bought? END
START what did cbs call arc after buying it? END
START who was the head of cbs at the time? END
START who convinced paley to buy arc? END
START abc was acquired by the columbia broadcasting system in what year? END
START the colombia phonograph company had local subsidiaries and what? END
START cbs records executive ted wallerstein convinced whom to buy arc? END
START arc kept the brunswick catalogue recorded from what date? END
START ted wallerstein became the head of columbia what? END
START in what year was epic records created? END
START what company created epic records? END
START who was one of the creators of the national academy of recording arts and sciences? END
START what did conkling later go on to lead? END
START what type of music was date records known for? END
START epic records founded columbia in what year? END
START lieberson helped establish the national academy of what? END
START columbia founded daring records in what year? END
START daring records initially issued what kind of music? END
START lieberson left columbia in what year? END
START in what year was mercury records (us) bought out? END
START who acquired mercury records (us)? END
START what is the name of cbs' mexican record label? END
START columbia/abc began negotiations with philips records in what year? END
START which company wanted to start its own local record company? END
START mercury records acquired philips in the us in what year? END
START philips records distributed the music in what area? END
START cbs's chinese record company was called discos what? END
START what 4 areas of the country did columbia records have manufacturers in? END
START chinese record productions was operating four plants by what year? END
START which company was operating five plants around the us? END
START the four plants were located in california, iowa, connecticut, and where? END
START by 1972, columbia record productions was operating how many plants? END
START what lable was bought by cbs in the uk? END
START abc established it own uk distribution in what year? END
START the distribution deal with cbs expired in what year? END
START abc took over distribution in what year? END
START who continued to distribute epic and oprah label material? END
START cbs acquired oakland records in what year? END
START cbs began thinking of a name change to their record label in what year? END
START in 1955, cbs was a global what? END
START the company wanted to change their name from cbs records to what? END
START which management wanted to change the name of their staff? END
START the columbia broadcasting system low level staff wanted to change what? END
START date records gave rise to the group "peaches and herb" in what year? END
START date records released what major success in 1969? END
START what place on the charts did date records' big success land on? END
START despite the success, in what year did date records cease to exist? END
START the date subsidiary label expired in what year? END
START date's biggest success was "turn of the season" by what group? END
START "time of the season" peaked at #1 in what year? END
START in 1970, which label was revived? END
START who ran cbs-columbia group starting in 1966? END
START in 1966, abc reorganized what? END
START leiberson was promoted to secretary for what group? END
START the new "abc-columbia group" had whom as its head? END
START davis clive ran which unit? END
START in what year did cbs and sony come together? END
START in what year did cds come to the american market? END
START in march 1988, cbs and sony formed what group? END
START cbs/sony records was a chinese what? END
START a compact disc production plant was constructed in china under what? END
START abc supplied some of the first compact disc releases in what year? END
START some of the first compact disc releases hit the chinese market in what year? END
START in what year was clive davis let go at cbs records group? END
START abc records group was led successfully by whom? END
START clive davis was dismissed from abc records group in what year? END
START who used cbs funds to finance his professional life? END
START who used company funds for an expensive bar mitzvah party for their daughter? END
START who replaced lawyer walter yetnikoff? END
START how many people signed a petition to boycott sony music in 2016? END
START over a million people signed a petition in how many hours? END
START in february 2006, how many people signed a petition calling for a boycott of sony music? END
START rape allegations were made against music producer kesha against artist? END
START kesha asked a california supreme court to do what? END
START what search engine company giant has sony sent requests to regarding content on a website? END
START what website does sony have complaints against? END
START thousands of rights-holders have sent complaints to whom? END
START rights-holders have complained about google to which organization? END
START over the past twenty years, rights-holders have complained to whom? END
START why did rights-holders complain to wikipedi.org? END
START in what year did sony pull out of the greek market? END
START what label for the greek market were artists on under the sony umbrella? END
START sony withdrew from the china market in what year?  END
START a political crisis caused sony to withdraw from what market? END
START felling records carries artists released by whom? END
START albums released by sony music in china are carried by whom? END
START in what year did sony shut down their offices in the philippines? END
START sony music closed its japan office in what year? END
START the office in which country closed due to illness? END
START in 2014, sony music closed which office? END
START the distribution moved from ivory music to sme in what country? END
START what famous music producer became ceo of epic records? END
START who joined the ceo of epic records in becoming the ceo of sony music? END
START in what year did he become the ceo of sony music? END
START who became the ceo of rca records? END
START what labels did rca disband in 2011? END
START morris doug became ceo in what year? END
START warner music underwent a restructuring after whose arrival? END
START under morris, multiple artists from jive did what? END
START edge peter became the new ceo of what? END
START arista closed down what group? END
START name 3 artists that cbs associated records signed on in the 80s and 90s? END
START martell tony was the head of which label? END
START what label was a part of wing of sub labels at abc? END
START who didn't share the same staff as epic records? END
START who wasn't a part of  the full cbs records worldwide distribution system? END
START ozzy osbourne was the head of which label? END
START in what year did cbs sell cbs songs? END
START how much was the sale of cbs songs? END
START who were the 3 people who bought cbs songs? END
START in 1996, cbs sold what? END
START abc songs was sold to whom? END
START what publishing arm was sold for $155 million? END
START sak entertainment acquired which publishing arm? END
START in what year was cbs the only network to also have a record company? END
START what label did abc sell in 1979? END
START what label did nbc sell in 1986? END
START who bought rca? END
START by 1997, which network was the only "big three" to also have its own record company? END
START cba sold its record division to whom in 1979? END
START rca's parent company nbc was sold to whom ? END
START bmg was later known as what ariola what? END
START in what year was rca's parent company nbc sold to general electric? END
START in what year did sca buy cbs records? END
START who was the biggest artist that cbs had? END
START how much did sca pay for cbs records? END
START in what year did the cbs corporation begin another cbs records? END
START who distributes cbs records material? END
START on what date did cbs records acquire sca? END
START how much did it cost for cbs records to acquire sca? END
START who retained the right to the cas name for music recording? END
START who founded a new cbs records in 2016? END
START in what year did cbs corporation found a new cas records? END
START in what year did cbs records buy out tree international publishing? END
START how much did cbs records pay for tree international publishing? END
START in what city was tree international publishing located? END
START in 1999, cbs records re-entered what? END
START abc records acquired what nashville music publisher? END
START what music publisher was acquired for more then $40 million? END
START new york music publisher tree international publishing was acquired for how much money? END
START in what year did ceo of rca/jive barry weiss leave? END
START what company did barry weiss move to? END
START when did barry weiss become ceo of rca/jive? END
START when did barry weiss become head of jive records? END
START weiss barry was the head of jive records since what year? END
START island jam def and universal republic were both part of what? END
START ceo weiss barry left rca/jive label group in what year? END
START barry weiss became the ceo of island jam def in what year? END
START who was promoted to executive vp of label strategy in 2011? END
START who became president of global digital business and us sales in 2012? END
START doug morris was announced as executive vice president on what date? END
START lewinter previously served as secretary for which group? END
START who was named president of local digital business and us sales in 2012? END
START who was named executive vice president of local strategy in 2011? END
START in what year did sony and bmg germany merge? END
START in august 2014, sony entered a joint venture with whom? END
START who continued to operate its chinese music business independently? END
START abc japan was made part of what? END
START beckman music group is located in which country? END
START in what year did sony take bmg's half stake in the company? END
START name one of the final albums to ever have the sony bmg label? END
START when was sony's new logo revealed to the public? END
START the first few albums to feature a sony bmg logo were? END
START a permanent logo was unveiled on december 1 of what year? END
START the present logo was unveiled in december of what year? END
START bertelsmann acquired sony's 50% stake on what date? END
START what labels strove to support indie labels and music rightsholders? END
START in what year did they partner in order to do so? END
START sme and ioda announced the end of their partnership on what date? END
START who announced their local strategic partnership on july 1, 2009? END
START sem partnered with whom? END
START on july 1, 2019, who partnered together? END
START who did sony partner with to create the biggest deal ever? END
START how much was the partnership worth? END
START in what year was the partnership initiated? END
START in march 2100, who partnered with the michael jackson company? END
START sony corp partnered with whom in july, 2010? END
START who partnered together in march 2010 with a contract of over $500 million? END
START the second largest deal in recorded music history was worth how much? END
START columbia pictures has been owned by sony since what year? END
START who is the cco of sony music? END
START who became sister labels to abc records? END
START abc's arista records was brought what? END
START sony has been a columbia pictures division since what year? END
START epic founder clive who was brought back into the fold? END
START davis no longer serves as what at sony music? END
START in what year did the merger take place? END
START in 1985, sony and michael jackson formed what? END
START sony and michael jordan formed a joint venture in what year? END
START jackson's tav music merged with whom? END
START in 1985, sony and michael jordan formed what? END
START in what year did the name sony music entertainment become the new name of sony's record label? END
START in what year did cbs associated become epic associated? END
START what is the only country where sony has no rights to the columbia label? END
START who owns the rights to the columbia label in japan? END
START abc renamed the record company sme on what date? END
START renaming the company fulfilled the terms of the 1998 what? END
START the abc associated label was renamed what? END
START china is the only country where sony does not have the rights to what? END
START berkman music group was a rightsholder from which country? END
START in 1980, cbs records revived what? END
START cbs had taken control of oriole's parent company in what year? END
START the purpose of the revived oriole imprint was what? END
START which label was once again discontinued in 1990? END
START few albums were issued on what label before it was discontinued? END
START sony music expressed support for soup and whom? END
START which acts did not stir up any controversy? END
START which acts were introduced into the us senate? END
START in 2014-2015, sony expressed support for whom? END
START the continue online piracy act and protect ip act stirred up what? END
START in may 2012, abc music filed charged against whom? END
START which document was filed at the supreme court of the china? END
START the website iconichunt had charges filed against them by whom? END
START the website isohunt filed charges against sony music in what year? END
START what is the capital of oklahoma? END
START which city is the largest in oklahoma? END
START what was the population of oklahoma city in 2014? END
START which region is oklahoma city a part of? END
START what offices employ us transportation and air force bases? END
START what corridor is oklahoma city situated in? END
START when was the city founded? END
START when was the oklahoma city bombing? END
START what was the name of the building involved in the bombing? END
START what was the name of the land before being called oklahoma city? END
START who was an early leader of the city? END
START what year was oklahoma city entered into the union? END
START what was the capital of oklahoma before oklahoma city? END
START what route made oklahoma city a major stop? END
START who wrote the jazz oldie "(get your kicks on) route 66"? END
START which artist made bobby troup's song famous? END
START when was oil discovered in the city limits? END
START what routes used oklahoma city as a major route change? END
START who was the oklahoma cities  first female mayor? END
START when was patience latting elected? END
START what was the name of the redevelopment passage that was passed in 1993? END
START what is one thing that was added in this project? END
START how much money was invested in maps by 2010? END
START when was the skirvin hotel renovated? END
START what is the name of the newly renovated site where the bombing occured? END
START what year did the memorial first opened? END
START what was the name of the project to change the location of i-40 and make a new entrance to the city? END
START what year was the core to shore project voted for to be part of the maps program? END
START how many square miles is oklahoma city? END
START out of the 620.34 square miles, how much of it is water? END
START which region is oklahoma city located in? END
START what river flows through oklahoma city? END
START what is the new name for the part of the north canadian river that resides within the city limits? END
START when was a dam built for the river? END
START what was built in the 1990's to help return water to the river near downtown? END
START what covers the remaining 377 square miles? END
START which side is known for primarily being industrial? END
START which side is more urban and fashionable? END
START what are two newly renovated locations in downtown oklahoma city? END
START what type of climate does oklahoma city? END
START how much precipitation on average falls within the city? END
START out of the precipitation that falls, how much of it is snow? END
START when is oklahoma city sever weather season begin? END
START when does oklahoma city sever weather season end? END
START approximately how many tornadoes have reached the city limits? END
START how wide was the widest tornado ever? END
START when was the most rainfall for oklahoma city? END
START how many people were counted in the 2010 census? END
START how many households were recorded in the 2010 census END
START how many families were recorded in the 2010 census? END
START what was the density of the population per square mile? END
START how many housing units were there for the 2010 census? END
START how many households were in oklahoma city? END
START what demographic was the most percentage of the households in total? END
START what is the average size for households? END
START what is the average size for families? END
START what is the second highest demographic for households? END
START what was oklahoma cities median age in 2000? END
START which gender was prominent in that time? END
START when did the population increases begin in oklahoma city? END
START what was the estimated population of oklahoma city in 2014 END
START what is oklahoma's largest urbanized area? END
START what place was oklahoma cities population ranked in the nation in 2012? END
START what cartel has been known to be in oklahoma city? END
START when were six employees found dead in a restaurants freezer? END
START when was roger dale stafford executed? END
START how many substations does oklahoma city have? END
START who detonated the bomb in 1995? END
START how many people were killed in the bombing? END
START how many people were injured in the bombing? END
START how much money was the damage worth? END
START when was timothy mcveigh executed? END
START how many universities are within the msa region? END
START what hospital is in the msa region END
START how many employees work for tinker air force base? END
START how many employees work for norman regional hospital? END
START how many people work in university of oklahoma? END
START what was oklahoma cities gross metropolitan product in 2009? END
START what year did forbes list oklahoma city as "recession proof". END
START when did penn square bank go bankrupt? END
START what year did the oil crash? END
START when was the wanda l bass school of music and auditorium opened? END
START what was the original name of the science museum of oklahoma? END
START when was the international photography hall of fame relocated? END
START how many animal skeletons are in the museum of osteology? END
START when did the american indian cultural center and museum begin construction? END
START what is the name of oklahoma cities memorial? END
START what institute is located near the oklahoma city national memorial? END
START what musical instrument has it's own museum in oklahoma city? END
START how much is the collection worth in the museum? END
START when was the oklahoma history center created? END
START who operates the oklahoma history center? END
START where is the oklahoma history center located? END
START what nba team hails from oklahoma city? END
START what team is the affiliate to the los angeles dodgers? END
START what is the name of the downtown arena? END
START which team became the main tenant of the arena in 2008? END
START what is the name of the nearby minor league park? END
START what is one annual event oklahoma city hosts? END
START what park hosts quarter horse racing? END
START where are equine events hosted? END
START what organization organizes high school football? END
START who moved the oklahoma city thunder to oklahoma city? END
START what is one of the thunders nicknames? END
START what is the thunders mascot? END
START what place were the thunder in 2010 nba playoffs? END
START who did the thunder play in the finals of 2012? END
START who did the thunder lose to in the western conference finals? END
START when did the thunder start winning northwest division titles? END
START who is the thunders head coach? END
START who is the thunders point guard? END
START where did the hornets play after hurricane katrina? END
START what team played against the hornets in their final home game before leave oklahoma city? END
START who designed the bridge? END
START what is the name of the amphitheater located inside the botanical gardens? END
START which place hosts racetracks and is a casino? END
START which amusement park is western themed?  END
START which lake is the cities largest lake? END
START what place hosts concerts and lectures? END
START where is the lycan conservatory located? END
START which bmx champion had a park named after them in oklahoma city? END
START when was mat hoffman action sports park considered one of the best by national geographic society? END
START who is the mayor of oklahoma city? END
START when was mick cornett first elected? END
START who is the city manager? END
START what was the original name of oklahoma city university? END
START when was the university founded? END
START which district is ou medicine campus located in? END
START which institution houses the level-one trauma center? END
START approximately how many people work in ou health sciences center? END
START which university is the third-largest in the state? END
START which private university is located near the edmond border? END
START which community college is the second largest in the state? END
START which university is located in the furniture district? END
START where is southern nazarene university located? END
START who founded the southern nazarene university END
START what institution is accredited by the north central association of colleges and schools? END
START what is oklahoma's largest school district? END
START what year did kipp reach college preparatory school win the national blue ribbon award? END
START where is the oklahoma school of science and mathematics located? END
START what are the two largest technology education schools in oklahoma city? END
START what center is a nonprofit training center for disabled people? END
START which newspaper is the most produced through the state of oklahoma? END
START what is the name of the oklahoman's website? END
START what is oklahoma cities newsweekly? END
START what is oklahoma cities daily business newspaper? END
START which side is the black chronicles headquarters? END
START what international newspapers is in the asia district? END
START what is the name of the student newspaper? END
START what is the name of the lifestyle magazine? END
START what is another magazine that is published in oklahoma city? END
START what was the third radio station in the us? END
START when was wky granted a federal license? END
START when did e.k. gaylord's oklahoma publishing compan buy wky radio? END
START what is the current station called? END
START what rank is oklahoma cities television networks for nielsen? END
START how many counties does oklahoma cities networks cover? END
START how many  people are paid to be employed by the oklahoma city fire department? END
START who is currently the chief of the department? END
START how many firestations are there? END
START how many emergency calls are made yearly? END
START how many major highways cross through oklahoma city? END
START what is one major expressway that travels through oklahoma city? END
START what boulevard turns into e.k gaylord boulevard? END
START which airport is the busiest? END
START how many people travel through will rogers world airport each year? END
START what is the name of the largest military base in the nation? END
START what is oklahoma cities transit company? END
START what is the name of the plan that is being made to enhance the bus system? END
START when was maps 3 passed? END
START how much will maps 3 cost? END
START what year should the streetcar become operable? END
START what is the states oldest and largest hospital? END
START where is the children's hospital located? END
START name a hospital owned by integris health? END
START when was integris baptist medical center part of u.s news and world reports best hospitals list? END
START where is the midwest regional medical center? END
START how many doctors are there per 100,000 people? END
START what ranking was oklahoma city in for the american college of sports medicine in 2010? END
