START what country are the alps located in? END
START how many kilometres do the alps stretch? END
START how long has it taken for the alps to form?  END
START what is the highest mountain in the alps? END
START the alpine region is also known as what?  END
START what affects the climate in europe?  END
START what type of animal lives inn the higher peaks? END
START what plant grows in the rocky areas of the range? END
START evidence of human habitation in the alps goes as far back to what era?  END
START how old was the mummified man discovered at the austrian-italian bored? END
START what culture was well established by the 6th century bc?  END
START who famously crossed the alps with a herd of elephants?  END
START what person took an army of 40,000 across the mountain passes?  END
START where was adolf hitlers base of operation during world war 2? END
START the alps is home to how many people? END
START how many visitors go to the alps annually? END
START what is the dominant industry in the alpine region?  END
START the english word alps derives from what latin word?  END
START who says that all high mountains are called alpes by celts? END
START what languages have terms for high mountains derived from alp?  END
START there is a theory that in greek alpes is a name of what origin?  END
START what name has been used as a name for a number of mountainous areas across europe?  END
START albania was a name for what during roman times?  END
START albania was occasionally used as a name for what in the english language?  END
START what words are likely to have common origins? END
START where do alb and albus share their origin from? END
START alb can also mean what?  END
START the term alp, alm, albe or alpe refers to what in modern languages?  END
START what refers to a high mountain pasture where cows are taken to be grazed during the summer months? END
START words such as horn, kogel, gipfel, spitz, and berd are used in what regions? END
START mont, pic, dent and aiguille are words used in what regions? END
START what are the crescent shaped geographic feature of central europe? END
START what is the mean height of the alp's peak? END
START how far does the alps range stretch? END
START switzerland, france, austria and italy have the greatest what?  END
START the highest portion of the alp's range is divided by what?  END
START where are the peaks smaller in the range?  END
START the bernese alps are located in what part of the range?  END
START what makes the classification of the mountains and subregions difficult? END
START who came up with the general classification? END
START where is the divide between the eastern alps and western alps near? END
START the highest peak of the western alps is where?  END
START how tall is the peak at mont blanc?  END
START the highest peak of the eastern alps is where? END
START how tall is the peak of piz bernina END
START where are the french prealps located?  END
START what mountains are located in switzerland and france? END
START what follows the watershed from the mediterranean sea to the wienerwald? END
START what heads approximately east-northeast once at the swiss bored? END
START what have been crossed for war and commerce?  END
START what was established during medieval periods by religious orders? END
START where were hospices established?  END
START what is the highest of the most important passes of the alps? END
START what seperates the otztal alps and zillertal alps? END
START how long has the brenner pass been used as a trading route?  END
START the lowest of the alpine passes at what elevation?  END
START who crossed the great st. bernard pass with 40,000 troops?  END
START where is the highest point in the alps located?  END
START who began studying the rock formations of the alps END
START when did the studying of rock formations begin in the alps? END
START what was used in the mid-19th century to explain the presence of "folded" mountain chains?  END
START what theory was more widely accepted by the mid-20th century?  END
START when did the formation of the alps began? END
START what did the pangaean supercontinent consisted of what during the paleozoic era? END
START when did the single tectonic plate break into separate plates? END
START the tethys sea developed during what period of time?  END
START the collision between the african and the eurasian plates began during what time?  END
START what was uplifted from extreme compressive stresses and pressure?  END
START when did the layer of marine flysch sediments get deposited in the foreland basin? END
START what were later deposited in foreland areas as molasse? END
START switzerland and bavaria saw a further upthrusting of what? END
START what caused the development of the jura mountains?  END
START what cause different paleogeographic regions in the triassic, jurassic and cretaceous periods? END
START what is another word for rock composition?  END
START what geological subdivision is located in the north? END
START what is stefan schmid's profession? END
START what happened to the western alps during the cenozoic era END
START when did the austroalpine peaks undergo their event? END
START the western alps and the austroalpine peaks show distinct differences in what? END
START when did flysch deposits probably occur in the southern alps of lombardy? END
START what area do peaks in france, italy, and switzerland lie in?  END
START what are more common in the western alps? END
START when compared to the western alps, what area has few high peaked massifs? END
START layers of rock from europe, africa and the ocean make up what? END
START what is the origin of the bottom nappe structure?  END
START where are the top of the nappes derived from?  END
START what is an example of the ongoing orogeny? END
START what happened to the alpine orogenic belt that gave it the steep vertical peak? END
START mont blanc, the matterhorn, and peaks in the pennine alps cosist of what? END
START what are the common characteristics of the alpine orogenic belt? END
START what group defined a list of 82 official apline summits that reach 4,000m? END
START what is included in the list of 82 official apline summits other than mountains? END
START the list of twenty two summits has summits with at least how much prominence? END
START when was mont blanc first climbed? END
START when were most of the alpine fourthousanders climber? END
START when was the ascent of the matterhorn? END
START what did the ascent of the matterhorn mark? END
START who was among the first to successfully climb all the major 4,000m peaks? END
START when was the first british mont blanc ascent?  END
START when was the first female ascent on mont blanc? END
START when had swiss mountaineers ascended most of the peaks?  END
START what year did edward whymper reach the top of the matterhorn? END
START when were the last of the six great north faces of the alps climbed?  END
START what have been mined in the alps for thousands of years?  END
START what did celtic tribes mine from the alps? END
START what did the romans mine in the bad gastein area? END
START what does erzberd in styria furnish? END
START the cinnabar deposits are found in what area? END
START how long have alpine crystals been studied and collected?  END
START when did the alpine crystals begin to be classified?  END
START who studied the shapes of crystals?  END
START by the 19th century what was common in the alpine regions? END
START who amassed a collection 8000 crystals? END
START where did the mountains undergo serve erosion? END
START what was the cause of the severe erosion? END
START who noted the severe erosion of the mountains? END
START what was louis agassiz also known as?  END
START where did agassiz study during the 1840s? END
START agassiz found that the unteraar glacier moved how much per year?  END
START the movement of the unteraar glacier moved more rapidly in what part? END
START what is an example of a valley carved by glaciers during the ice ages?  END
START what lays at the bottom of the inn valley END
START the top of the inn valley consists of what? END
START what are moraines? END
START where have moraines accumulated? END
START how do piedmont glaciers appear? END
START what causes the ice to break and crack loudly? END
START what does the cracking of the ice create? END
START what causes flooding, property damage, and loss of life? END
START what killed about 2500 people in the 17th century? END
START how many homes in a village near zermatt were destroyed by an avalanche in the 19th century?  END
START what cause the glaciers to descend to permafrost levels in some areas?  END
START from 1876 to 1973, how much did the glaciers that covered the alps shrink? END
START what resulted from the loss of the area the glaciers over the alps? END
START how much of the glaciation in austria disappeared? END
START how much of the glaciation disappeared in switzerland? END
START what provides europe with drinking water, irrigation, and hydroelectric power? END
START how much of europe does the alps cover? END
START how much water does the alps provide to lowland europe? END
START how much water does milan depend on from the alpine runoff? END
START water from the rivers is used in over how many hydroelectric power plants? END
START the rhine, the rhone, the inn, the ticino and the po rivers flow from what country? END
START where do the major tributaries that flow through the danube originate from? END
START which river is second to the nile as a freshwater source to the mediterranean? END
START what does the rhone begin as? END
START where does the rhine originate? END
START where is the medieval st. bartholomew chapel located? END
START what side of the konigssee was st. bartholomew's chapel built? END
START what do the rivers form? END
START who have been studying the impact of climate change and water use? END
START water is diverted from rivers for what purpose? END
START what are the effects of diverting the water from rivers? END
START what are a classic example of what happens when a temperate area at lower altitude gives way to higher-elevation terrain? END
START elevations around the world that have a cold climate similar to that of the polar region have been called what? END
START what causes the temperature to decrease? END
START what is sufficient to divide the weather patterns in europe into a wet north and dry south? END
START since when has the severe weather in the alps been studied?  END
START particularly what part of the weather has been studied? END
START what was placed in the mountains early in the 20th century? END
START where is the aosta valley located? END
START where is the valais located? END
START what areas experience periodic flooding from rapid snowmelt and runoff? END
START what are the ranges of mean precipitation in the alps? END
START where do the higher levels of precipitation occur?  END
START at what altitude does snowfall begin in november? END
START how many zones are the alps split into? END
START what is the lowest zone of the alps called? END
START where does the lowest zone of the alps exist?  END
START where does the montane zone extend from? END
START where does the sub-alpine zone extend from? END
START what has been projected into the 22nd century for the alps? END
START what will have an effect on snowfall, snowpack, glaciation, and river runoff? END
START what have the various models been of? END
START how many species of plants have been identified in the alpine regions? END
START how are alpine plants grouped? END
START oak, beech, ash, and sycamore maple make up what group of trees? END
START what is often above the forestry? END
START what type of soil does alpenrose prefer? END
START what is the area above the treeline defined as? END
START why does the alpine area fluctuate greatly? END
START what grows in abundance in areas such as the meadows above the lauterbrunnental? END
START what are gentians named after? END
START how many species of the early-spring blooming flower grow in the alps? END
START what do the plants tend to form at higher altitudes?  END
START ranunculus glacialis have been recorded to have been found how far in the alps? END
START what is eritrichium nanum commonly known as? END
START what is the best known of the alpine plants? END
START what gives way to the growth of plant species with secondary metabolites important for medicinal purposes? END
START origanum vulgare has what useful properties? END
START where are urtica dioica found? END
START what has nearly exterminated the trees in many areas? END
START what are rarely found after the extreme deforestation between the 17th and 19th centuries? END
START what has changed since the second half of the 20th century? END
START the practice of building ski runs by mechanical means has destroyed what? END
START how many species of wildlife habitat the alps? END
START what have the wildlife done to survive the harsh conditions of the alps? END
START some species of wildlife can only survive in what specific environment? END
START what is the largest mammal to live in the highest altitudes? END
START how high have the alpine ibex been sighted? END
START where do the ibex live? END
START what animal that live in the alps are classified as antelopes? END
START what year was the last brown bear recorded to have been killed? END
START where do many rodents live? END
START where do marmots live? END
START where do marmots build their colonies? END
START what is the most common bird found in the alps? END
START why do reptiles only live up to the snow line? END
START what do reptiles due since they cannot bear the cold temperatures? END
START how have the alpine salamanders adapted to living above the snow line? END
START what can be found in the streams up to the snow line? END
START how long have some species of moths believed to have evolved from the same habitat? END
START what can be commonly seen drinking from the snow melt? END
START the swallowtail parnassius family of butterfly habitat ranges up to how much? END
START what species of beetles are were collected for their colors before being protected? END
START some species of moths and insects show evidence of what? END
START how long ago does the evidence show moths and insects to have been indigenous? END
START where is emosson located? END
START when were dinosaur tracks found in emosson? END
START when were late paleolithic communities established along the lake shores? END
START what has been found in caves near vercors? END
START why were houses built on piles? END
START what have been found in alpine areas of france and italy? END
START how old are rock drawings in valcamonica? END
START who was otzi the iceman? END
START when was otzi the iceman found? END
START where was otzi the iceman discovered? END
START when did celtic tribes settle in switzerland?  END
START the raetians lived in what region? END
START the helvetii occupied which region? END
START what did the celtic tribes mine? END
START which were the most widespread of the mountain tribes? END
START when was the second punic war? END
START who was the carthaginian general? END
START what did the romans build along the mountain passes? END
START what can still be found on the mountain passes? END
START what brought the defeat of the allobrogi? END
START when were the allobrogi defeated? END
START when did julius caesar overcome the helvetii? END
START what tribes settled much of the alpine region? END
START who established christianity in the region? END
START what did the frankish expansion and the bavarian expansion introduce? END
START what area still has intricate frescoes? END
START what is preserved as an example of medieval architecture? END
START much of the medieval period was a time of what? END
START where were the visconti from? END
START what dynastie was from austria and slovenia? END
START what country was a well-established separate state by the 16th century? END
START what wars took place during the late 18th century and early 19th century? END
START who annexed territory formerly controlled by the habsburgs and savoys? END
START when was the helvetic republic established? END
START where was the helvetic republic established? END
START when did many alpine countries develop heavy protection to prevent new invasion? END
START who built a series of fortifications in the maurienne valley? END
START why were a series of fortifications in the maurienne valley built? END
START who ordered the construction of a paved road? END
START what became tourist destinations during the 19th century? END
START who built monasteries in lucerne, switzerland and oberammergau? END
START who had abbeys in the savor and one in the center of interlaken? END
START when was the great st. bernard hospice built? END
START how old was the charcoal placed in the drachloch cave? END
START what does the finding of charcoal in dragon's hole prove? END
START what may have been buried by the same prehistoric people? END
START people blindfolded themselves to cross what? END
START where was charles vii from? END
START what was charles vii chamberlain ordered to do? END
START what did the knight leave at the summit of rocciamelone? END
START when did antioine de ville climb mont aiguille? END
START when did four chamonix men almost reach the summit of mont blanc? END
START who was the first naturalist to ascend the mountains? END
START where was horace-benedict de saussure born? END
START who was a member of the third ascent of mont blanc? END
START who was the first of many to present the alps as a place of allure and beauty? END
START who wrote the poem die alpen? END
START when did the alpine countries see an influx of poets, artists, and musicians? END
START what did the visitors come to experience in the alpine countries? END
START percy and mary shelley were inspired by what region's scenery? END
START what poem did shelley write during the visits to geneva? END
START when did scientists began to arrive en masse to study the geology and ecology of the alpine region? END
START where was adolf hitler born? END
START what did adolf hitler have a lifelong romantic fascination with?  END
START where did adolf hitler establish a home in the 1930s? END
START when was adolf hitlers first visit to the alps? END
START by 1940 who occupied many of the alpine countries? END
START what country underwent a political coup that made it part of the third reich? END
START what was the only country that avoided invasion from the third reich? END
START who wired the infrastructure leading into switzerland? END
START who were trained for the war? END
START where was the battle at riva ridge? END
START where was a substantial amount of nazi plunder found at the end of the war? END
START where did american troops find 75 kilos of gold coins? END
START what is the population of the alpine region? END
START what does the economy consist of on the rim of the mountains? END
START farming and forestry continue to be a mainstay of what? END
START much of what has not changed since the medieval period? END
START when were skills that guaranteed survival in the mountain valleys most important? END
START what is one of the strongest traditions in alpine culture? END
START what has been a traditional occupation for centuries? END
START what made farming less dominant in the 20th century?  END
START why is pasture land limited?  END
START when are cows moved to the highest pastures close to the snowline? END
START what is an ancient tradition in most alpine countries? END
START how much can a wheel of cheese from the emmental weigh? END
START what is an important farming activity in mountain villages? END
START how many times is hay normally brought each year? END
START when is carnival celebrated?  END
START what do people in high villages build their homes according to? END
START what is the area of the home heated by a stove called?  END
START the typic swiss chalet originated from where? END
START which direction do chalets often face?  END
START what are chalets built of?  END
START the food is passed from the kitchen to where?  END
START where is the dining room table placed?  END
START traditionally, what are meals served on?  END
START how is furniture traditionally carved?  END
START what are roofs traditionally constructed from?  END
START where are chalets typically used for roof construction found??  END
START the inclination of the roof cannot exceed how much?  END
START how many dialects have been identified in the slavic alps? END
START what language is spoken by two percent of the population in southeast switzerland?  END
START what's one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world?  END
START where is saalbach located?  END
START how many people visit the alps every year?  END
START what is an integral part of the alpine economy? END
START when did the tourism industry begin?  END
START when were large hotels built in the alps?  END
START when were cog-railways built in the alps? END
START when was the first figure skating championship held?  END
START where was the first figure skating championship held?  END
START where were the winter olympics held in 1924? END
START where were the winter olympics held in 1928? END
START where were the winter olympics held in 1936? END
START when was the lauberhorn rennen ran for the first time on the lauberhorn above wengen? END
START when were the winter olympics held in albertville, france?  END
START when were ski-lifts built in swiss and austrian towns? END
START when were several new villages built in france almost exclusively for skiing? END
START where is les menuires located?  END
START how much area is devoted to roads in the alpine region? END
START how many vehicles use the roads?  END
START where are most of europe's highest railways located?  END
START how long is the tunnel connecting lotschberg and gotthard planned to be?  END
START where is the village of avoriaz located?  END
START where are the villages of wengen and zermatt located?  END
START why are villages considering becoming car free zones? END
START when are many passes in the alps closed?  END
START the lower regions and larger towns of the alps are well-served by what? END
START what can be treacherous even in summer due to steep slopes? END
START what is a gene? END
START what is the basis of inheritance of phenotypic traits? END
START what influence are most biological traits under? END
START what is one instantly visible genetic trait? END
START what is one invisible genetic trait? END
START what do mutations in a gene sequence lead to? END
START what do alleles do? END
START what do alleles cause? END
START what does "having a gene" or a "good gene" typically refer to? END
START what causes genes to evolve? END
START what can regulatory regions of a gene be far removed from? END
START what can coding regions be split into? END
START what do some viruses store their genome in instead of dna? END
START what are some gene products? END
START what is a broad, modern working definition of a gene? END
START who first suggested the existence of discrete inheritable units? END
START if a distinct trait in edible pea plants is mathematically described as a 2n combination, what does n represent?  END
START what is one thing that gregor mendel was the first to demonstrate? END
START what is another thing that gregor mendel was the first to demonstrate? END
START what did gregor mendel explain his results in terms of? END
START what was the dominant theory of heredity prior to mendel's work? END
START who developed the theory of inheritance known as pangenesis? END
START what does the term gemmule describe? END
START what year was mendel's work first published? END
START who are the three scientists that claimed to have reached conclusions similar to mendel's? END
START what ancient greek word is the word 'gene' derived from? END
START what does the ancient greek word 'génos' mean? END
START what danish botanist coined the word 'gene'? END
START what was the word 'gene' used to describe in 1909? END
START who first used the word 'genetics' in 1905? END
START what was shown to be the molecular repository of genetic information by experiments in the 1940s to 1950s? END
START who studied the structure of dna using x-ray crystallography? END
START what two scientists published a model of the double stranded dna molecule? END
START what is one exception to the central dogma of molecular biology? END
START what is the modern study of genetics at the level of dna known as? END
START when was the first sequence of a gene determined? END
START what was the first gene to be sequenced? END
START who developed chain termination dna sequencing in 1977? END
START what did the devlopment of the chain termination dna sequencing method do for the sequencing process? END
START what project used an automated version of the sanger method in its early stages? END
START in what time span were the theories to integrate molecular genetic with darwinian evolution developed? END
START what are the theories that integrate molecular genetics with darwinian evolution called? END
START who proposed an evolutionary concept of the gene as a unit of natural selection? END
START what is the definition of the concept of the gene as a unit of natural selection? END
START who popularized ideas emphasizing the centrality of genes in evolution? END
START what do the vast majority of living organisms encode their genes in? END
START what does dna consist of? END
START what type of sugar composes part of the dna molecule? END
START what are the four bases used in nucleotide subunits? END
START besides the sugar and the four bases, what else does dna consist of? END
START what is the backbone of a dna double helix made of? END
START what base pairs with thymine? END
START what base does guanine pair with? END
START what causes the specificity of base pairing? END
START due to the cause of the specificity of base pairing, what must be true of the two strands in a double helix? END
START what causes the directionality of dna strands? END
START what is known as the 3' end? END
START what is known as the 5' end? END
START what type of synthesis occurs in the 5'→3' direction? END
START why does dna replication and transcription occur in the 5'→3' direction? END
START how does the expression of genes encoded in dna begin? END
START what is rna? END
START what base does rna have in place of thymine? END
START what are codons? END
START what specifies the correspondence between codons and amino acids during protein translation? END
START what is the total complement of genes in an organism or cell known as? END
START what does a chromosome consist of? END
START what is encoded on a chromosome? END
START what is the region of the chromosome at which a particular gene is located called? END
START what does each locus contain? END
START where are the majority of eukaryotic genes stored? END
START chromosomes that are packed within the nucleus in complex with histones are called what? END
START what does the manner of dna storage on the histone and the chemical modifications of the histone itself regulate? END
START what are replication origins? END
START long stretches of repetitive sequence that cap the ends of the linear chromosomes are called what? END
START what are prokaryotes? END
START how do prokaryotes store their genomes? END
START what type of chromosome do some eukaryotic organelles contain? END
START small circles of dna that encode only a few genes and are transferable between individuals are called what? END
START what allows genes for antibiotic resistance to be passed between individual cells? END
START what type of organism has relatively gene dense chromosomes? END
START regions of dna that serve no obvious function are often found in what type of organism? END
START what is referred to as "junk dna"? END
START what percentage of the human genome is made of protein coding dna? END
START what percentage of bases in the human genome are expressed by protein coding dna END
START often, how large a part of the structure of a gene is the protein coding sequence? END
START what often plays only a small part in the structure of a gene?  END
START what is one of the many elements that the structure of a gene consists of? END
START what is another element of the structure of a gene? END
START what elements does the structure of a gene consist of? END
START what do all genes contain that is required for their expression? END
START how is a promoter sequence recognized? END
START what results when genes have more than one promoter? END
START what does a "strong" promoter sequence do? END
START what does a "weak" promoter sequence do? END
START how do regulatory regions act? END
START what happens when a regulatory region binds to transcription factors? END
START how do enhancers increase transcription? END
START what happens after an enhancer binds an activator protein? END
START what causes dna to be less available for rna polymerase? END
START what is at both ends of the transcribed pre-mrna? END
START where are the ribosome binding site, terminator and start and stop codons located on transcribed pre-mrna? END
START what do most eukaryotic open reading frames contain? END
START what dictates the splice sites to generate the final mature mrna? END
START what encodes the protein or rna product? END
START what are most prokaryotic genes organized into? END
START what are multiple protein coding sequences transcribed as? END
START what sort of functions do the products of operon genes typically have? END
START what type of network are the products of operon genes typically involved with? END
START what type of coding sequences do prokaryotic genes typically have? END
START what is an example of a regulatory region of a gene that does not have to close to the coding sequence? END
START why do some regulatory regions of a gene not have to be close to the coding sequence? END
START what part of a gene can be much larger than its exons? END
START how do regulatory regions on different chromosomes operate in order to allow regions on different chromosomes to come into contact with one another? END
START where can regulatory regions be found? END
START what model did early work in molecular genetics suggest? END
START what discovery caused the model that one gene makes one protein to be refined? END
START how do genes encode multiple proteins? END
START how are alternative splicing and coding sequences distributed? END
START in order for a gene to encode multiple proteins, how must its mrnas be arranged? END
START what sort of definition can be used to conveniently encompass the complexity of diverse phenomena? END
START what is the broad operational definition of a gene? END
START what does the typical definition of a gene categorize genes by? END
START what does the broad operational definition of gene categorize genes by? END
START what does the broad operational definition of a gene classify as gene-associated regions? END
START how many steps are required to read the information encoded in a gene's dna and produce the specified protein? END
START what is the first step to read the information encoded in a gene's dna and produce the protein it specifies? END
START what is the second step to read the information encoded in a gene's dna and produce the protein it specifies? END
START what step must rna-coding genes still go through? END
START what is the process of producing a biologically functional molecule of either rna or protein called? END
START what specifies the amino acid sequence of a protein? END
START what are sets of three nucleotides known as? END
START what does each codon correspond to? END
START what indicates the beginning and end of the protein coding region? END
START how many possible codons are there? END
START what does transcription produce? END
START how does the nucleotide sequence of mrna compare to dna? END
START what is used as a template to generate a complementary mrna? END
START why does the mrna match the sequence of the gene's dna coding strand? END
START what is the enzyme called that performs transcription? END
START where does transcription occur in prokaryotes? END
START if the transcription is very long, where on the rna may translation begin? END
START where does transcription occur in eukaryotes? END
START where does a eukaryote store the cell's dna? END
START what is the rna molecule produced by the polymerase known as? END
START what is the process by which a mature mrna molecule is used as a template for synthesizing a new protein called? END
START what does a ribosome consist of? END
START what is a ribosome responsible for? END
START how is the genetic code read? END
START how many unpaired bases does each trna have? END
START when are genes expressed? END
START what are examples of a cell's external environment? END
START what are examples of a cell's internal environment? END
START at which step can gene expression be regulated? END
START what example of post-translational modification of a protein was first described in 1961? END
START what is first copied into rna as an intermediate in the manufacture of the final protein product? END
START in some cases, what are the actual functional products? END
START what sort of synthesis occurs when the rna molecules are the actual functional products? END
START what sort of function are ribozymes capable of? END
START what are the dna sequences from which ribozymes are transcribed known as? END
START in what form do some viruses store their entire genome? END
START why do the cellular hosts of some viruses not have to wait for transcription to synthesize their proteins? END
START what is one type of an rna retrovirus? END
START what sort of transcription does the genome of hiv require before its proteins can be synthesized? END
START besides viruses, where has rna-mediated epigenetic inheritance been observed? END
START where do organisms inherit their genes from? END
START how much of an asexual organism's genome is inherited from its parents? END
START how many copies of each chromosome does a sexual organism have? END
START how many sets of chromosomes does a sexual organism inherit from each parent? END
START why do sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome? END
START according to mendelian inheritance, what is part of the cause of variations in an organism's phenotype? END
START what sort of characteristics are described by an organism's phenotype? END
START what is a genotype? END
START what specifies a particular trait with a different sequence of alleles? END
START how many alleles do most eukaryotic organisms have for each trait? END
START where can alleles be located in order to be either dominant or recessive? END
START when paired with any other allele for the same trait, what do dominant alleles give rise to? END
START when do recessive alleles give rise to their corresponding phenotype? END
START when do alleles assort independently? END
START what are gametes? END
START what does the growth, development, and reproduction of organisms rely on? END
START in cell division, what two cells are created?  END
START what specialized enzyme is responsible dna replication? END
START why does the sequence of one strand completely specify the sequence of its complement? END
START what one word characterizes the process of dna replication? END
START what is one thing the cell must do once dna replication is compete? END
START what is another thing the cell must do once dna replication is complete? END
START in binary fission, what shape is each genome? END
START in binary fission. when does each genome separate into daughter cells? END
START compared to the rates of cell division in eukaryotes, with what speed does binary fission occur? END
START the duplication and transmission of genetic material from one generation of cells to the next is the basis for what? END
START why do organisms inherit the characteristics of their parents? END
START in what type of organism will the offspring be a genetic copy or clone of the parent organism? END
START in what type of organism will a specialized form of cell division called meiosis produce cells called gametes? END
START what are the gametes produced by females called? END
START when can an event called genetic recombination or crossing-over sometimes occur? END
START if the alleles on the chromatids are the same, what effect arises from genetic recombination?  END
START if the alleles on the chromatids are different, what effect arises from genetic recombination?  END
START each of a parent's two genes for each trait will sort independently into gametes according to what mendelian principle? END
START in genetic linkage, what sort of point is extremely unlikely to occur? END
START what is it called when errors occur in dna replication? END
START what is the lowest error rate that occurs in eukaryotic cells? END
START what is the highest error rate that can occur for some rna viruses? END
START what can small mutations be caused by? END
START what can larger mutations be caused by? END
START what is it called when multiple different alleles for a gene are present in a species's population? END
START what can some alleles give rise to? END
START what is a gene's most common allele known as? END
START what are rare alleles called? END
START what is one cause of the genetic variation in relative frequencies of different alleles in a population? END
START what are mutations that have no effect on an organism's phenotype called? END
START what are mutations that do not change the amino acid sequence called? END
START what are mutations that lead to amino acid sequence changes but leave the protein functioning similarly called? END
START what is a result of deleterious mutations? END
START what does the directional selection of beneficial mutations lead to? END
START what are genes with a most recent common ancestor called? END
START what is one reason for homologs to appear? END
START what are genes that occur from duplication within an organism's genome called? END
START what are genes that result from divergence of the genes after a speciation event called? END
START what does comparing the sequence alignment of genes' dna measure? END
START what is the degree of sequence similarity between homologous genes called? END
START how do genes typically accumulate mutations over time? END
START under what type of selection are genes constrained so they change more slowly? END
START what type of analyses can the sequence differences between genes be used for? END
START what is the most common source of new genes in eukaryotic lineages? END
START what creates copy number variation of an existing gene in the genome? END
START what are the genes that result from eukaryotic gene duplication called? END
START what type of copy can gene duplication sometimes result in? END
START what are functional copies of a gene which have a loss of function due to mutation called? END
START what is a gene whose sequence shows no similarity to existing genes called? END
START what is the estimate of the number of orphan genes in the human genome? END
START how do the lengths of orphan genes compare to most eukaryotic genes? END
START how does the structure of orphan genes compare to most eukaryotic genes? END
START what is one primary source of orphan protein-coding genes? END
START what is the  transfer of genetic material through a mechanism other than reproduction known as? END
START in what type of organism is horizontal gene transfer a common source of new genes? END
START what is one trait that horizontal gene transfer is a common means of spreading? END
START in what type of organism is horizontal gene transfer rare? END
START what is one example of horizontal gene transfer in eukaryotes? END
START what is one characteristic that varies widely between organisms? END
START in which type of organism do the smallest genomes occur? END
START what is the smallest number of protein coding genes that a virus can have? END
START which organism acts as a single non coding rna gene? END
START what is the estimate for the total number of protein coding genes on earth? END
START since when has the number of base pairs of dna in the human genome been known? END
START what was the highest initial theoretical prediction of the number of human genes? END
START what sort of variants did the human genome project indicate that many of the measured transcripts were? END
START after the human genome project, how many genes were encoded on the mitochondrial genome? END
START what percentage of the human genome consists of protein coding genes? END
START what are the set of genes which are thought to be crucial for the survival of an organism? END
START what does the definition of essential genes assume an absence of? END
START how many genes are essential for escherichia coli? END
START what fraction of escherichia coli's essential genes are orthologs? END
START how many essential genes does saccharomyces cerevisiae have? END
START what type of genes are necessary for performing basic cell functions? END
START at what relative level are housekeeping genes expressed at? END
START when investigating gene expression, what type of genes are used as a control for experiments? END
START how are some essential genes regulated? END
START when are some essential genes expressed? END
START what committee has established gene nomenclature for every known human gene? END
START how can the gene nomenclature be accessed?  END
START how many symbols does each gene have? END
START with what is it preferred that symbols are kept consistent with? END
START what type of model does the mouse play a role for? END
START what is known as the modification of an organism's genome through biotechnology? END
START when did techniques begin to be developed to add, remove and edit genes? END
START what sort of enzymes do recently developed genome engineering techniques use? END
START what sort of dna repair is created by modern genetic engineering techniques? END
START what term refers to extensive genetic engineering of an organism? END
START what has become a common research tool with model organisms? END
START what do scientists explore by adding genes to mice with a certain gene's function disrupted? END
START what is an application for which organisms have been modified for? END
START what is another for which  organisms have been modified for? END
START what is yet another application for which  organisms have been modified for? END
START for what sort of organisms is the embryo normally engineered? END
START what techniques can be used to alter the genomes of an adult organism to treat genetic disease? END
START what part of the organism is usually created which becomes a developed genetically altered organism? END
START what can be changed in an adult organism using gene therapy techniques? END
START what can be treated using genetic engineering? END
START what is the official name for guinea-bissau? END
START where is guinea-bissau located? END
START how many square miles is guinea-bissau? END
START what is the estimated population of guinea-bissau? END
START how many kilometers does guinea-bissau cover? END
START what kingdom was guinea-bissau once part of? END
START what empire was guinea-bissau once part of? END
START what year was guinea-bissau declared independent? END
START what country did guinea-bissau seek to differentiate itself from? END
START guinea-bissau has a history of what since independence? END
START what percentage of the population speaks portuguese? END
START what percentage of the population speaks crioulo? END
START what are the two main religions? END
START what is their gross domestic product status? END
START what is the minority religion? END
START what islamic organization does guinea-bissau belong to? END
START what portuguese organization does guinea-bissau belong to? END
START what west african organization does guinea-bissau belong to? END
START what south atlantic organization does guinea-bissau belong to? END
START what latin organization does guinea-bissau belong to? END
START what area was known as the slave coast? END
START who exported african slaves to the western hemisphere? END
START what kingdom was guinea-bissau once a part of? END
START how long did the mali empire persist? END
START who traded slaves into the middle east? END
START when was alvise cadamosto's voyage? END
START when was eustache de la fosse's voyage? END
START what was the name of the portuguese explorer? END
START what river did diogo cao reach in the 1480's? END
START what country is about 4200 km from guinea-bissau? END
START what areas were the first places colonized by the portuguese? END
START when did the portuguese first set up trading posts in guinea-bissau? END
START when did the portuguese explore the interior of guinea-bissau? END
START who controlled the inland trade in guinea-bissau during this time? END
START what ports were the portuguese restricted to? END
START who tried to establish a rival foothold at bolama? END
START when was a rival foothold  attempted at bolama? END
START who regarded bolama as their own in the 19th century? END
START what other area did the portuguese regard as their special territory? END
START what rival did the portuguese fend off in guinea-bissau? END
START what group started an armed rebellion in guinea-bissau? END
START when did the armed rebellion begin? END
START who was the leader of the armed rebellion? END
START who supplied doctors and technicians to the rebels? END
START when was cabral assassinated? END
START when was independence declared? END
START what date was independence considered universal?  END
START what event caused the recognition to be universal? END
START where did a coup take place? END
START who was overthrown in the coup? END
START who was the first president of guinea-bissau? END
START how many guinean soldiers did the paigc kill? END
START where did one of the massacres occur? END
START when did the paigc acknowledge the executions? END
START where were the soldiers buried? END
START who controlled the country prior to 1984? END
START when were the first multi-party elections held? END
START what led to the guinea-bissau civil war? END
START when was the president ousted? END
START who was elected president in the 2000 election? END
START when was a military coup conducted? END
START who did the military arrest? END
START when were legislative elections held? END
START when did the mutiny of military factions occur? END
START who died in the mutiny? END
START after the coup, when were presidential elections held? END
START at that time, who ran claiming to be the legitimate president of the country? END
START who won the election? END
START who did vieira beat in a runoff election? END
START when was vieira, a former president, deposed? END
START what was reported to be entering the country prior to the election? END
START what type of "disturbances" were reported during the campaign? END
START how did foreign election monitors describe the election? END
START what year was the election held? END
START where the election monitors local, or foreign? END
START when was the parliamentary election held? END
START who won a strong majority in the election? END
START how many seats did paigc win in the election? END
START whose residence was attacked by members of the armed forces? END
START when did the attack on the residence occur? END
START who was assassinated on 2 march 2009? END
START who was assassinated on 1 march 2009? END
START who pledged to respect the constitutional order of succession? END
START who was appointed interim president? END
START who won the election in june 2009? END
START when was a coup d'etat staged? END
START who staged the coup d'etat? END
START who assumed control of the country after the coup d'etat? END
START who did kuruma negotiate with? END
START what was kuruma's former position? END
START what country is listed as a republic? END
START when had the government been highly centralized? END
START when was multi-party governance established? END
START who is the head of state? END
START who is the head of government? END
START how many members compose the legislature? END
START is the legislature bicameral or unicameral? END
START how long do members serve in the legislature? END
START what is the head of the judicial system? END
START how many justices are on the supreme court? END
START who was elected as president in 2005? END
START what body made the declaration of who won the presidency? END
START how long was it since vieira had held the office of president? END
START what year did vieira first assume power? END
START whose government did vieira topple in 1980? END
START what was not triggered by vieira's death? END
START when was vieira killed? END
START in the 2009 election, who was the candidate of the paigc? END
START in the 2009 election, who was the candidate of the prs? END
START who won the 2009 election? END
START when did president sanha die? END
START what party did sanha belong to? END
START besides the paigc, what is the other major political party? END
START how many minor political parties are there? END
START what office did sanha hold in 2012? END
START how many regions does guinea-bissau contain? END
START how many autonomous sectors does guinea-bissau contain? END
START how many subdivided sectors does guinea-bissau contain? END
START what country is on the north border of guinea-bissau? END
START what country is on the south border of guinea-bissau? END
START what is to the west of guinea-bissau? END
START what latitudes does guinea-bissau mostly lie between? END
START what longitudes does guinea-bissau mostly lie between? END
START guinea-bissau is larger than what two countries? END
START how high is the highest point in guinea-bissau? END
START what archipelago lies off the mainland? END
START how many square kilometers is guinea-bissau? END
START where does guinea-bissau get its hot dry winds from? END
START what is the average rainfall in bissau, in millimetres? END
START when is the rainy season in guinea-bissau? END
START what does the country experience from december through april? END
START when is guinea-bissau warm? END
START what is the average temperature in guinea-bissau? END
START how much of the population lives below the poverty line? END
START what are guinea-bissau's major exports? END
START what per capita index does guinea-bissau rank as one of the lowest in the world? END
START for what index does guinea-bissau rank as one of the lowest on earth? END
START what area depends on agriculture in guinea-bissau? END
START political instability has resulted in what type of economic activity? END
START political instability has resulted in what description of social conditions? END
START what type of imbalances have increased as a result of the instability? END
START how long does it take to register a business in guinea-bissau? END
START what is the one country that takes longer than guinea-bissau to register a business? END
START what did the main political parties sign to help the economy? END
START what organization backed a structural reform program? END
START when did guinea-bissau become independent? END
START what country left guinea-bissau in 1974? END
START what happened in portugal that contributed to guinea-bissau's independence? END
START in what year did guinea-bissau start to bring some internal monetary stability to the country? END
START what did the government do in 1997 to increase monetary stability? END
START what years did the civil war take place? END
START when was there a military coup in guinea-bissau? END
START when were parliamentary elections held? END
START when did drug traffickers begin to use guinea-bissau? END
START where did the drug traffickers come from? END
START what was the final destination of the drugs going through guinea-bissau? END
START who described guinea-bissau as being at risk for becoming a "narco-state"? END
START who has done little to stop drug trafficking in the country? END
START what was the population of guinea-bissau in 1950? END
START what was the population of guinea-bissau in 2010? END
START what is the source of the population data? END
START what percentage of the population was below the age of 15? END
START what percentage of the population was 65 or older? END
START what natives comprise a very small percentage of the population? END
START who left the country after guinea-bissau gained independence? END
START what ethnic group has a tiny population in guinea-bissau? END
START what is the name of a former asian portuguese colony? END
START what is the ancestry of the chinese population in guinea-bissau? END
START what percentage of the population speaks kriol? END
START what is the official language of guinea-bissau? END
START how long was guinea-bissau under colonial rule? END
START what type of language is kriol? END
START what is the second language for most portuguese in guinea-bissau? END
START why is french taught in school? END
START what is guinea-bissau a full member of? END
START who speaks both african languages and kriol? END
START in the 20th century most people practiced some form of what faith? END
START what religion was adopted by the population in the early 21st century? END
START what percentage of the population now practices islam? END
START what denomination are the majority of guinea-bissau's muslims? END
START what sect does 2% of the population belong to? END
START what percentage of the population is christian? END
START what percentage of the population continues to hold indigenous beliefs? END
START what forms of islamic and christian faiths do many residents practice? END
START what do many residents combine with islamic and christian practices? END
START what infection has a very small prevalence in guinea-bissau? END
START what percentage of the adult population has an hiv-infection? END
START how many hiv-infected pregnant women receive retroviral coverage? END
START what does retroviral coverage help prevent? END
START who receives retroviral coverage? END
START what kills more residents than aids? END
START what percentage of the population has malaria? END
START how many more deaths does malaria cause vs. aids? END
START how many children under five slept under antimalaria nets in 2008? END
START what type of drugs did many young children not have access to in 2008? END
START what type of disease was reported to be on the rise in guinea-bissau? END
START how many died from cholera in a november 2012 report? END
START how many died from cholera in a 2008 epidemic? END
START where are there reported cholera rates that are lowering? END
START how many people were affected by the 2008 cholera epidemic? END
START what was the 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births? END
START what was the 1990 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births? END
START how many midwives are listed per 1,000 live births? END
START how many pregnant women die as a result of pregnancy? END
START according to unicef, what percentage of women in guinea-bissau had undergone female genital mutilation? END
START what are the ages when education is compulsory? END
START what gender has a higher enrollment? END
START what was the gross primary enrollment rate in 1998? END
START what was the gross primary enrollment rate for males? END
START what was the gross primary enrollment rate for females? END
START what type of secondary schools does guinea-bissau have? END
START what institutions have added a faculty of law? END
START what institutions have added a faculty of medicine? END
START what two words are used to describe the faculty of law and faculty of medicine? END
START what music genre is usually associated with guinea-bissau? END
START what is considered the country's primary musical export? END
START what major factor has kept gumbe out of mainstream audiences? END
START what other type of countries has gumbe been kept out of? END
START what is the primary instrument of guinea-bissau? END
START what type of music is the calabash used in? END
START what language are lyrics typically sung in? END
START what do typical song lyrics revolve around? END
START what is the main controversy found in song lyrics? END
START what is sometimes used as a generic word for any music of guinea-bissau? END
START gumbe fuses how many of the country's folk music traditions? END
START other than gumbe, what are two popular music genres? END
START what sound comes from the bissagos islands? END
START what type of tradition includes ceremonial music used in funerals? END
START what grain is a staple for residents near the coast of guinea-bissau? END
START what grain is a staple for residents in the interior of guinea-bissau? END
START who encouraged peanut production in guinea-bissau? END
START what type of oil is harvested? END
START what kind of pea is part of the diet in guinea-bissau? END
START what are common dishes in guinea-bissau? END
START what are common ingredients in guinea-bissau? END
START what are spices, peppers and chilis used in? END
START what is another name for guinea pepper? END
START what are guinea peppers used in? END
START who is an internationally renowned film director from guinea-bissau? END
START what is flora gomes' most famous film? END
START what year was the first feature film made in guinea-bissau? END
START who directed the first feature film in guinea-bissau? END
START what prize did the film mortu nega win? END
START what is the grid plan aligned with rather than the cardinal directions? END
START in this article, how many degrees north of true west is "west?" END
START does this article cover east-west or north-south streets? END
START which streets have their own linked articles? END
START which streets are one-way eastbound? END
START odd-numbered streets are one-way in which direction? END
START do most wide streets carry one-way or two-way traffic? END
START what happens at broadway below 8th street? END
START what happens at fifth avenue from 8th street and above? END
START do streets' names change from west to east or north to south? END
START the grid covers the length of the island from what starting point? END
START which street do numbered streets begin just north of? END
START in what village is east houston street located? END
START which village already had streets when the grid plan was laid out? END
START who laid out the grid plan? END
START what is the highest numbered street on manhattan island? END
START what is the highest street number within the borough of manhattan? END
START what is the highest street number in the bronx? END
START where is first place located? END
START where is east first street located? END
START what is the spot where the grid takes hold called? END
START what shape is the sliver park where houston street, first street, and first avenue meet? END
START which street begins just north of east houston street at avenue a? END
START east 1st street begins just north of east houston street at avenue a and continues to where? END
START east 6th street continues further eastward and connects to which drive? END
START where is the east end of east 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 7th streets? END
START which avenue is the starting location for east 2nd street? END
START which street begins just north of east huston street and continues to bowery? END
START what name did 3rd street previously hold? END
START which village do 3rd and 4th street extend into? END
START which street connects east 3rd to west 3rd? END
START the west end of these streets is third avenue and where? END
START which apartments interrupt east 5th street between first avenue and avenue a? END
START what is the public school number that interrupts east 5th street? END
START which school interrupts east 5th street? END
START east 5th street goes west to what stopping point? END
START west 8th street is an important local street for what activity? END
START 8th street between avenue a and third avenue is called what? END
START where do 8th and 9th streets begin? END
START where do 8th and 9th streets end? END
START which park interrupts 8th and 9th street at avenue b? END
START which bus operates on 10th street between avenues d and a and between west street and sixth ave? END
START does the two-way section of 10th street have a dedicated bike lane? END
START the end of what road was once home to newgate prison? END
START which prison was new york city's first? END
START what was the name of the united states' second prison? END
START which street runs from broadway to west street? END
START when was the old grapevine tavern demolished? END
START 11th street and 6th avenue was the home of what tavern from the 1700s? END
START what church interuppts 11th street between broadway and fourth avenue? END
START 13th street is divided into how many parts? END
START the first part of 13th street is a dead end from which avenue? END
START where does the second part of 13th street end? END
START which street has its third section between eighth avenue and tenth avenue? END
START where does 14th street begin? END
START where does 14th street end? END
START how many subway stations are on 14th street? END
START what is the length of 14th street in miles? END
START where does 15th street start? END
START which road starts at a dead end half way between fdr drive and avenue c? END
START 16th street pauses at which square? END
START which square stops both 15th and 16th streets? END
START what is unusual about the traffic between broadway and park avenue south on 17th street? END
START does traffic on 17th street generally run one way or two ways? END
START what was the job of the person who lived at 327 east 17th street? END
START where was time magazine started? END
START what was antonin dvorak's new york home replaced with after it was demolished? END
START what is at the crossing of 18th street and seventh avenue? END
START which train line do the 1 2 trains serve? END
START which train line used to have an 18th street station at the crossing with park avenue south? END
START where does 10th street start? END
START at which avenue do 21st and 22nd streets begin? END
START what is different about 20th street between avenue c and first avenue? END
START which street is much wider from avenue c to first avenue? END
START how does traffic travel on the last block of the 20th, 21st, and 22nd streets? END
START which street is also known as police officer anthony sanchez way? END
START what is 21st street known as along the northern perimeter of gramercy park? END
START between what avenues is 21st street known by police officer anthony sanchez way? END
START which police officer does a section of 21st street refer to? END
START where does 23rd street begin? END
START where does 23rd street end? END
START what is the length of 23rd street in kilometers? END
START does traffic move in one or two ways on 23rd street? END
START how many local subway stations are on 23rd street? END
START which street is a pedestrian plaza between third avenue and lexington avenue? END
START where does 24th street start? END
START which park is at the end of 24th street and madison avenue? END
START where does 25th street end? END
START after being interrupted, where do 24th and 25th streets continue from? END
START which street does club row occur on? END
START which strip is known for its numerous nightclubs and lounges? END
START what is the strip of 27th street between tenth and eleventh avenues known as? END
START does traffuc on 27th street run one-way or two-ways? END
START where does 27th street start? END
START how many blocks south of 27th street is manhattan's meatpacking district? END
START which businesses on 27th street face competition from other venues in dowtown manhattan? END
START what direction is manhattan's meatpacking district from west 27th street? END
START the fashion institute of technology is on the corner of 27th street and what avenue? END
START what year was the new york life building built? END
START who designed the new york life building? END
START which hospital is located at the end if 27th street? END
START which park does 27th street pass through between ninth and tenth avenues? END
START where does 31st street begin? END
START which church is situated at 135-139 west 31st street? END
START who owned the building at 29 east 32nd street between 1890 and 1917? END
START the corner of broadway and west 31st street is home to what business? END
START which religios center is located at 210 west? END
START where does 35th street begin? END
START where does 35th street end? END
START on which street does laptopmd headquarters sit? END
START on which street is the jacob k. javits convention center located? END
START which street runs from fdr drive to eleventh avenue? END
START what is the section of east 58th street between lexington and second avenues known as? END
START which section of eat 58th street features high end interior design and decoration establishments? END
START designers' way occurs on east 58th street between lexington and which other avenue? END
START which street begins at east drive, at engineers gate of central park? END
START which church is located on east 90th street between second and third avenue? END
START which towers are located at 1601 and 1619 third avenue? END
START what is located on east 90th street between york avenue and east end avenue? END
START where does 112th street start? END
START which street runs from riverside drive to amsterdam avenue? END
START which road meets the steps of the cathedral of saint john the divine? END
START which library is columbia university's largest? END
START 114th street marks the southern boundary of which university's morningside heights campus? END
START 114th street runs along which boundary of columbia university's morningside heights campus? END
START on which street is a private indoor pedestrian bridge between amsterdam avenue and morningside drive? END
START aove 114th street is a private pedestrian bridge connecting two buildings from what organization? END
START a bridge connecting two of st. luke's-roosevelt hospital center's buildings crosses above which road? END
START on which road does 120th street begin? END
START the interchurch center is the start of which street? END
START morningside park interrupts which street? END
START who formerly lived at 58 west? END
START 120th street turns into paladino avenue and into a pedestrian bridge across what road? END
START which memorial park divides 122nd street? END
START which park divides 122nd street along with marcus garvey memorial park? END
START how many segments is 122nd street divided into? END
START are 122nd street's three segments contiguous or noncontiguous? END
START how many blocks west of second avenue does e 122nd street run? END
START at which park does e 122nd street end? END
START at which intersection does e 122nd street terminate? END
START what is another name for fourth avenue? END
START a segment of what road crosses portions of third avenue, lexington, and park and runs in east harlem? END
START at which intersection does w 122nd street terminate? END
START at which park does w 122nd street end? END
START how many blocks west from the intersection of mount morris park does w 122nd street run? END
START through which historical district does w 122nd street run? END
START what is an alternative name for sixth avenue? END
START what is another name for tenth avenue? END
START at which intersection does w 122nd street end? END
START what is another name for ninth avenue? END
START which district surrounds columbia university? END
START besides the union theological seminary, which other seminary touches seminary row? END
START other than the jewish theological seminary, which other seminary touches seminary row? END
START which road runs by two seminaries, the manhattan school of music, riverside church, and grant's tomb? END
START who is the main character in taxi driver? END
START what street is mentioned in the movie taxi driver as the location where a cab driver is assaulted? END
START which character in taxi driver deemed 122nd street as "mau mau land"? END
START what is the term given to 122nd street by wizard in taxi driver indicating the area is majority black? END
START which neighborhood surrounds 122nd street? END
START which street in west harlem runs just two blocks between amersterdam avenue and claremont avenue? END
START la salle street runs between amsterdam avenue and which other avenue? END
START in which neighborhood does la salle street run? END
START which street was swallowed up to make low income housing projects? END
START which street is the only area left of the routing onto old manhattan avenue? END
START there is a small stretch of what road between broadway and twelfth avenue? END
START the main portion of what road runs eastbound from frederick douglass boulevard to park avenue? END
START on what avenue is a southbound exit and entrance to the harlem river drive? END
START west 132nd street is interrupted by st. nicholas park and which college? END
START west 132nd street is interrupted by city college and which park? END
START who takes care of the 132nd street community garden? END
START the 132nd street community garden is located between malcom x boulevard and what other boulevard? END
START in which year did the garden receive a makover with a water distribution system? END
START who funded the 132nd street community garden's water distribution system? END
START how much did the 132nd street community garden's water distribution system cost? END
START what is the 132nd street bus depot currently known as? END
START what was the manhattanville bus depot formerly known as? END
START in which neighborhood is the manhattanville bus depot? END
START the former 132nd street bus depot is located between broadway and what other drive in the manhattanville neighborhood? END
START how many crosstown streets are mapped in the commissioner's plan of 1811? END
START which street is the northernmost of the streets mapped in the commissioner's plan of 1811? END
START which street forms the boundary between harlem and washington heights? END
START what document established manhattan's numbered street grid? END
START 155th street forms the boundary between harlem and what other neighborhood? END
START where does 155th street start? END
START 155th street crosses broadway, amsterdam avenue, and what other avenue? END
START how many meters long is the viaduct on which 155th street travels? END
START in what year was the viaduct along 155th street constructed? END
START a section of 155th street connects harlem river drive and what avenue? END
START 181st street runs through what neighborhood? END
START what is the west end of 181st street called? END
START does plaza lafayette refer to the east or west end of 181st street? END
START which river does 181st street run near? END
START which road runs from the washington bridge to the henry hudson parkway? END
START in which direction is 181st street largely residential? END
START in which direction is 181st street mostly commercial? END
START which street marks the western boundary of the shopping distrit? END
START which river touches the major shopping district near 181st street? END
START how many subway lines serve 181st street? END
START how many metres apart are 181st street's two subway stations? END
START on what avenue is the george wasington bridge bus terminal? END
START which road is the trans-manhattan expressway's last south/west exit? END
START 187th street runs from laurel hill terrace in the east to which avenue in the west? END
START what is 187th street interrupted by? END
START where do the stairs interrupting 187th street lead to? END
START an area of 187th street serves as the main shopping district for which neighborhood? END
START which is the eastmost intersection that 187th street has? END
START which is the westernmost intersection that 187th street has? END
START wadsworth avenue is intersected by what street? END
START which school is located on cabrini boulevard? END
START on what street is the dombrov shtiebel? END
START which university has a campus on 187th street? END
START cabrini boulevard is just north of what street? END
START on what street is the mount sinai jewish center? END
START what is the center of the nervous system in all creatures? END
START what is the most complex organ in an animal's body? END
START in people, how many neurons make up the cerebral cortex? END
START neurons in the brain interact with each other by fibers called what? END
START a few animals without spines that do not have a brain are what? END
START hormones secreted are driven by what organ in the body? END
START what type of responsiveness can be used without a brain? END
START reflexes only require one of what two structures in a body? END
START which part of a computer does the brain most resemble? END
START animals with a spine are called what? END
START animals without a spine are called what? END
START the easiest way to learn about brain anatomy is by what? END
START brain tissue is naturally soft, but can be stiffened with what liquid? END
START the two main areas of the brain are what colors? END
START what instrument can you use to examine the microstructure of the brain? END
START grey matter of the brain is what color? END
START brains of organisms are made up mostly of what two classes of cells? END
START glial cells are also referred to as what? END
START which of the two broad classes of cells: neurons and glial cells send signals to other cells? END
START axons send signals that are named what? END
START what is the typical speed that axons send their electrical signals? END
START axons send signals to other neurons by junctions known as what? END
START the neurotansmitter binds to what of a target cell? END
START an axon can connect to how many other cells? END
START how many synapses does the human brain supposedly contain? END
START the fruit fly has a brain that has how many synapses? END
START a synapse whose purpose is to excite the target cell are called what? END
START the primary job of the brain is what? END
START axons grouped together are known as what? END
START an axon that can greatly increase speed of signals is wrapped in what? END
START myelin is what color in the brain? END
START most of the space in the brain is made up of what structures? END
START grey matter of the brain consist of lots of what? END
START creatures that have a diffuse nerve net are called what? END
START bilaterians are animals that have what? END
START the cambrian period was how long ago? END
START a nerve cord with an enlargement is called what? END
START what type of creature has a ganglion at the back end of the nerve cord as well? END
START a name for a group of primitive flatworms is what? END
START some bilaterians without a brain are what? END
START which two groups of invertebrates have complex brains? END
START arthropods and cephalopods have brains that come from a pair of what? END
START the invertebrates with the largest brain are what two animals? END
START which brains are easier to work on, vertebrates or invertebrates? END
START how long ago did the first vertebrate organisms appear? END
START during which scientific period did vertebrates appear? END
START sharks appeared at about how many mya? END
START the foremost part of the brain in mammals is known as what? END
START at how many mya did mammals first appear in time? END
START do predators have larger or smaller brains compared to their prey? END
START in mammals, brain volume and body mass follows a power law with an exponent of what? END
START which group of animals have brains 5-10 times larger than the formula predicts? END
START the forebrain during development is known as what? END
START the midbrain during development is known as what? END
START the hindbrain during development is known as what? END
START which group of animals does the forebrain grow the largest? END
START during development, the brain is made up of three swellings at the front of what? END
START brain tissue that is living is what color on the outside? END
START the color of the brain inside is what? END
START brains are surrounded by what system of tissues? END
START meninges separate what structure from the brain? END
START the blood-brain barrier is made up of what? END
START people who study the anatomy of the central nervous system are known as what? END
START the cerebral hemispheres of the brain are called what? END
START the thalamus and hypothalamus comprise what region of the brain? END
START the midbrain region of the brain is known as what? END
START clusters of small nuclei comprise what parts of the brain? END
START the forebrain is everted in what type of fishes? END
START which part of the brain has led to many distortions among different species? END
START a mammal's brain is how many times larger than a birds relative to body size? END
START a mammal's brain is how many times larger than a reptiles relative to body size? END
START the biggest difference between brains of mammals and other vertebrates is what? END
START what part of the brain most strongly differentiates mammals from other vertebrates? END
START the three-layered structure covering the cerebrum in non-mammals is known as what? END
START mammals have a pallium that involved into what? END
START the hippocampus and amygdala are ares inside what structure? END
START the superior colliculus is related to what sensual control of vertebrates? END
START the larger part of the cerebellum in mammals is called what? END
START the neocerebellum supports what other part of the brain? END
START comparing brain sizes among different creatures is used most commonly by what? END
START what is the average eq of a person? END
START primates have an eq in what range? END
START primates have a visual processing network of how many brain areas? END
START the visual processing areas occupy how much of the surface of the neocortex or primates? END
START planning, motivation, and attention are controlled by what area? END
START the prefrontal cortex is the largest in what animals? END
START the precursor of the nervous system is called what in vertebrates? END
START the neural groove is a hollow cord of cells with what in the center? END
START the forebrain splits during development into vesicles called what? END
START the vesicle that contains the cerebral cortex is which one? END
START the thalamus and hypothalamus are contained in which vesicle? END
START a growth cone of an axon is made up of a blob of what? END
START what two structures does a neuron extend when it is in place during development? END
START the infant brain contains more of what type of cells in the brain than the adult brain? END
START the olfactory bulb is related to what sense? END
START what area of the hippocampus plays a role in storing new memories? END
START which type of cells in the brain are generated throughout your lifetime? END
START neurogenesis is the process of what? END
START the electrical properties of neurons are controlled by what? END
START what type of signals do neurons transfer from one another? END
START chemicals called neurotransmitters are released at what part of the brain? END
START what do neurotransmitters attach to? END
START neurons that release the same chemicals are following what rule? END
START gaba is the abbreviation for what? END
START which of two neurotransmitters is usually inhibitory? END
START the neurostransmitter that usually excites targets is called what? END
START tranquilizers affect which of the two common neurotransmitters? END
START serotonin comes from what part of the brain? END
START antidepressants typically affect what chemical of the brain? END
START which chemical of the brain is involved with arousal? END
START norepinephrine comes from an area of the brain known as what? END
START an eeg of the brain stands for what? END
START meg of the brain is an abbreviation of what? END
START what type of test is used to tell that a brain is active even during sleep? END
START what type of brain waves are seen in mammals during sleep? END
START what type of brain waves are sen when a creature is awake, but inattentive? END
START what type of cells have a huge role in brain metabolism? END
START glial cells control what inside the brain? END
START where does the brain usually get most of its energy from inside the body? END
START the energy used for metabolism of the brain in humans is what percentage? END
START other sources than glucose that provide energy to the brain are what? END
START most vertebrates usually devote how much metabolism to the brain? END
START the function of the brain from an evolutionary-biological thought is what? END
START computers were invented in what decade in history? END
START neuroscience spawned from what field of science in history? END
START who wrote the book, the computer and the brain? END
START when was john von neumann's book, the computer and the brain published? END
START the scientific paper, what the frog's eye tells the frog's brain was released in what year? END
START who won a nobel prize for the discovery that cells in the visual cortex of monkeys become active when sharp edges move? END
START what is the project called that is trying to build a realistic, detailed computer model of the human brain? END
START what type of animal has a sense that adapted into sonar? END
START what type of animal uses infrared heat to sense? END
START the group of animals that can detect magnetic fields is what? END
START the group of creatures that can sense electric fields is what? END
START light-receptive neurons are located in what part of the eye? END
START vibration-sensitive neurons are found in what part of the ear? END
START signals are sent from the thalamus to what part of the brain? END
START what part of the body is controlled by nuclei in the midbrain? END
START all the muscles controlled by motor neurons in the body are controlled by what? END
START which motor areas of the brain control breathing and swallowing? END
START at the lowest level of the brain and spinal cord, are what areas? END
START the red nucleus controls what part(s) of the body? END
START a strip of tissue found at the edge of the frontal lobe is called what? END
START the primary motor cortex sends signals to the spinal cord through what? END
START the brain and spinal cord work together to control what system of the body? END
START what system in the body controls heart rate? END
START what system in the body controls salivation? END
START most of the processes of the autonomic nervous system are called what? END
START which system in the body controls urination? END
START the scn of the nervous system is an abbreviation for what? END
START the suprachiasmatic nucleus is a small part of what part of the brain? END
START which part of the arousal system controls the body's biological clock? END
START the rht is an abbreviation for what? END
START the scn receives information from the optic nerves through what? END
START a group of neuron-clusters scattered in the core of the lower brain is called what? END
START reticular neurons transfer signals to what part of the brain? END
START damage to the reticular formation can cause what? END
START the scn transfers signals to a set of areas that implement what? END
START there are two types of sleep called what? END
START what type of sleep involves dreaming? END
START the three types of brain activity that can be measured are what? END
START slow wave sleep is also known as what? END
START during what stage of sleep do serotonin and norepinephrine levels drop? END
START homeostasis is defined as what? END
START homeostasis is greek for what phrase? END
START the milieu interieur term was used by what physiologist? END
START homeostasis is like what household tool? END
START the hypothalamus is located at the base of what? END
START in vertebrates, the most important part of the brain is what? END
START a collection of small nuclei at the base of the forebrain is called what? END
START the gland directly underneath the hypothalamus is which gland? END
START the pituitary gland sends hormones through what in the body? END
START a set of interconnected areas at the base of the forebrain is called what? END
START the basal ganglia is thought to be the central location at which what are made? END
START which neurotransmitter plays a large role in drug abuse? END
START which of the two systems, reward or punishment is better understood? END
START in what year did tim bliss and terje lomo publish a paper about long-term potentiation? END
START bdnf is an abbreviation for what term? END
START learning and memory expressed as changes in the synaptic connections was first theorized by whom? END
START what field of science studies the brain and the central nervous system? END
START what scientific field tries to understand the mind and behavior? END
START what field of science strives to diagnose and treat diseases of the nervous system? END
START psychiatry is the branch of science that does what? END
START cognitive science seeks to join what two branches of science with other fields? END
START the oldest known method of studying the brain is what? END
START what do neuroanatomists study? END
START what type of study uses medical imaging techniques to correlate changes in brain structure? END
START until what century was brain studying mostly anatomical? END
START what do neurophysiologists study? END
START the most common tools that neurophysiologists use are what? END
START what type of receptors does the brain lack? END
START electrodes are often glued to what like in eeg studies? END
START the brain is surrounded by what type of fluid? END
START the brain is separated from the bloodstream by what feature? END
START the two main structures that protect the brain are what? END
START what type of disease if often studied to understand damage to the brain? END
START what type of animal is most commonly used to study brain damage? END
START computational neuroscience is concerned with what two studies? END
START what is the most common test subjects for studying of the brain? END
START where was the oldest brain that was found? END
START how old was the oldest brain discovered thought to be? END
START the oldest known brain discovered was found in how old of a person? END
START the oldest brain found in a cave was from what gender of human? END
START the seal of the soul was debated to lie in what two organs of the body? END
START aristotle thought the soul lied in what organ? END
START who invented the atomic theory of matter? END
START the "father of medicine" is a name given to whom in history? END
START what philosopher in history argued for a three-part soul? END
START the physician galen was from which country in history? END
START what period in history was anatomical  studies of nerves greatly increased? END
START who coined the term pneumata psychikon? END
START penumata psychikon is usually translated as what? END
START who found out that a shock of electricity to an exposed nerve of a dead frog caused contractions? END
START the tool that was invented to stain only a small fractions of neurons was called what? END
START what nationality was santiago ramon y cajal? END
START work in the first half the 20th century in electrical properties of nerve cells were by what two main scientists? END
START which decade in history was officially called the "decade of the brain"? END
START multielectrode recording allows what? END
START genetic engineering allows what? END
START what does genomics allow the study of? END
START during what century was multielectrode recording invented? END
START genetic engineering was first discovered in what century? END
START what is a geographical term that roughly encompasses western asia? END
START the term near east was originally applies to the maximum extent of what empire? END
START the term near east has fallen into disuses in what language? END
START what has replaced the term near east? END
START who defines the near east as including armenia, azerbaijan, bahrain, cyprus, egypt. georgia, iran, iraq, isreal, jordan, kuwait, lebanon, libya, oman, palestine, qatar, saudi arabia, sudan, syria, turkey, the united arab emirates, the west bank, and yemen? END
START the food and agriculture organization of the united nations also includes what country in the definition of near east? END
START what group believes the terms near east and middle east denote the same territories? END
START what empire included all of the balkan peninsula north to the southern edge of the hungarian plain at the beginning of the 19th century? END
START when did the ottoman empire lose all of it's empire except constantinople and eastern thrace? END
START the rise of what saw the independence of greece, serbia, the danubian principalities and bulgaria? END
START until what year did the ottomans retain a band of territory including albania, macedonia and thrace? END
START when did the ottomans lose the territory of albania, macedonia and thrace? END
START how was the ottoman empire portrayed in the press? END
START the balkan states were primarily what religion?  END
START when did the ottomans strike at the armenians? END
START what are the grounds on which the ottomans struck at the armenians? END
START what aroused the indignation of the entire christian world? END
START when did "near east" come into use to describe the part of the east closest to europe? END
START in short, the term far east appeared to name this area END
START "near east" applied to this mainly known area END
START what was the jurisdiction of the levant in?  END
START what was needed to set foot on most of the shores of the southern and central mediterranean?  END
START what was one region included that was occupied by piratical kingdoms? END
START where were the piratical kingdoms from?  END
START why was iran included in the collection of regions?  END
START what did the term near east focus on in the 1890s? END
START the demise of what left considerable confusion as to what was to be meant by "near east"  END
START the terms "near east" and "far east" referring to areas of the globe in or contiguous to the former british empire and the neighboring colonies fit together as a pair based on what?  END
START when do the terms "near east" and "far east" appear together in journals?  END
START the term near east and far east were used in british and american meanings when referring to what?  END
START who used the terms near gaul? END
START the appearance of what culture using the terms appears in linear b? END
START usually the terms were given when referencing what?   END
START what divided asia on a similar basis?  END
START "scythia this side of the himalayas" is located where?  END
START "india on this side of the ganges" is located where?  END
START "scythia beyond the himalayas" is located where?  END
START where did asia begin?  END
START when was john seller's atlas maritima? END
START what had "india beyond the ganges" become?  END
START china, korea, southeast asia and the islands of the pacific were included in what?  END
START what was only an english translation of latin oriens and orientalis, "the land of the rising sun"? END
START what year did jodocus hondius make his world map?  END
START where was elizabeth i from? END
START what was elizabeth primarily interested in?  END
START who did elizabeth i collaborate with? END
START what was the goal of the first trading companies? END
START what company was charted in 1600 for trade to the east indies? END
START what has pleased western historians? END
START what was always in question from the beginning of the ottoman empire?  END
START what was the ottoman empire created from? END
START how did the last roman emperor die? END
START where was the roman emperor's capital? END
START the populations did not accept what? END
START the hungarians had thrown off turkish rule by what year?  END
START what created serbia? END
START when was the serbian revolution? END
START when was the greek war of independence? END
START when did the russian empire begin to question the existence of the ottoman empire? END
START when was the crimean war? END
START during the crimean war who did the british and french support? END
START what was the ottoman empire's struggle against in the crimean war? END
START the ottoman empire eventually lost control of what region? END
START until what year did the words near east and far east not refer to any particular region?  END
START what brought a change in vocabulary? END
START the russian empire became more militarily active against who? END
START who decided the two polities under attack were necessary for the balance of power?  END
START what empire began promulgating a new vocabulary? END
START when was a reprint of a letter sent to the times appear in littel's living age? END
START who was the author of the letter sent to the times? END
START what was thomas taylor meadows replying to? END
START what was one of the earliest presentations of this vocabulary? END
START what was said must represent usage by that administration? END
START who had formed the club that contained much of the colonial administration? END
START what remained popular in diplomatic, trade and journalistic circles? END
START what variation soon developed among the scholars and the men of the cloth and their associates? END
START there was a need to separate what from the terrain of the ottoman empire? END
START what did the christians see the country as? END
START how did the scholars attempt their definition?  END
START when was the london review? END
START rawlinson, layard and others were reviewed in what? END
START who wrote the london review of 1861? END
START what region was explicitly excluded? END
START what region has no mention? END
START assyria, chaldea, mesopotamia, persia, armenia, egypt, arabia, syria, palestine, ethiopia, caucasus, libya, anatolia, and abyssinia were all what? END
START what does hogarth say in detail? END
START hogarth makes no mention of what? END
START how is hogarth's analysis? END
START when did the term "near east" acquire considerable disrepute? END
START the term "near east" acquired considerable disrepute in whose eyes? END
START what was the cause of the onus? END
START what was the cause of the hamidian massacres of armenians? END
START when was robert hickens' book wrote? END
START reports from who made the change evident? END
START where did sir henry norman travel in 1894 END
START what book did sir henry norman write after traveling to the far east? END
START what year did sir henry norman's book come out?  END
START where did the normans go off to instead of publishing the book? END
START when did norman publish parts of his planned travel book? END
START what magazine did norman publish his work in? END
START who were liberators of oppressed balkan states? END
START who did norman say "turned her back"? END
START what does norman mean in the article when saying "near east"? END
START what is the rest of the ottoman domain demoted to? END
START "the east" refers to what? END
START what was william miller's life span? END
START what was william miller an expert on? END
START so to speak, what did william miller do? END
START where did miller attend school? END
START miller's words were considered what? END
START it was considered europe needed what country? END
START what was miller citing? END
START the ottoman empire had no choice but to develop their relationship with what country? END
START who supported the austro-hungarian empire? END
START who did the british empire side with? END
START the formation of the triple entente and the triple alliance partly caused what? END
START by what year were three empires gone?  END
START what year was arnold j toynbee becoming metaphysical about the near east? END
START who was the hegelesque historian of civilization? END
START arnold j toynbee believed what? END
START what was able to rise from the death of the near east? END
START what notable nation was able to rise from the ashes of the near east? END
START how did the republic of turkey align themselves? END
START who was the founder of the republic of turkey? END
START who was a former ottoman high-ranking officer? END
START when was the term middle east common as a noun and adjective? END
START the middle east was not common in diplomacy and what other context? END
START where did the "far east" derive from?  END
START where did the ottoman empire end? END
START why did archaeologists count iran as "the near east"? END
START where did the use of the term middle east as a region of international affairs begin? END
START what was iran known as to the west? END
START when did thomas edward gordon publish "the problem of the middle east"? END
START what article did thomas edward gordon publish? END
START the problem of the middle east was published by who? END
START what threat caused gordon to publish his article? END
START who was a diplomat and military officer? END
START who had not used the term middle east previously in publications? END
START who was a member of american diplomatic and military circles? END
START what was alfred thayer mahan concerned about? END
START when did alfred thayer mahan comment on the trade routes? END
START who did not connect with the soldier? END
START what did mahan believe he was innovating? END
START what had already been there to be seen? END
START the near east and the middle east coexisted until what period? END
START who was the colonial officer killed in china? END
START who wrote the 1910 book 'the conflict of color'? END
START what was simpson's pen-name? END
START what is the basis of simpson's unity? END
START the great whites were appearing as late as what time? END
START in whose works were the great whites appearing? END
START what was mainly of interest in america? END
START these regions were occupied by who? END
START where where the yellow? END
START where were the black? END
START when did kenya become independent? END
START the color issue was not settled until when? END
START the ottomans were portrayed as what? END
START who is known as the saint of all british colonial officers? END
START what did charles george gordon spend his time between? END
START when did he win ottoman confidence? END
START what did he become in his later career? END
START when did the term "near and middle east" hold stage? END
START what proved to be less acceptable to a colonial point of view? END
START when did captain t.c. fowle write of a trip he had taken from karachi to syria? END
START who were the 40th pathans? END
START in the book fowle wrote, what is the entire region considered? END
START what prevailed with the disgrace of "near east"? END
START what continues in some circles at the discretion of the defining agency or academic department? END
START what term was disgraced in diplomatic and military circles? END
START what sentiment persists even though racial and colonial definitions of the middle east are no longer ideologically sound? END
START what definitions of the middle east are no longer ideologically sound? END
START what are racial and colonial definitions of the middle east considered? END
START when were terms such as "near east", "far east", and "middle east" relegated to the experts? END
START where did the new wave of diplomats often come from? END
START where did archaeology on the international scene fall into? END
START what replaced the fallen empires of the 19th century? END
START what is the chief remaining nation to assign official responsibilities to a region called the near east? END
START what has the state department been most influential in promulgating? END
START who has abandoned the term near east? END
START the bureau of near eastern affairs is a division of what? END
START what is perhaps the most influential agency to still use the term near east? END
START secretary clinton also calls the implementation of official diplomacy of the united states what? END
START who works closely with the definition of the near east? END
START what is nesa? END
START what does nesa teach? END
START what is winep? END
START what is wineps target countries as? END
START how does winep bundle the countries of northwest africa? END
START what does loc stand for? END
START what is the library of congress? END
START the library of congress is under whose supervision? END
START who formulates multiple regional divisions as is convenient for its various operations? END
START who recognizes the "middle east and north africa" region? END
START the united nations statistics division defines western asia to contain what? END
START the food and agriculture organization describes its entire theater of operations as what? END
START what is a quasi-independent agency of the united states government? END
START the cia appears to have what? END
START who appoints the director of the cia? END
START who oversees the operations of the cia? END
START the near east of the nesa is the same as the middle east define in what? END
START what does nesa stand for? END
START whose duties are defined as "support on middle eastern and north african countries?" END
START what does usaid stand for? END
START what is the independant agency under the department of state for the purpose of determining and distributing foreign aid called? END
START what term does usaid not use? END
START the foreign and commonwealth office of united kingdom recognizes what? END
START what region does the foreign and commonwealth office of united kingdom not recognize? END
START what consumed the near east as far as the red sea? END
START what does the ministry of foreign affairs of the republic of greece conduct? END
START the ministry of foreign affairs of the republic of turkey does not use what term? END
START the middle east, the balkans and others are included in what republic? END
START what is a term of the 20th centrury intended to stabilize the geographical application of near east to ancient history? END
START the ancient nations, people and languages of the enhanced fertile crescent will always refer to what? END
START what is the sweep of land from the nile valley through anatolia called? END
START james bennett pritchard wrote what? END
START when did james bennett pritchard write his textbook? END
START who was a british archaeologist? END
START who excavated ancient ur? END
START what do most universities teaching liberal arts have?  END
START what has had parallel growth of in the 20th century? END
START what are these resources collected for? END
START what does csad stand for? END
START who founded the csad? END
START where is oxford university? END
START where did a large percentage of experts on the modern middle east began their training? END
START what is the meaning of near east in numerous establishments and publications? END
START what is almost never mixed or confused with studies of the ancient near east? END
START what includes such languages as sumerian and akkadian? END
START what was zhejiang formerly romanized as? END
START which province is zhejiang bordered by to the northwest? END
START which province is zhejiang bordered by to the west? END
START which province is zhejiang bordered by to the south? END
START which body of water is to the east of zhejiang? END
START what was zhejiang never romanized as? END
START  which province is zhejiang bordered by to the southwest? END
START  which province is zhejiang bordered by to the southeast? END
START  which province is zhejiang bordered by to the northeast? END
START  which body of water is to the west of zhejiang? END
START what is the former name of the qiantang river? END
START what does the mouth of the qiantang river form? END
START what does zhe mean in chinese? END
START which river does the province of zhejiang derive its name from? END
START what does the qiantang river flow past? END
START what is the current name of the qiantang river? END
START what is the former name of the zhe river? END
START  what does zhe mean in japanese? END
START  which lake does the province of zhejiang derive its name from? END
START  what does the qiantang ocean flow past? END
START what kind of cultures were the hemudu and liangzhu? END
START where was the site of the hemudu and liangzhu cultures? END
START what year was there an analysis of the dna recovered from human remains in liangzhu culture? END
START which culture were the austronesian and tai-kadai peoples linked to in the dna analysis? END
START what haplogroup did a dna analysis of the liangzhu culture reveal? END
START  what kind of culture are the hemudu and liangzhu? END
START  where was the site of the hemudu and liangzhu cultures relocated to? END
START what happened in 2006? END
START which culture were the austronesian and tai-kadai peoples not linked to in the dna analysis? END
START what haplogroup did a dna analysis of the liangzhu culture not reveal? END
START who populated the areas of zhejiang in the 2nd millennium bc? END
START when did the kingdom of yue begin to appear? END
START where was the kingdom of yue located according to chronicles? END
START who does shiji claim that its leaders were descended from? END
START what does the sword of goujian bear? END
START who populated the areas of zhejiang in the 1st millennium bc? END
START  when did the kingdom of yue end? END
START  where was the kingdom of yue located according to new chronicles? END
START  who does shiji reject that its leaders were descended from? END
START  what does the sword of goujian not have on it? END
START what was the initial power base for xiang liang and xiang yu's rebellion? END
START who did the kingdom of chu eventually fall to? END
START in later han, which mount did control of the area return to the settlement below? END
START who led a rebellion with xiang liang against the qin empire? END
START which empire did xiang liang and xiang yu rebel against? END
START what wasn't the initial power base for xiang liang and xiang yu's rebellion? END
START  who did the kingdom of chu never fall to? END
START in early han, which mount did control of the area return to the settlement below? END
START  who led a rebellion with xiang liang with the qin empire? END
START  which empire did xiang liang and xiang yu team up with? END
START when was the beginning of the three kingdoms era? END
START what was home to the warlord yan baihu? END
START what kingdom did sun ce and sun quan eventually establish? END
START where was their court in kuaiji removed to? END
START along with manchuria, where did trade reach as far as? END
START  when was the end of the three kingdoms era? END
START  what wasn't home to the warlord yan baihu? END
START  what kingdom did sun ce and sun quan never establish? END
START where was their court in kuaiji demolished? END
START along with manchuria, where did trade never go to? END
START when was zhejiang part of the wu? END
START what is another name for wu or eastern wu? END
START what was the most developed state among the three kingdoms? END
START which historical novel records that zhejiang had the best-equipped, strong navy force? END
START along with wei, which state avoided direct conflict with wu? END
START when was zhejiang part of the lu? END
START  what is another name for western wu? END
START  what was the least developed state among the three kingdoms? END
START which historical novel records that zhejiang had the worst-equipped, weak navy force? END
START  along with wei, which state did not avoid direct conflict with wu? END
START what was nanjing formerly known as? END
START what was the former name of hangzhou? END
START besides qiantang and jiankang, what was the other major metropolitan center in the south? END
START what year was qiantang raised in status and renamed hangzhou? END
START how many major metropolitan centers were there in the south at the time? END
START  what is nanjing currently known as? END
START  what is jiankang formerly known as? END
START  what is the current name of hangzhou? END
START what happened in 578? END
START when was the jin dynasty? END
START where did the clan of zhuge liang gather together? END
START when did zhuge village isolate itself until? END
START what kind of geography is in zhejiang? END
START when did zhuge liang live from? END
START what dynasty ended in 265? END
START what dynasty started in 420? END
START  what kind of geography is not in zhejiang? END
START  when did zhuge village expose itself until? END
START who died in 181? END
START when did the six dynasties end? END
START what was the wealthiest area during the six dynasties? END
START which dynasty restored and expanded the network that became the grand canal of china? END
START what river was one of the grand canal of china's hinterlands? END
START when did the five dynasties end? END
START what ended in 220? END
START what started in 579? END
START  what ocean was one of the grand canal of china's hinterlands? END
START when did the song dynasty reestablish unity around? END
START when was the north lost to the jurchen jin dynasty? END
START what was hangzhou known as while the capitol of the southern song? END
START when was the yuan dynasty established? END
START what did marco polo call lin'an when he visited it? END
START what happened in 950? END
START who dissolved in 960? END
START what happened in 1126? END
START when was the south lost to the jurchen jin dynasty? END
START what were greenware ceramics made from? END
START what color tint is longquan greenware characterized by? END
START what period did longquan ceramics decline? END
START what kilns were longquan kilns replaced by in popularity and production? END
START what decorations are yuan longquan celadons derived from? END
START what were blueware ceramics made from? END
START what were redware ceramics made from? END
START  what period did longquan ceramics rise? END
START what kilns were longquan kilns not replaced by in popularity and production? END
START  what decorations are yuan longquan non-celadons derived from? END
START what do 'to-min' mean? END
START what does 'yoh-hu' mean? END
START what does 'si-min' mean? END
START what does tanka mean?  END
START what is 'keh chiang' a romanization for? END
START what do 'mo-min' mean? END
START  what does 'yoh-hue' mean? END
START  what does 'se-min' mean? END
START what does tonka mean? END
START  what is 'keh chyng' a romanization for? END
START during which war did the british navy defeat eight banners forces at ningbo and dinghai? END
START when was the treaty of nanking signed? END
START what became one of the five chinese treaty ports under the terms of the treaty of nanking? END
START what did much of zhejiang come under control of during the taiping rebellion? END
START when did wenzhou become zhejiang's second treaty port? END
START during which war did the british navy get beaten by eight banners forces at ningbo and dinghai? END
START  when was the treaty of nanking rejected? END
START what did not become one of the five chinese treaty ports under the terms of the treaty of nanking? END
START what did much of zhejiang reject of during the taiping rebellion? END
START  when did wenzhou become zhejiang's third treaty port? END
START what war did the second sino-japanese war lead into? END
START who occupied much of zhejiang during the second sino-japanese war? END
START how many estimated civilians were killed by the japanese searching for doolittle's men? END
START what type of american crews came down in china following the doolittle raid? END
START the japanese puppet state that occupied zhejiang was called what? END
START  what war did the third sino-japanese war lead into? END
START what led into world war i? END
START who occupied none of zhejiang during the second sino-japanese war? END
START  how many estimated civilians were rescued by the japanese searching for doolittle's men? END
START when did the people's republic of china take control of mainland china? END
START when did the republic of china control the dachen islands until? END
START when was the cultural revolution? END
START when was the high tide of the cultural revolution? END
START what production did the agricultural policy favor over industrial and cash crops? END
START what happened in 1944? END
START what happened in 1956? END
START what happened from 1955-1977? END
START when was the low tide of the cultural revolution? END
START what type of resources does zhejiang have a lack of? END
START what is zhejiang's location vulnerable to from the sea? END
START what type of development has zhejiang been an epicenter of? END
START which part of zhejiang is part of the yangtze delta? END
START what type of geography is northeast zhejiang? END
START  what type of resources does zhejiang have a lot of? END
START  what is zhejiang's location not vulnerable to from the sea? END
START  what type of development has zhejiang never been an epicenter of? END
START  which part of zhejiang is not part of the yangtze delta? END
START  what type of geography is southeast zhejiang? END
START what does zhejiang consist mostly of? END
START what percent of zhejiang is hills? END
START what is the highest peak of the province? END
START how high is huangmaojian peak in meters? END
START how high is huangmaojian peak in feet? END
START  what does zhejiang not consist mostly of? END
START what percent of zhejiang is flat? END
START  what is the lowest peak of the province? END
START  how low is huangmaojian peak in meters? END
START  how low is huangmaojian peak in feet? END
START what does the north of the province lie just south of? END
START where does the grand canal of china end? END
START what is a major river of the province in addition to the qiangtang river? END
START what is a well-known lake of hangzhou? END
START what is a well-known lake of jiaxing? END
START  what does the north of the province lie just north of? END
START  where does the grand canal of japan end? END
START what is a minor river of the province in addition to the qiangtang river? END
START  what is not a well-known lake of hangzhou? END
START what is not a well-known lake of jiaxing? END
START how many islands are along the rugged coastline of zhejiang? END
START what is the largest island near zhejiang? END
START what is the largest bay of zhejiang? END
START how many distinct seasons does zhejiang have? END
START when does spring start in zhejiang? END
START  how many islands are not along the rugged coastline of zhejiang? END
START  what is the smallest bay of zhejiang? END
START  how many seasons does zhejiang never have? END
START how many prefecture-level divisions of zhejiang are there? END
START how many county-level divisions of zhejiang are there? END
START how many township-level divisions of zhejiang are there? END
START what is the largest base of shooting films and tv dramas in china? END
START what is called 'china's hollywood'? END
START how many unprefecture-level divisions of zhejiang are there? END
START  how many non-county-level divisions of zhejiang are there? END
START  how many township-level divisions of zhejiang are there? END
START  what is called 'china's new york'? END
START how are the politics of zhejiang structured? END
START who is the highest-ranking official in the people's government of zhejiang? END
START who is the governor subordinate to? END
START what is the zhejiang communist party of china (cpc) provincial committee secretary provincially known as? END
START what type of party-government system are all governing institutions in mainland china? END
START how are the politics of zhejiang not structured? END
START who is the lowest-ranking official in the people's government of zhejiang? END
START  who is the governor not subordinate to? END
START what is the zhejiang communist party of china (cpc) provincial committee secretary not provincially known as? END
START what type of party-government system are never governing institutions in mainland china? END
START when was tan zhenlin's term as zhenjiang's communist party secretary? END
START who was the inaugural communist party secretary of zhenjiang? END
START when was the so-called february countercurrent? END
START when was jiang hua's term? END
START when was the case against the gang of four? END
START what happened in 1948? END
START what was the march countercurrent 1967? END
START when was the october countercurrent? END
START  when was the case against the gang of five? END
START what is the province traditionally known as? END
START what is the main crop of the province? END
START what is the second main crop of the province? END
START what part of zhejiang is a center of aquaculture in china? END
START what is the largest fishery in the country? END
START what is the province never known as? END
START what isn't the main crop of the province? END
START  what is the least main crop of the province? END
START  what part of zhejiang is not a center of aquaculture in china? END
START  what is the smallest fishery in the country? END
START what is an important commercial port along with ningbo, wenzhou and taizhou? END
START what bridge is between haiyan county and cixi? END
START what is the longest bridge over a continuous body of sea water in the world? END
START what kind of ports are taizhou and ningbo? END
START the hangzhou bay bridge goes between haiyan county and where else? END
START what is not an important commercial port along with ningbo, wenzhou and taizhou? END
START  what bridge does not go to haiyan county? END
START  what bridge does not go to cixi? END
START what kind of ports are taizhou and ningbo not considered? END
START what is zhejiang's own development model dubbed? END
START what is the zhejiang model based on prioritizing and encouraging? END
START what direction is the economic heart of zhejiang moving toward? END
START what was the annual real growth of urbanites in zhejiang in 2009? END
START what was zhejiang's nominal gdp in yuan for 2011? END
START what is zhejiang's own development model not considered? END
START  what is the zhejiang model based discouraging? END
START  what direction is the economic heart of zhejiang moving away from? END
START what was the annual real growth of urbanites in zhejiang in 2008? END
START  what was zhejiang's nominal gdp in yuan for 2001? END
START what day of the week was september 15, 2011? END
START what village protested over the large-scale death of fish in a nearby river on september 15, 2011? END
START how many company vehicles did angry protesters overturn at the zhejiang jinko solar company? END
START how many more nights after the first day did protests last? END
START who was the deputy head of haining's environmental protection bureau at the time? END
START  what day of the week was september 14, 2011? END
START what happened in september 15 2001? END
START when did people agree with the large-scale death of fish? END
START what did 50 people protest against? END
START what kind of chinese make up the vast majority of the population? END
START what varieties of chinese do the largest han subgroup speak? END
START how many members of ethnic minorities are there? END
START how many she people are there? END
START where is the only she autonomous county in china? END
START what kind of japanese make up the vast majority of the population? END
START  what varieties of chinese do the smallest han subgroup speak? END
START  how many members of ethnic majorities are there? END
START  how many non-she people are there? END
START  where is the only she autonomous county in japan? END
START what is another predominant religion of zhejiang besides chinese folk religions and taoist traditions? END
START according to surveys in 2007 and 2009, what percent of the population believes in cults of ancestors? END
START according to surveys in 2007 and 2009, what percent of the population identifies as christian? END
START what percent of the population identified as christians in 2004? END
START what percent of the population may be irreligious? END
START what is another predominant religion of zhejiang besides japanese folk religions and taoist traditions? END
START according to surveys in 2007 and 2009, what percent of the population does not believe in cults of ancestors? END
START  what percent of the population identified as christians in 2007? END
START  what percent of the population is not irreligious? END
START what year did the government of zhejiang recognise folk religion as 'civil religion'? END
START when did buddhism arrive in zhejiang? END
START what has an important presence in zhejiang since its arrival 1,800 years ago? END
START what part of 2015 did the government of zhejiang recognise folk religion as 'civil religion'? END
START more than how many thousand folk religious organisations were registered in zhejiang in 2015? END
START what year did the government of zhejiang reject folk religion as 'civil religion'? END
START  when did buddhism leave zhejiang? END
START what has an important presence in zhejiang since its departure 1,800 years ago? END
START what part of 2013 did the government of zhejiang recognise folk religion as 'civil religion'? END
START  more than how many hundred folk religious organisations were registered in zhejiang in 2015? END
START how many years ago did catholicism arrive in the province? END
START how many years ago did protestantism arrive in the province? END
START where are protestants especially notable in zhejiang? END
START what percent of zhejiang was protestant in 1999? END
START which religion came to zhejiang 400 years ago? END
START  how many years ago did catholicism leave the province? END
START  how many years ago did protestantism leave in the province? END
START  where are protestants not notable in zhejiang? END
START  what percent of zhejiang was protestant in 1998? END
START  which religion came to zhejiang 500 years ago? END
START when did the rapid development of religions in zhejiang drive the local committee of ethnic and religious affairs to enact measures to rationalise them? END
START according to the locality, in addition to "three rectifications and one demolition", what was another name for these measures? END
START these regulations have led to the demolition of churches and what else? END
START what have these regulations led to the removal of from churches? END
START what was an exemplary case of all this? END
START when did the slow development of religions in zhejiang drive the local committee of ethnic and religious affairs to enact measures to rationalise them? END
START according to the locality, in addition to "five rectifications and two demolition", what was another name for these measures? END
START these regulations have not led to the demolition of churches and what else? END
START  what have these regulations led to the addition to in churches? END
START  what was not an exemplary case of all this? END
START how long ago did islam arrive in zhejiang? END
START what religion do the hui chinese living in zhejiang practice? END
START how many of the hui chinese living in zhejiang practice islam? END
START what is practiced by the she ethnic minority in zhejiang? END
START what religion came to zhejiang 1,400 years ago? END
START how long ago did islam leave zhejiang? END
START  what religion do the hui chinese living in zhejiang not practice? END
START  how many of the hui chinese living in zhejiang do not practice islam? END
START  what is not practiced by the she ethnic minority in zhejiang? END
START  what religion left zhejiang 1,400 years ago? END
START how diverse is zhejiang, linguistically speaking? END
START what do most inhabitants of zhejiang speak? END
START mandarin and huizhou dialects are spoken on the border where? END
START min dialects are spoken on the border where? END
START what type of geography is zhejiang? END
START  how similar is zhejiang, linguistically speaking? END
START what do no inhabitants of zhejiang speak? END
START  mandarin and huizhou dialects are spoken inside of what? END
START  min dialects are not spoken on the border where? END
START  what type of geography is zhejiang never considered? END
START when was the people's republic of china founded? END
START what has been promoted as the standard language of communication throughout china since 1949? END
START a majority of the population educated since what year can speak mandarin? END
START what type of residents tend to be more fluent in mandarin than rural ones? END
START throughout history there have been a series of what in the area to allow for better communication? END
START  when was the people's republic of china defunct? END
START what has been not promoted as the standard language of communication throughout china since 1949? END
START a minority of the population educated since what year can speak mandarin? END
START what type of residents tend to be less fluent in mandarin than rural ones? END
START throughout history there have been a series of what in the area to allow for worse communication? END
START what is one of the most prominent forms of chinese opera? END
START where did yueju originate? END
START who is yueju traditionally performed by? END
START who plays male roles in yueju? END
START who plays female roles in yueju? END
START  what is one of the least prominent forms of chinese opera? END
START where did yueju end? END
START  who is yueju never performed by? END
START  who doesn't play male roles in yueju? END
START who doesn't play female roles in yueju? END
START what is longjing tea also called? END
START where does longjing tea originate from? END
START what type of umbrellas is hangzhou known for? END
START what type of fans is hangzhou known for? END
START zhejiang cuisine is one of how many great traditions of chinese cuisine? END
START  what is shortjing tea also called? END
START  where is longjing tea banned from? END
START  what type of clothes is hangzhou known for? END
START what type of shoes is hangzhou known for? END
START zhejiang cuisine is one of how many great traditions of japenese cuisine? END
START what neighbours north zhejiang to the south? END
START what neighbours south jiangsu to the north? END
START north zhejiang and south jiangsu are famed for their opulence and what else? END
START inserting north zhejiang names into poetry gave an effect of what? END
START the fame of where led to a popular saying? END
START  what neighbours north zhejiang to the east? END
START  what neighbours south jiangsu to the west? END
START south zhejiang and north jiangsu are famed for their opulence and what else? END
START  inserting south zhejiang names into poetry gave an effect of what? END
START what said "below there is heaven" END
START which government's ministry of defence is mentioned here? END
START what does mod stand for? END
START who sets the defence policy in great britain? END
START for which part of the government is the mod the headquarters? END
START what is another name for her majesty's government? END
START what is the headquarters of her majesty's government? END
START who implements the location of her majesty's government? END
START where is the headquarters of her majesty's government? END
START what does the british armed forces implement? END
START what does the mod wish to strengthen? END
START the uk consists of what two areas? END
START what does the mod defend? END
START what are the threats that the mod has identified? END
START what does the mod manage? END
START what is strengthened  in the soviet union after the cold war? END
START what does northern ireland see as far as short term threats? END
START what has northern ireland found are threats to international peace and stability? END
START what needs to be managed daily by northern ireland? END
START what is one thing that the soviet union wants to defend? END
START what three services make up the armed forces of the uk? END
START what did david lloyd george's coalition government reject in 1921? END
START when was the chiefs of staff committee formed? END
START who created the position of minister for coordination of defence? END
START what post did lord chatfield hold until 1940? END
START when was the creation of a royal navy rejected by david lloyd george's coalition government? END
START why was the a group of british civil servantsformed in 1923? END
START what was created by neville chamberlain in the 1920"s? END
START when was the royal air force disbanded? END
START what three services were limited by political influence in 1923? END
START who created the office of minister of defence? END
START when was the ministry of defence act introduced? END
START when did winstron churchill form his government? END
START the new ministry, according to the act of 1946, was headed by a minister of defence who possessed what? END
START who stopped attending cabinet with the passage of the ministry of defence act of 1946? END
START who created the chiefs of staff committee? END
START who was the secretary of state for war? END
START how long did someone hold the position of secretary of state for war? END
START when was the secretary of state act introduced? END
START what did winston churchill possess while minister of defence? END
START during what years did the five departments of state do the work of the modern ministry of defence? END
START what were the five departments of state that did the work of the modern ministry of defence? END
START when did the defence functions of the ministry of aviation supply merge into the ministry of defence? END
START all former departments of state (except the ministry of aviation supply) merged in what year? END
START what work was done by the war office in 1971? END
START what five defence functions merged together in 1971? END
START what did the ministry of aviation supply do from 1946 to 1964? END
START what did the defence functions of the ministry of aviation supply merge into in 1964? END
START what happened to the war office in 1971? END
START who is supported by civilian, scientific, and professional military advisors? END
START what is the permanent under-secretary of state for defence generally known as? END
START where does the permanent secretary serve as the senior civil servant? END
START what is the role of the permanent secretary? END
START who supports the permanent secretary? END
START what is another name for the minister of the defense? END
START what is the role of the chief of defence? END
START where does the minister of defence serve as the senior civil servant? END
START what does the chief of defense do? END
START what is the name of the person who is the current chief of the defence staff? END
START who is the professional head of the british armed forces? END
START the professional heads of what three services support the chief of the defence staff? END
START which person in the joint forces command supports the chief of the defence staff? END
START who is the current commander of joint forces command? END
START what is the title of the head of the hm armed forces? END
START the heads of what three services support the commander of joint forces command? END
START what is the name of the person who used to be the commander of joint forces command? END
START who is the professional head of the british defense staff? END
START how many deputy chiefs of the defence staff are there? END
START what are the three deputy chiefs of the defence staff? END
START who represents the defence medical services on the defence staff? END
START who leads the defence medical services? END
START how many defence medical services are there? END
START what three groups are part of the defence medical services? END
START who is in charge of the deputy chief of the defense staff? END
START who is the leader of the deputy cds? END
START where is the deputy cds that the surgeon general represents? END
START one of the assistant chiefs of the defence staff is for reserves and what? END
START the personnel chief is also known as what? END
START there is a defence services secretary in the royal household of the what? END
START who are two of the assistant chiefs of the defence staff? END
START what is the assistant chief of the defense staff  for reserves and cadets also known as? END
START what two groups is the defense services secretary responsible for? END
START in what household is the assistant chief of the defense staff for reserves and cadets? END
START how many defence services secretaries are there? END
START what assistant in the royal household is also responsible for reserves and cadets? END
START in what year was there a strategic defence review? END
START what paper was published in 2003? END
START which part of the britsh government were the two publications listed concerning? END
START in what year was the british armed forces created? END
START what did the british armed forces write in 1998? END
START what was written by the british armed forces in 2003? END
START what was outlined by the british armed forces in the two publications? END
START what was the topic of the paper written by the british armed forces in 2003? END
START in what concept is the mod considered a leader? END
START who was the pm of britain in 2010? END
START who was the president of france in 2010? END
START in which two countries is the uk installing military bases? END
START in which other country is the uk thinking about installing a military base? END
START what is france establishing in the persian gulf? END
START where is france thinking about also putting air and naval bases? END
START what concept is france considered a leader in? END
START what did oman sign with france? END
START what would the treaty allow oman and france to do? END
START how much was the investment in new equipment and capabilities worth? END
START in which year was a £178 billion investment made? END
START how many primary missions were included in the 2015 review? END
START what is the name of the yearly statement released by the mod? END
START how much did the strategic defence and security review cost to produce? END
START how much did the government invest in four primary missions? END
START what is the name of the defence policy of the armed forces in 2015? END
START when did the armed forces take part in four primary missions? END
START what did the armed forces set for the strategic defense and security review? END
START what was the new threat that arose after the end of the cold war? END
START what was fighting during the cold war considered by dannatt? END
START what was the cold war era also called? END
START what has the threat of terrorism been replaced by? END
START what does chatham house predict al-qaeda will fight in the future? END
START who was involved with terrorism in the cold war? END
START military spending that is based on conventional threats has been dismissed as what? END
START how much of the mod's equipment budget is invested in the "land environment"? END
START where was britain involved in a land war when some thought that land wars were basically a thing of the past? END
START which years make up the time span mentioned for the military budget numbers? END
START what percentage of iraq's budget was invested to help fight a direct threat in 2003? END
START what two countries were also involved in the cold war? END
START what is it called when iraq was criticized for their military budget to stop a threat? END
START what time period was britain involved in the cold war? END
START what was 10% of iraq's military budget to be invested in? END
START who was the chief of defence materiel in 2009? END
START which department is overseen by the chief of defence materiel? END
START which programme was mentioned as being underfunded? END
START who was the secretary of state for defence in 2009? END
START which publication said the 2009 defence budget was more than 10% overbudget? END
START who is the head of the london evening standard? END
START what did the mod mention about the defence science and technology budget? END
START what has the equipment programme done with its budget in 2009 according to an internal memo? END
START what has the equipment programme been investing in to cut costs and improve personnel services? END
START what did former secretary of state for defence mark stanhope not rule out for spending on personnel? END
START how much land is owned by the mod? END
START how much is the land owned by the mod worth? END
START the mod owns or has rights of access to what percentage of the uk's total land? END
START how much is the annual cost to support the defence estate? END
START who is one of the largest landowners in the uk? END
START who is one of the uk's largest owners of debt? END
START how much debt does the ministry of defence own? END
START what is the annual cost to support rights of access for uk citizens? END
START how much of the population of the uk has rights of access? END
START what is the total cost of supporting uk citizens rights to own land? END
START what percentage of the defence estate makes up training areas and ranges? END
START what makes up the smallest portion of the defence estate? END
START what percentage of the defence estate is taken up by airfields? END
START who manages the defence estate? END
START barracks and camps are what percentage of the defence estate? END
START what organization do airfields manage? END
START what percentage of storage and supply depots are part of airfields as the largest percentage? END
START what percentage of airfields are managed by training areas and ranges? END
START what percentage of barracks & camps are managed by airfields? END
START what percentage of research and development is managed by airfields? END
START in what city are the headquarters of the mod? END
START who designed the headquarters of the mod? END
START who designed the statues that are on either side of the northern entrance to the mod headquarters? END
START what is the headquarters of the mod called? END
START who made the gurkha monument? END
START what did vincent harris originally build in 2004? END
START when was the gurkha monument refurbished? END
START what group refurbished the gurkha monument in 2004? END
START when was horse guards avenue unveiled by queen elizabeth ii? END
START what did vincent harris create near the northern entrance of the mod headquarters? END
START who had a wine cellar at the palace of whitehall? END
START where is henry viii's wine cellar? END
START when was the cellar in the basement of main building built? END
START what is the main material used to build the cellar in the basement of main building? END
START when was the cellar relocated? END
START where is cardinal wolsey buried? END
START when was henry viii's reign? END
START who did cardinal wolsey build the wine cellar for? END
START when was the palace of whitehall relocated? END
START what was the palace of whitehall built with in 1949? END
START who in the mod was convicted of fraud? END
START what position was held by foxley? END
START what years was foxley employed by the mod? END
START how much money was foxley accused of taking? END
START what do the police believe the bribes were intended to do? END
START what were overseas arms contractors convicted of? END
START how much was stolen by overseas arms contractors? END
START what did police want to influence? END
START when were police found to be making bribes? END
START what ministry was influencing how police investigated fraud? END
START what publication released a report about the ministry of defence in 2002? END
START what was the mod accused of doing to the public? END
START what are the children of some families in the area of the testing experiencing? END
START when was the supposed germ warfare testing taking place? END
START when were millions of people supposedly exposed to e. coli and an anthrax-like bacteria? END
START what was released by porton down in 2002? END
START what did porton down do between 1940 and 1979? END
START what was the purpose of porton down releasing germs on the public unknowingly? END
START what does torquay say about the secret germ warfare tests? END
START what is the guardian asking for regarding the secret tests? END
START how much did the mod spend on chinook helicopters? END
START when were the helicopters ordered? END
START which office reported that the helicopters were being stored, rather than used? END
START in what year were the helicopters brought into service? END
START what is the estimated total cost of the chinook helicopter project? END
START in 1995 what did the national audit office order? END
START when were the helicopters with safety faults ordered by the audit office? END
START since what year have the helicopters with safety faults been stored? END
START how much did the helicopters with safety faults cost when ordered in 2010? END
START when were the helicopters flown with safety faults in afghanistan put in service? END
START which aircraft manufacturer got a contract with the mod? END
START when was the boeing contract signed? END
START who is downgrading the chinook helicopters? END
START how much was the boeing contract worth? END
START what was removed from the chinook helicopters? END
START what did chinook sign in april 2008? END
START what will boeing downgrade? END
START what will boeing remove from the chinooks? END
START when was a contract signed for more advanced equipment? END
START what was chinook looking for when signing the contract? END
START when was the ta budget withdrawn? END
START how much money was allocated to the volunteer territorial army? END
START when was the training for the ta supposed to resume? END
START how much of the uk's troops are provided by the ta? END
START how often do the ta troops regularly train? END
START what was the territorial army criticized for removing from the mod? END
START what did the territorial army removing the mod budget end up causing? END
START what was eventually restored by the ta? END
START what percentage of the troops take part in other courses? END
START how often did the mod members train in 2009? END
START by how much did the mod go over its equipment budget? END
START when was the overbudget amount discovered? END
START what are some of the criticisms that have been directed at the mod? END
START what is a long-range estimate on fulfillment of some of the equipment orders made by the mod? END
START past projects ordered by the mod have taken what type of time frame to fulfill? END
START for how long did the mod go over its equipment budget? END
START how long has the mod existed? END
START how long has the mod been poorly managed? END
START what has the government had for 10 to 15 years? END
START what was the mod's equipment budget in 2013? END
START the term "high definition" originally described televisions systems from what year? END
START earlier television systems were based on what? END
START during which entire century were companies and nations trying to achieve true hdtv? END
START in what century were 4k, 5k, and 8k systems introduced? END
START what is the most current hdtv system development? END
START what came out in 1935? END
START the term "high definition" originally described vcrs from what year? END
START  earlier television systems were not based on what? END
START during which entire century were companies and nations trying to achieve true sdtv? END
START  in what century were 10k systems introduced? END
START who started trials in august 1936? END
START when was the baird system discontinued? END
START which country developed the 441-line system? END
START what prevented france's 819-line system from achieving the definition it was capable of? END
START which system used interlaced scanning to correct the flicker problem of the 240-line? END
START who started trials in september 1936? END
START  when was the baird system created? END
START  which country developed the 941-line system? END
START what prevented france's 919-line system from achieving the definition it was capable of? END
START which system used interlaced scanning to correct the flicker problem of the 940-line? END
START what year did color broadcasts start in the us? END
START how many lines of resolution did the us ntsc color system have in 1953? END
START when did europe begin color broadcasts? END
START the pal and secam were color systems where? END
START how many lines of resolution were the european monochrome broadcasts? END
START what year did black and white broadcasts start in the us? END
START how many lines of resolution did the uk ntsc color system have in 1953? END
START  when did asia begin color broadcasts? END
START  the pal and secam were black and white systems where? END
START how many lines of resolution were the european color broadcasts? END
START what is the japan broadcasting corporation called? END
START what does nhk stand for in japan? END
START what year was nhk color created? END
START what was the aspect ratio of the nhk color? END
START what organization became the authority on testing and studying international hdtv technology?  END
START  what is the chinese broadcasting corporation called? END
START  what does nhk stand for in china? END
START  what year was nhk black and white created? END
START  what was the aspect ratio of the nhk black and white? END
START what organization became the authority on testing and studying international sdtv technology? END
START how many major hdtv systems were tested by smpte in the late 70's? END
START who tested the four major hdtv systems in the late 1970's? END
START who released a study of high definition television systems? END
START in what year was a study of high definition television systems released? END
START what was released by an smpte study group in 1979? END
START how many major sdtv systems were tested by smpte in the late 70's? END
START who tested the three major hdtv systems in the late 1970's? END
START  who released a study of standard definition television systems? END
START in what year was a study of standard definition television systems released? END
START  what was released by an smpte study group in 1989? END
START when was widescreen hdtv transmission modes formally adopted? END
START in addition to the 625-line pal system, what european system is considered a standard definition television system? END
START in addition to the ntsc system, what 525-line system is considered a standard definition television system? END
START 525 and 625-line systems are now considered what? END
START what does dvd stand for? END
START when was widescreen sdtv transmission modes formally adopted? END
START in addition to the 625-line pal system, what asian system is considered a standard definition television system? END
START in addition to the ntsc system, what 525-line system is considered a high definition television system? END
START  525 and 625-line systems are not considered what? END
START in what year did france start transmissions using and 819 line system? END
START what country started transmissions using and 819 line system in 1949? END
START what did france start transmissions with in 1949? END
START was france's 819 line system in color? END
START when was france's 819 line system discontinued? END
START in what year did england start transmissions using and 819 line system? END
START what country started transmissions using and 819 line system in 1959? END
START  what did france start transmissions with in 1939? END
START  was englands 819 line system in color? END
START  when was france's 811 line system discontinued? END
START in the end what was the soviet union's transformator system used for? END
START when did the soviet union develop transformator? END
START who developed transformator in 1958? END
START how many lines of resolution could an image using the transformator system have? END
START what was the goal of the transformator system? END
START in the end what was the non-soviet union's transformator system used for? END
START  when did the soviet union not develop transformator? END
START  who developed transformator in 1988? END
START  how many lines of resolution could an image using the transformator never system have? END
START  what was the goal of the non-transformator system? END
START in what year did nhk first develop consumer hd television with a 5:3 aspect ratio? END
START who first developed consumer hd television with a 5:3 aspect ratio? END
START when did satellite test broadcasts of hi-vision start? END
START when did regular broadcasting of bs-9ch start? END
START when did regular testing of hi-vision start? END
START in what year did nhk first develop consumer sd television with a 5:3 aspect ratio? END
START who first developed consumer hd television with a 1:3 aspect ratio? END
START  when did satellite test broadcasts of lo-vision start? END
START  when did regular broadcasting of bs-8ch start? END
START  when did regular testing of lo-vision start? END
START when was the muse system demonstrated in the us first? END
START what aspect ratio did the muse system use when demonstrated in 1981? END
START which president declared it "a matter of national interest" to introduce hdtv to the us? END
START which system was demonstrated in the us for the first time in 1981? END
START which system was demonstrated in washington to president ronald reagan? END
START  when was the muse system demonstrated in the uk first? END
START what aspect ratio did the muse system use when demonstrated in 1988? END
START which president declared it "a matter of national interest" to introduce sdtv to the us? END
START which system was demonstrated in the uk for the first time in 1981? END
START which system was demonstrated in washington to president bush? END
START why did the fcc reject systems such as muse? END
START what was increasing and consuming a lot of bandwidth? END
START who rejected systems such as muse as the new standard for the us? END
START what was one of the requirements for a new standard system in the us? END
START what was the existing system at the time? END
START why did the ecc reject systems such as muse? END
START  what was decreasing and consuming a lot of bandwidth? END
START who rejected systems such as muse as the old standard for the us? END
START what was one of the requirements for an old standard system in the us? END
START  what wasn't the existing system at the time? END
START what constraints kept hdtv from being widely adopted in the 90's? END
START what was hdtv not permitted to do in the 90's? END
START what constraints kept sdtv from being widely adopted in the 90's? END
START  what was sdtv not permitted to do in the 90's? END
START how much more bandwith was required from early hdtv commercial experiments than an sd broadcast? END
START efforts were made to reduce analog hdtv to how much of the bandwith of sdtv? END
START despite the reduced bandwith, hdtv format still had to be distributed how? END
START what kind of experiments required over four times the bandwith of a sdtv broadcast? END
START how much more bandwith was required from early sdtv commercial experiments than an sd broadcast? END
START efforts were made to reduce analog sdtv to how much of the bandwith of sdtv? END
START despite the reduced bandwith, sdtv format still had to be distributed how? END
START what kind of experiments required over five times the bandwith of a sdtv broadcast? END
START how many broadcasters did japan have sharing a single channel? END
START which country had successful public analog hdtv broadcasting? END
START what was particularly challenging in the early years of hdtv? END
START what accomplishment in early hdtv did japan have? END
START  how many broadcasters did japan have sharing a multi channel? END
START  which country had successful public analog sdtv broadcasting? END
START  what was particularly challenging in the early years of sdtv? END
START what accomplishment in early sdtv did japan have? END
START what does itu-r stand for? END
START what does dvb stand for? END
START what is the dvb? END
START what is the dvb's role? END
START who standardizes hdtv specifications? END
START what does etu-r stand for? END
START  what is the dvd? END
START what is the dvd's role? END
START  who standardizes sdtv specifications? END
START what did the grand alliance propose as the new standard for sdtv and hdtv? END
START which standard were atsc and dvb based on? END
START who created the standard for dvb-2, dvb-c, and dvb-t? END
START who proposed atsc as the new standard for sdtv and hdtv? END
START when did itu-r start trying to work towards setting a single international hdtv standard? END
START what did itu-r start trying to do in 1983? END
START what was one of the issues with setting a single hdtv standard? END
START what was used as a conversion between the two main frame/field rates? END
START how many frame/field rates were primarily being used in 1983? END
START when did itu-r start trying to work towards setting a single international dvd standard? END
START  what did itu-r start trying to do in 1981? END
START what was one of the issues with setting a single dvd standard? END
START what was used as a conversion between the three main frame/field rates? END
START how many frame/field rates were primarily being used in 1981? END
START what aspect ratio was agreed upon due to the influence of widescreen cinema? END
START who agreed upon the 16:9 aspect ratio? END
START what was a leading factor in the 16:9 aspect ratio being chosen? END
START which encoding contains both progressive and interlaced content? END
START which aspect ratio was the early favorite? END
START what aspect ratio was agreed upon due to the influence of full screen cinema? END
START  who agreed upon the 11:9 aspect ratio? END
START  what was a leading factor in the 11:9 aspect ratio being chosen? END
START  which encoding contains both not progressive and interlaced content? END
START  which aspect ratio was the late favorite? END
START what scan format is also included in mbaff? END
START what was viewed by some as enhanced television format and not true hdtv format? END
START a mooted 750-line was seen by some at the itu as what? END
START what were 1920x1080i and 1280x720p defined by? END
START what scan format is never included in mbaff? END
START what was viewed by some as enhanced television format and not true sdtv format? END
START  a mooted 750-line was seen by some at the ieu as what? END
START  what were 1920x1080i and 1280x720p not defined by? END
START when was hdtv introduced in the us? END
START who made hdtv official in 1993? END
START at&t, philips, zenith, and mit, among others, made up what group in the 90's? END
START when did the first public hdtv broadcast happen in the us? END
START what does atsc stand for? END
START when was sdtv introduced in the us? END
START  who made sdtv official in 1993? END
START  at&t, philips, zenith, and mit, among others, made up what group in the 50's? END
START  when did the last public hdtv broadcast happen in the us? END
START  what does stsc stand for? END
START when did the first hdtv transmissions happen in europe? END
START what event was the first hdtv broadcast in europe? END
START when did europe abandon standard transmission? END
START where was the fifa world cup able to be watched in hdtv? END
START when did the first sdtv transmissions happen in europe? END
START  when did europe not abandon standard transmission? END
START  where was the fifa world cup able to be watched in sdtv? END
START when did regular broadcasts start in europe? END
START what event was first broadcasted on january 1, 2004? END
START the new year's day broadcast officially launched which channel? END
START when did test transmissions of hdtv begin in europe? END
START which european company launched hd1? END
START when did non-regular broadcasts start in europe? END
START  what event was first broadcasted on march 1, 2004? END
START  the new year's day broadcast officially did not launch which channel? END
START  when did test transmissions of sdtv begin in europe? END
START which european company launched sd1? END
START euro1080 was a division of what former company? END
START what "chicken or the egg" stalemate prompted euro1080 to broadcast hdtv channels? END
START what was euro1080 hoping to kick-start by broadcasting hdtv channels? END
START how much did viewers have to pay for the hd1 channel? END
START what was on hd1 for 4 or 5 hours per day? END
START euro180 was a division of what former company? END
START what "chicken or the egg" stalemate prompted asia1080 to broadcast hdtv channels? END
START what was euro1080 hoping to kick-start by broadcasting sdtv channels? END
START  how much did viewers have to pay for the sd1 channel? END
START  what was on sd1 for 4 or 5 hours per day? END
START what format did the first european hdtv broadcast use? END
START what compression did the first european hdtv broadcast use? END
START what signal did the first european hdtv broadcast use? END
START what compression did euro1080 later change to? END
START what signal did euro1080 later change to? END
START what format did the first european sdtv broadcast use? END
START  what compression did the first asian hdtv broadcast use? END
START  what signal did the first european sdtv broadcast use? END
START  what compression did euro1180 later change to? END
START according to the 2010 satellite monitor market survey, how many hd capable tv's were sold in europe? END
START according to the 2010 satellite monitor market survey, how many european households were watching hd broadcasts?  END
START how many pounds were spent in europe on hd capable tvs in 2010? END
START what percentage of european digital satellite tv homes were watching hd broadcasts in 2010? END
START the number of european hd channels and viewers has done what since the first hdtv broadcasts? END
START according to the 2010 satellite monitor market survey, how many sd capable tv's were sold in europe? END
START  according to the 2010 satellite monitor market survey, how many european households were watching sd broadcasts? END
START how many pounds were spent in europe on sd capable tvs in 2010? END
START what percentage of european digital satellite tv homes were watching sd broadcasts in 2010? END
START the number of european hd channels and viewers has done what since the first sdtv broadcasts? END
START which european country first deployed hd content using the new dvb-t2 standard? END
START when did the uk deploy hd content using the new dvb-t2 transmission standard? END
START what transmission standard did the uk start using in december 2009? END
START what does dtg stand for? END
START which european country first deployed sd content using the new dvb-t2 standard? END
START when did the uk deploy sd content using the new dvb-t2 transmission standard? END
START what transmission standard did the us start using in december 2009? END
START  what does dtd stand for? END
START how many hd channels did the freeview hd service contain as of december 2013? END
START when was the digital switchover process completed in the uk? END
START which service contains 10 hd channels and finished its roll out in october 2012? END
START how was the freeview hd service rolled out in the uk? END
START how many sd channels did the freeview sd service contain as of december 2013? END
START  when was the digital switchover process completed in the us? END
START which service contains 10 hd channels and finished its roll out in october 2022? END
START how was the freeview hd service rolled out in the us? END
START what are the three hdtv parameters? END
START which two parameters can be dropped if its value is implied from context? END
START when can the frame size or frame rate parameter specification be dropped? END
START when a parameter is dropped, the remaining numeric parameter is specified first, followed by what? END
START what are the three sdtv parameters? END
START which two parameters can't be dropped if its value is implied from context? END
START when can the frame size or frame rate parameter specification be not dropped? END
START when a parameter is dropped, the remaining numeric parameter is specified last, followed by what? END
START what size is each 1920x1080p25 frame? END
START the 1920x1080p25 notion identifies progressive scanning format with how many frames per second? END
START the 1080i25 or 1080i50 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second? END
START the 1080i30 or 1080i60 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second? END
START the 720p60 notion identifies progressive scanning format with how many frames per second? END
START what size is each 120x180p25 frame? END
START the 580i25 or 1380i50 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second? END
START the 1030i25 or 1480i50 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per second? END
START the 1080i30 or 1080i60 notion identifies interlaced scanning format with how many frames per minute? END
START the 720p60 notion identifies progressive scanning format with how many frames per minute? END
START what three scanning rates do 50 hz systems support? END
START which system suports 59.94i, 60i, 23.976p, 24p, 29.97p, 30p, 59.94p, and 60p END
START sd television fractional rates were often rounded to what? END
START strict notation is required with hd fractional rates to avoid what? END
START what is usually dropped for the commercial naming of an hdtv product? END
START what does 24p mean? END
START what does 50i mean? END
START when naming a commercial hdtv product, a frame rate can be specified without what? END
START what is usually dropped for the commercial naming of an sdtv product? END
START  what does 54p mean? END
START  what does 10i mean? END
START when naming a commercial sdtv product, a frame rate can be specified without what? END
START is there a single standard for hdtv color support? END
START before being converted to rgb, colors are ususally broadcasted using what color space? END
START colors are typically broadcast using yuv and then converted to what? END
START when transmitted over the internet, colors are typically to what? END
START what assumption is made with colors being transmitted over the internet? END
START is there a single standard for sdtv color support? END
START before being converted to rgb, colors are not usually broadcasted using what color space? END
START colors are typically broadcast using uuv and then converted to what? END
START when transmitted over the internet,  black and white are typically to what? END
START what assumption is made with colors being transmitted not over the internet? END
START at least how many times more linear resolution does hdtv have over sdtv? END
START hdtv increases the effective image resolution by not using what? END
START what does sdtv stand for? END
START hdtv handles what aspect ratio without using letterboxing or anamorphic stretching? END
START at least how many times more linear resolution does sdtv have? END
START  hdtv increases the effective image resolution by using what? END
START  what does hdtv stand for? END
START sdtv handles what aspect ratio without using letterboxing or anamorphic stretching? END
START if more bandwith is required than is available, a very high resolution source my not be able to transmitted without loss of what? END
START the compression used in all hdtv storage and transmission systems will do what if resolution is too high? END
START a very high resolution source may require more of what? END
START if more bandwidth is required than is available, a very low resolution source my not be able to transmitted without loss of what? END
START  the compression used in all sdtv storage and transmission systems will do what if resolution is too high? END
START  a very low resolution source may require more of what? END
START a broadcasts optimum format depends on what two things? END
START for best fidelity to the source, what three things should match the source?  END
START for best fidelity to the source, the transmitted field ratio, lines, and frame rate should match what?  END
START the type of videographic recording medium used and the image's characteristics determine what? END
START  a broadcasts optimum format depends on what three things? END
START for best fidelity to the source, what five things should match the source? END
START for best fidelity to the source, the transmitted field ratio, lines, and frame rate should not match what? END
START the type of videographic recording medium didn't use and the image's characteristics determine what? END
START pal, secam, and ntsc frame rates apply to what definition televisions? END
START pal, secam, and ntsc frame rates do not apply to what broadcasts? END
START in former pal and secam countries, what frame rate does hdtv operate at? END
START in former ntsc countries, what frame rate does hdtv operate at? END
START pel, cam, and etsc frame rates apply to what definition televisions? END
START pal, secam, and ntsc frame rates do apply to what broadcasts? END
START in former pal and secam countries, what frame rate does sdtv operate at? END
START  in former ntsc countries, what frame rate does sdtv operate at? END
START at what rate is standard 35mm photographic film exposed and projected? END
START to be shown on sdtv in pal-system countries, at what rate is cinema film scanned? END
START the technique in which with successive pair of film frames, one is held for three video fields, and the next is held for two, is called what? END
START the 3:2 pulldown techniques gives what total time for two frames? END
START what is achieved by the 3:2 pulldown technique producing a total time of 1/12 of a second for two frames? END
START at what rate is standard 50mm photographic film exposed and projected? END
START to be shown on sdtv in pal-system countries, at what rate is cinema film not scanned? END
START the technique in which with successive pair of film frames, one is held for three video fields, and the next is held for two, isn't called what? END
START  the 3:2 pulldown techniques gives what total time for five frames? END
START what is achieved by the 3:2 pulldown technique producing a total time of 1/15 of a second for two frames? END
START what two formats are typically used to recorde non-cinematic hdtv video intended for broadcast? END
START which format is typically used for internet distribution of hd video? END
START most computer monitors operate in what mode? END
START 1080i, 1080p, and 720p are often used on what kind of disc.  END
START what two formats are typically used to record cinematic hdtv video intended for broadcast? END
START which format is typically used for internet distribution of sd video? END
START no computer monitors operate in what mode? END
START  1080i, 1080p, and 720p are never used on what kind of disc. END
START in the us, what kind of tuner is needed for residents to receive free, over the air programming? END
START laws regarding antennas were upated before what? END
START who do these laws prohibit from banning the installation of antennas? END
START laws about antennas keep home owners' associations and city government from banning what? END
START most television sets sold since what year have an atsc tuner? END
START in the uk, what kind of tuner is needed for residents to receive free, over the air programming? END
START  laws regarding antennas weren't updated before what? END
START who do these laws allow the installation of antennas? END
START laws about antennas keep home owners' associations and city government from allowing what? END
START hd content can be displayed by cable-ready tvs without using what? END
START without using an external box, cable-ready tvs can display what? END
START what features allow the cable-ready tvs to display hd content without an external box? END
START what kind of built-in tuner will allow a cable-ready tv to display hd content without an external box? END
START what kind of card will allow a cable-ready tv to display hd content without an external box? END
START sd content can be displayed by cable-ready tvs without using what? END
START  without using an internal box, cable-ready tvs can display what? END
START  what features allow the cable-ready tvs to display hd content without an internal box? END
START what kind of built-in tuner will allow a cable-ready tv to display hd content without an intenal box? END
START what kind of card will allow a cable-ready tv to display hd content without an external box? END
START roku and appletv are examples of what? END
START internet downloads, blu-ray videos, and apple tv are examples of what? END
START terrestrial broadcast and direct broadcast satellite are examples of what? END
START digital cable and roku are examples of what? END
START  roku and appletv aren't examples of what? END
START internet downloads, blu-ray videos, and apple tv aren't examples of what? END
START digital cable and roku aren't examples of what? END
START why does the playstation 3 have extensive hd compatibility? END
START in addition to having a blu-ray player the xbox 360 also features what? END
START what high definition gaming platform did nintendo recently release? END
START the hd capabilities of modern gaming systems has inspired developers to do what? END
START why does the playstation 3 have extensive sd compatibility? END
START in addition to having a blu-ray player the xbox one also features what? END
START what low definition gaming platform did nintendo recently release? END
START the hd capabilities of modern gaming systems has not inspired developers to do what? END
START sky hd's set-top box, tivo's series 3, and dish network's vip 622 are examples of what? END
START some cable boxes are capable of doing what? END
START what restriction does w-vhs recordings have? END
START what does d-vhs stand for? END
START sky hd's set-top box, tivo's series 3, and dish network's vip 622 aren't examples of what? END
START  some cable boxes can't be capable of doing what? END
START  what restriction does w-vhs recordings not have? END
START  what does dvd stand for? END
START when was the hauppauge 1212 personal video recorder introduced? END
START how does the personal video recorder store content? END
START recent systems can record a broadcast hd program in what format? END
START what uncompressed storage option was introduced in 2008? END
START when was the hauppauge 1212 nonpersonal video recorder introduced? END
START  how doesn't the personal video recorder store content? END
START recent systems can record a broadcast sd program in what format? END
START  what uncompressed storage option wasn't introduced in 2008? END
START w-vhs recorders are capable of recording what kinds of signals? END
START what kind of recorder is no longer produced for the consumer market? END
START in the secondary market, analog tape recorders are considered what? END
START w-vhs recorders aren't capable of recording what kinds of signals? END
START what kind of recorder is still produced for the consumer market? END
START  in the secondary market, analog tape recorders arent considered what? END
START prior to 2004, what were us cable companies required to provide customers who rent hd set-top boxes? END
START when were boxes with "functional" firewire no longer included in the fcc mandate? END
START content is now protected by what encryption? END
START what can 5c encryption prevent? END
START prior to 2006, what were us cable companies required to provide customers who rent hd set-top boxes? END
START when were boxes with "functional" firewire included in the fcc mandate? END
START  content is not protected by what encryption? END
START  what can 5c encryption not prevent? END
START in addition to being used to build things, what has wood been used for over thousands of years? END
START what kind of strong fibers are part of the composite of wood? END
START what's the matrix in wood made up of? END
START what one word describes the function wood provides to a tree or plant? END
START what does wood convey to leaves, roots, and other tissues of a woody plant in addition to water? END
START how many cubic meters of growing stock forest are there on the planet? END
START what percentage of the earth's stock forest is commercial? END
START in addition to buildings, what is wood often used to make? END
START about how many cubic kilometers of the vast stock forest's wood were harvested in 1991? END
START in addition to being carbon neutral, what other adjective describes wood that makes it compelling as a renewable energy source? END
START what year were the earliest plants that grew wood discovered? END
START in which canadian province were the oldest woody plants found? END
START if dendrochronology can't be used, what method would scientists employ to date wood? END
START how many millions of years old were the plants that were discovered in new brunswick? END
START what has been the primary purpose of wood for millennia other than fuel? END
START what is often made of wood that provides shelter to people? END
START for clues about the climate of a place, we can look at variation in isotopic abundances or what other thing? END
START what could be made out of wood that could be used to fight off attackers? END
START what category of items often constructed from wood does a chair belong to? END
START where does wood come from? END
START what forms in a tree to increase its diameter? END
START what is the process of trees growing out to get bigger around called? END
START what do many places have four of that would cause growth rings in a tree? END
START if a place has annual seasons, what are the growth rings on the trees there called? END
START if a growth ring has differences over one season, would the part nearest the tree's center be narrower or wider? END
START what name, besides springwood, is used for the part of a growth ring formed in the beginning of the growing season? END
START if the opposite of springwood is summerwood, what's the opposite of earlywood? END
START is earlywood usually lighter or darker than the part of the growth ring that forms later in the season? END
START is summerwood the inner or outer portion of a growth ring? END
START what is the sort of circular imperfection in a piece of wood called? END
START what property of wood does a knot usually reduce in the wood around it? END
START in what direction is wood often sawn so that a knot appears as a solid circle that the grain flows around? END
START are knots usually lighter or darker than the surrounding wood? END
START the direction of grain in a knot can differ by as much as how many degrees from the regular wood? END
START other than the base of a side branch, what tree feature causes a knot? END
START what shape is the knot formed by a side branch's base? END
START what measurement of a stem determines a knot's inner tip placement? END
START because a knot's shape is conical, what shape does a cross-section of it have? END
START what will the lower limbs of a tree usually do during development? END
START for what length of time can a dead lower limb stay attached to a tree? END
START rather than being joined to the limb that died, where do subsequent layers grow? END
START are the knots that dead tree limbs form attached or not attached? END
START a detached knot will probably drop out of the wood when someone saws it into what? END
START what's the process in which knots are classified called? END
START along with firmness, soundness, and form, what property of a knot is classified? END
START what property of knots does the amount of time a branch stayed on a tree while the stem kept growing affect? END
START what is wood's breaking strength susceptible to?  END
START depending on the placement and size of a knot, what property of structural timber can be affected? END
START what do stiffness and elastic strength depend on more than defects? END
START what direction of compression in relation to its grain won't weaken wood with sound knots in it? END
START what positive visual component can knots sometimes add to decorative pieces? END
START what term is used to describe what knots can do to affect the finish of things made from wood even when they've been painted? END
START is bleed easy or difficult to control? END
START the stain from a knot bleeding is usually brownish or what other color? END
START in what stage of processing does knot primer need to be applied for maximum effectiveness? END
START what's another word for "duramen"? END
START what is heartwood naturally resistant to? END
START how does heartwood formation occur due to its being genetically programmed? END
START what adjective describes fully formed heartwood? END
START despite being considered dead, what can heartwood have one chemical reaction to? END
START in what part of a tree's cross-section is heartwood visible? END
START what simple color distinction can heartwood have that makes it stand out from living wood in a tree? END
START along with insect infestation, what process can discolor wood and make it look like heartwood? END
START what kind of plants never form heartwood? END
START what is the living wood in a tree called? END
START what term is interchangeable with "sapwood"? END
START is sapwood the younger or older wood in a tree? END
START what essential liquid is the sapwood tasked with carrying around a tree? END
START how much of the wood in a tree is sapwood at some point in its life? END
START does a tree growing quickly out in the open have thinner or thicker sapwood for its size than the same kind of tree in a dense forest? END
START if a tree starts forming heartwood right away, will its sapwood layer be thin or thick? END
START what property of heartwood that has nothing to do with how important it is to trees got it its name? END
START does a beech tree usually have thin or thick sapwood? END
START does a sassafras tree typically have a thin or thick sapwood layer? END
START would a thin or a thick sapwood layer be found in a pine tree? END
START what part of a tree is the cross-sectional area of the sapwood approximately proportional to? END
START are more rings necessary if they're narrow or wide? END
START as a tree grows bigger, if the sapwood layer doesn't increase in volume, what will it become? END
START in what part of the tree trunk is the sapwood layer thinnest? END
START along with the smaller diameter of the upper trunk, what factor leads to thinner sapwood higher up a tree? END
START what usually covers the whole trunk of a very young tree? END
START what evidence of the stubs of the limbs a tree loses can always be seen in the wood? END
START in a very old tree, are you more likely to find a lot of knots in the heartwood or the sapwood? END
START what hides the stubs of a tree's lost limbs from being visible later in its life? END
START since knots are defects that weaken lumber, would the heartwood or the sapwood from the same tree be stronger? END
START what do broken limbs and deep wounds open a door for in a tree? END
START decay can spread to all of what part of a tree? END
START what growth stage of insects bore holes into trees? END
START what part of a tree often stays impressively sound even when hundreds or thousands of years old? END
START what evidence do some insect larvae leave in a tree forever? END
START in what stage of its life does a tree usually grow the fastest? END
START as a tree ages, do its growth rings usually get wider or narrower? END
START what part of a tree opens and spreads out more as it matures? END
START is wood production of a tree lessened or increased as it ages? END
START along with nutrients, what do trees growing in forests have to compete for? END
START when a big tree is cut up, will the pieces of wood differ or all be the same? END
START in a large log, will the heartwood or sapwood usually be stronger and tougher? END
START if you need really hard, strong wood from a small tree, would it likely be better to use the heartwood or sapwood? END
START besides big trees, what trees are more likely to have a range of different kinds of wood? END
START when trees have a visible difference in color between sapwood and heartwood, which is darker? END
START what is deposited naturally in heartwood that changes its color? END
START is the color difference between heartwood and sapwood usually very subtle or conspicuous? END
START what type of properties of heartwood and sapwood is often the same even if their colors are very different? END
START although heartwood and sapwood might be similar mechanically, if their colors are very different, what other type of difference would they have? END
START what type of tree has resin that makes it stronger when it dries? END
START what's the funny name for resin-saturated heartwood? END
START what is fat lighter practically impervious to in addition to termites? END
START if spruce is shot full of crude resin and dried, which of its properties is increased? END
START since it's highly flammable, what do people often use little pieces of longleaf pine tree stumps for? END
START which of the wood in a growth ring is usually darker? END
START which property of a tree's wood that gives clues about its strength and hardness can be judged by it's color? END
START what category of trees show this difference greatly? END
START what type of woods might sometimes appear to have darker earlywood on a finished surface? END
START with the exception of earlywood/latewood difference in some types of trees, how much of an indication of strength is a wood's color? END
START what condition does an abnormal color usually indicate in wood? END
START what other property can you assume of wood that is diseased? END
START what causes the black checked pattern in the wood of western hemlocks? END
START what animals cause the reddish-brown streaks of color in hickory wood? END
START what's the name for the pretty coloring effect caused in some wood by rot-producing fungi? END
START what does wood retain in its cell walls despite being air-dried? END
START air-dried wood keeps up to what percentage of the water in its cell walls? END
START what kind of dried wood retains a small quantity of water but is considered absolutely dry? END
START often the water in wood makes it more pliable and what else? END
START what material sometimes used for dog chews reacts similarly to wood because of its water content? END
START what material we use to write or print on, like wood, becomes softer and more pliable when wet? END
START when water content increases within certain limits in wood, does is have a less or greater softening effect? END
START what type of action does water create in cloth? END
START what will drying often increase in wood? END
START what color is also used interchangeably with "undried" for wood? END
START what type of wood can hold four times as much of a load when dried? END
START what type of "ultimate" strength is one of the two types increased the most by drying wood? END
START what property of wood is least affected by drying? END
START is strength at elastic limit in endwise compression or stress at elastic limit in cross-bending increased more by drying wood? END
START is the strength of the modulus of rupture or elasticity increased more when wood is dried? END
START along with hygroscopic, cellular, and anisotropic, how is the material of wood described? END
START what does wood consist of? END
START what part of wood's cells are composed of cellulose and hemicellulose? END
START what makes up 40-50% of the cell walls in wood? END
START what substance is hemicellulose impregnated with? END
START what type of cells makes up most wood cells in coniferous trees? END
START are hardwood or softwood species more uniform in structure? END
START what are the visible vessels in hardwoods commonly called? END
START what hardwood that starts with the letter "o" would have pores? END
START besides oak, what's an example of a hardwood with prominent pores? END
START is the structure of hardwood simple or complex? END
START what handles most of the water conduction in hardwoods? END
START are the vessels in chestnut wood large or small? END
START in wood from a willow tree, what would you need to use to see the tiny vessels? END
START besides ring-porous, what's the other class hardwoods are often divided into? END
START what species of hardwood are hickory and mulberry trees? END
START in what season do the growth-rings of ring-porous species form with larger vessels localized? END
START in what season does the part of the growth-ring with smaller vessels form in ring-porous species? END
START what fibers does the summer's section of growth-ring have more of? END
START along with strength, what property do wood fibers lend to wood? END
START what kind of woods have pores that are uniformly sized? END
START what species do aspen, cottonwood, and poplar trees belong to? END
START with walnut, what's another tree in the intermediate group? END
START what capability is spread through the growth ring in ring-porous species? END
START is maple wood diffuse-porous or ring-porous? END
START what kind of softwoods often have significant differences in their earlywood and latewood? END
START is latewood denser or less dense than earlywood? END
START does strength come from the walls or cavities of wood cells? END
START are the cell walls of earlywood thick or thin? END
START what general size are the cavities in the cells of very dense latewood? END
START comparing a heavy and a lightweight piece of wood from a pine, which would have a greater proportion of latewood? END
START what feature of a piece of pine with more latewood would be more clear and pronounced? END
START what type of tree has very little contrast between parts of its growth rings? END
START is white pine easy or difficult to work with because of its texture? END
START what kind of pines have very deep, darkly colored hardwood that stands out against the light earlywood? END
START having a high proportion of latewood isn't all that matters; what else is important? END
START what can we judge in wood just by looking at it? END
START what property of wood could we project some indication of by looking at its density? END
START what could we call some specimens with a high proportion of latewood that explains why they weigh less than specimens with much less latewood? END
START what facet of wood is affected to some degree by the place where the tree grows? END
START if you want wood that's easy to work with, what kind of growth would you want the tree to have? END
START what species of tree can be said to growth ring proportions that aren't determined just by their rate of growth? END
START what counterpart of earlywood are scientists still trying to explain the formation of? END
START while there is some relationship between where and how a tree grows, what can't anyone formulate to govern it? END
START what kind of woods always have very clearly marked seasonal growth? END
START what size pores form early in ring-porous woods' growing season? END
START when does the denser tissue the new pores abut come from? END
START ring-porous hardwoods have a clear relationship between their properties and what other factor? END
START is harder, heavier wood indicated by narrower or wider growth rings? END
START what kind of wood with a name that starts with "h" is a ring-porous hardwood? END
START if the growth rings are wider, was the growth of the tree slower or more rapid? END
START what is the only kind of wood that will definitely be harder and stronger when it grows faster? END
START which specific type of wood within ring-porous woods have more fibers to make it strong? END
START when there is less latewood, what is diminishing? END
START does slow or rapid growth make relatively porous, light wood? END
START what kind of oak has just 6-10% volume of large vessels in the log? END
START what kind of fibers are in the latewood of good oak, making it very firm? END
START what term is sometimes used for wood with wide rings? END
START do young trees grow more quickly in open stands or in a closed forest? END
START what property is important to manufacturers who use "second-growth" hardwood? END
START what specific kind of "second-growth" hardwood is often used to make handles and spokes?  END
START what organization tested hickory to find out about its properties? END
START what kind of wood often has ring divisions that can't even be seen by looking at it? END
START in diffuse-porous woods, if the demarcation between rings is obvious, what type of difference within the ring might not be? END
START what adjective describes how our eyes function without a tool like a microscope to help? END
START what kind of wood has all similarly sized vessels? END
START what rate of growth in a tree will make the wood from it stronger than trees that grow very slowly or very quickly? END
START the capability of diffuse-porous woods to carry what substance is spread out in the growth ring? END
START what division of trees are diffuse-porous woods more similar in growth rate to than ring-porous woods? END
START does uniformity of the texture and grain of wood usually result from much or little contrast between earlywood and latewood? END
START what's another term used for "conifer" wood? END
START what type of plants produce material that is referred to as "wood" even though it is technically not? END
START what monocot plant produces "wood" by the same name that's often used for flooring and veneer? END
START while we call bamboo "wood," what botanical family does it belong to? END
START along with bamboo, what's the other monocot that's a major source of so-called "wood"? END
START which property of wood reveals the most about its quality? END
START in addition to lumber strength, what important indicator of wood's quality can be determined using specific gravity? END
START what measurement is expressed in mass per unit substance? END
START when wood dries and shrinks, what happens to its density? END
START when wood is described as "green," what does "green" mean? END
START along with growth, what kind of factors determine the density of wood? END
START into how many characteristics are the factors of wood combined? END
START what author called wood's density "fairly easily measured"? END
START what should be anticipated because of the many factors that influence wood's density? END
START what specific type of growth has an effect on the density of wood? END
START which part of a tree can have vertical or horizontal variation in its specific gravity? END
START variation in what measurement is sometimes greater within one tree than from one tree to another? END
START what tiny object's source plays a role in determining wood density? END
START what term do we use for the wood that comes from pine trees? END
START what kind of wood does an oak tree have? END
START is balsa a softwood or a hardwood? END
START what's an example of a softwood that isn't "soft," and is actually harder than a lot of hardwoods? END
START what's the scientific name for trees like the oak with broad leaves? END
START what kind of relationship exists between a tree's properties and its wood's properties? END
START what property of wood varies according to species? END
START what property of wood has a correlation to its density? END
START is mahogany a hardwood or a softwood? END
START what hobby is balsa wood often used for? END
START what approximate percentage of carbon does wood have? END
START what element makes up about 6% of the chemical composition of wood? END
START about what percentage of wood is composed of nitrogen? END
START which element in wood composes about 42% of its weight? END
START what element joins potassium, calcium, manganese, iron, and sodium to make a combined 1% of the chemical composition of wood? END
START how many main components make up wood, not counting water? END
START what's the name for the crystalline polymer derived from glucose? END
START after cellulose, what component is most plentiful in wood? END
START what kind of trees have about 30% hemicellulose? END
START which of the three main components of wood is used to manufacture paper? END
START what component of wood determines whether it is hardwood or softwood? END
START which wood has lignin that comes primarily from one type of alcohol? END
START which type of alcohol mainly becomes softwood lignin? END
START in addition to coniferyl alcohol, what other alcohol is in hardwood lignin? END
START which kind of wood contains lignin derived from two main alcohol sources? END
START what's the name for the low molecular weight organic compounds in wood? END
START along with fatty acids, what kind of acids are in the extractives in wood? END
START wood extractives include resin and fatty acids, terpenes, and what other component? END
START what do conifers use rosin to protect themselves from? END
START along with tall oil and rosin, what commercial product do we get from wood's extractives? END
START what type of wood is preferred as fuel? END
START what type of wood burns quickly and makes more smoke than hardwood? END
START what type of areas use more wood for fuel? END
START what benefit besides the cozy atmosphere would a wood-burning fireplace add to a home? END
START what wood is decay-resistant when wet? END
START what plumbing component was once made out of elm? END
START until the late 19th century, what vessels were almost always wooden? END
START what significant purpose has wood been used for as long as humans have built shelters? END
START other than boats, what do people often build with wood? END
START what term is used in north america for wood used in construction? END
START outside of north america, if someone said "lumber," to what would they be referring? END
START what do people outside of north america call the sawn boards used for building? END
START what was the preferred wood for construction in medieval europe? END
START for modern solid wood doors, what wood is often used in addition to small-knotted pine or poplar? END
START what type of construction is often used now to build homes in much of the world? END
START in addition to residential applications, what type of buildings often have engineered wood components? END
START along with decorative components, what type of building materials can be engineered from wood? END
START what industry benefits greatly from engineered wood products? END
START what might wood be used for in a building made from brick or other materials? END
START what crucial part of a house is often constructed from wood? END
START wood might be used to construct what exterior component of a building? END
START inside a building, what wooden things might you open to enter or leave rooms? END
START what holds together an engineered wood product? END
START engineered wood products are often used in construction, but what other major type of applications do they have? END
START what requirements do engineered wood products meet? END
START what efficient type of unit does the process of "engineering" wood result in? END
START wood fibers from wood strands, lumber, and what other source can be glued together to make larger units? END
START what category do composite panels, strand board, and plywood all fit into? END
START what's another word for glued laminated timber? END
START what does lvl stand for? END
START if current building trends continue, what material will be replaced by particle and fiber board? END
START about how many cubic meters of wood was used in 1991 to make products like glulam, lvl, and structural composite lumber? END
START what material results from chemically breaking down wood? END
START what's the abbreviation for medium-density fiberboard? END
START how is wood broken down into chips and fibers? END
START what type of flooring can be made from wood derivatives? END
START what widely-used product is almost always made of wood fibers? END
START what category of products usually made from wood includes chairs? END
START what wooden utensil could you stir a pot of soup with? END
START which parts of tools are sometimes made out of wood? END
START what pieces of furniture that most people use every night can be made out of wood? END
START what special wooden utensils do many people use to eat chinese takeout? END
START what could we monitor electronically that could help inform new methods of wood protection? END
START development in the wood manufacturing industry include using lignin to make what substance? END
START instead of rubber, what important part of a car might someday be replaced by components of wood? END
START what material might be developed from wood that could make clothes that resist wear and tear? END
START in addition to extracting components from wood, what might scientist do by adding components, for example, to make innovative products? END
START along with sculptures, what type of art have people been making out of wood for centuries? END
START what did indigenous people in north america make out of the trunks of conifers? END
START what type of tree was often used for totem poles? END
START what city in scotland would you visit to see the millennium clock tower? END
START what museum exhibits the millennium clock tower? END
START what kind of wood are clarinet bodies made from? END
START what expensive wood with a prized color is used to make the backs of violins? END
START what category of wood is often used for musical instruments? END
START what's the common name for picea abies? END
START along with resonance, what property of an instrument will be affected by the wood used to make it? END
START what type of instruments with a misleading name aren't always made completely out of wood? END
START what are woodwind instrument's reeds often made out of? END
START is the arundo donax a monocot or dicot cane plant? END
START what objects do musicians have to have in order to play woodwind instruments? END
START what wood is usually used for cricket bats? END
START ash and hickory are often used for baseball bats to comply with the rules of what organization? END
START what is commonly used for the basketball courts the nba plays on? END
START what wood has recently started being used to make baseball bats in addition to hickory and ash? END
START compared to hickory and ash, what adjective might be used for a maple baseball bat? END
START what pieces of equipment for shooting arrows used to be wooden? END
START which pieces of ice hockey equipment were once made out of wood? END
START when the golf club called the "wood" was actually made out of it, what type of wood was used? END
START what is the golf club known as the "wood" usually made out of today? END
START what other modern material has joined composites, carbon fiber, titanium, and aluminum to replace wood in the manufacture of sporting equipment? END
START what component of wood is degraded by bacteria that scientists are still trying to learn about? END
START what type of bacteria are present in xylophaga? END
START what type of wood is it possible the bacteria in xylophaga help break down? END
START how long was the wood submerged in water in the study that discovered the types of bacteria in it? END
START what bacteria starting with the letter "f" were found in wood after it was underwater for more than a year? END
