START where did the duke of brunswick-lüneburg move his residence to? END
START who elevated the status of the dukes of brunswick-lüneburg? END
START who confirmed the elevation of the dukes of brunswick-lüneburg in 1708? END
START which other nation would the electors of hanover become monarchs of? END
START who was the first elector from hanover to sit on the british throne? END
START what duke moved to hanover in 1736? END
START who elevated the duke of brunswick to the rank of prince? END
START who was the last elector of hanover to sit on the british throne? END
START who abdicated the british throne in 1714? END
START what other title did three queens of great britain with united kingdom also hold? END
START other than for railroads and road junction, what did hanover have that made it a major target? END
START which campaign specifically was hanover a target for in world war ii? END
START what does vlw stand for? END
START how many civilians were killed in the allied bombing raids in world war ii? END
START how many bombing raids were there during world war ii? END
START what did hanover have that made it less likely to be bombed during world war ii END
START which campaign specifically targeted hanover during world war i? END
START how many civilians were killed during the axis bombing raids in world war ii? END
START how many bombing raids destroyed 40% of the city? END
START what areas were not targeted by allied bombers? END
START which zoo is one of the best in europe? END
START what award did the hanover zoo receive four years in a row? END
START which animal does the so-called swimming area have? END
START when did the canadian-theme area in the hanover zoo open? END
START how many people visited the hanover zoo in 2010? END
START what is one of the earliest jews in europe? END
START what award to the zoo win for fourteen years in a row? END
START how many people visited the canadian themed area in 2010? END
START what area of the zoo does not host seabirds? END
START in what year do the hanover zoo lose the park scout award? END
START what famous theatre is located in georgs palace? END
START what is the most important cabaret-event? END
START what is a notable achievement about the kleines fest im großen garten? END
START where do artists who feature in the kleines fest im großen garten come from? END
START what is another important event other than the calenberger cabaret weeks or the hanover cabaret festival? END
START what is germany's leading cabaret stage? END
START artist and what festival are from all over germany? END
START what other events usually take place after the calenberger cabaret weeks END
START what are some of the less well-known cabaret stages? END
START what is one of the most unusual cabaret events? END
START what does the german spelling of hanover have that english does not? END
START which version of the spelling of hanover does the local government use on english websites? END
START which syllable does the english spoken version of hanover stress? END
START which syllable does the german pronunciation of hanover stress? END
START which spelling of hanover is used in historical contexts? END
START what does the nsdap stand for? END
START after which year did the lord mayor join the nsdap? END
START how many hanoverian jews were expelled in 1938? END
START who assassinated the german diplomat eduard ernst vom rath? END
START which city was the german diplomat in when he got assassinated? END
START who belong to the nazi party prior to 1937? END
START what city had a large polish population in 1937? END
START how many hanoverian jews were sent to paris? END
START who negotiated with the german diplomat? END
START what kind of garden is the great garden? END
START what destroyed the palace? END
START who constructed the two pavilions in the palace? END
START other than the nouveau jardin, what is the other popular part of the great garden? END
START what is at the centre of the nouveau jardin? END
START what kind of garden is the grand garden? END
START what was destroyed by axis bombing and currently under reconstruction? END
START what french artist designed the exterior? END
START what are the two least popular areas of the garden? END
START what famous classical musician played at the historic garden theater? END
START who designed the gehry tower? END
START what nationality was the architect of the gehry tower? END
START what is notable about the city forest eilenriede? END
START how many parks are there approximately in hanover? END
START how many rivers run through hanover? END
START who was the austrian architect who built the gehry tower END
START which lake is one of the largest in europe? END
START what does hanover offer a moderate amount of? END
START approximately how many gardens are there in hanover? END
START what is hanover a german capital for? END
START what is the name of the largest marksmen's fun fair in the world? END
START how many rides and inns does the fair have? END
START how many participants are int he parade of the marksmen? END
START what year can the festival be traced back to? END
START what is the most important exhibition city in the world? END
START what is the name of the smallest marksman's fun fair in the world? END
START how many of your tents make up the highlight of the marksman's fair END
START how many people watch the parade of the marksman? END
START where can you find the biggest fixed ferris wheel in the world? END
START what is a schnellweg? END
START what structure does the schnellweg and a number of roads roughly form? END
START when does the messeschnellweg change to the b6? END
START what road does the messeschnellweg pass the hanover fairground as? END
START what road does the südschnellweg start out as? END
START what road is called the b6 on the southern part? END
START what road becomes b3 near burgdorf? END
START what fairground does the messeschnellweg pass? END
START what road does b sixty-five become at seelhorster kreuz? END
START what ended in the year 1837? END
START what was the name of william iv's heir? END
START who did the throne of hanover pass to instead of queen victoria? END
START what happened to the kingdom of hanover in 1866? END
START in which battle was the hanover army destroyed? END
START why did the political ties between united kingdom in hanover and? END
START what was the name of william iv son END
START who annexed the kingdom of hanover in 1766? END
START who is hanover expected to lose to at the battle of langensalza? END
START who did the people of hanover generally support after the annexation? END
START what plan was implemented in september 1941? END
START which portion of the population underwent ghettoisation? END
START what occured on the 15th of december 1941? END
START how many jews approximately lived in hanover in 1938? END
START how many concentration camps were constructed in hanover? END
START what act ended the ghettos in 1941? END
START after what conference were the jews deported to riga END
START what portion of the population was moved to better housing? END
START how many concentration camps were constructed in hanover before the war? END
START when did the russian army arrive to occupy hanover? END
START where was hanover originally founded? END
START what did hanover possibly originally mean? END
START when did hanover become a comparitvely large town? END
START which city was hanover connected to by the leine? END
START what is one example of traffic that passed through hanover? END
START what city was found on the west bank of the river leine? END
START until when was hand over a comparatively large town? END
START what was the original name of hanover meaning low riverbank? END
START hanover was near the northern edge of what? END
START what mountain was hanover north east of? END
START who imposed the convention of artlenburg? END
START how many french soldiers occupied hanover? END
START where did many soldiers from hanover emigrate to? END
START what did the soldiers who emigrated form? END
START who elevated hanover to the kingdom of hanover in 1815? END
START what convention did napoleon suggest? END
START how many soldiers from hanover occupied france? END
START where did many of hanover soldiers immigrate from? END
START what was the first german army to fight against france during the napoleonic wars END
START who elevated hanover to a kingdom in 1850? END
START what is the berggarten? END
START what is the name of the area inside the berggarten that hosts one of the world's biggest collection of orchids? END
START what historic landmark is near the entrance to the berggarten? END
START what is the name of the first tropical aquarium in germany? END
START other than orchids and birds, what else is housed in the orchid house? END
START what is the name of a minor european botanical garden? END
START what is the name of the first aquarium in germany? END
START what else can be found in the tropical house besides orchids and birds? END
START what mausoleum can be found in the great garden? END
START what pavilion is found near the entrance of the great garden? END
START what does vwn stand for? END
START what part of town is the plant owned by vwn located in? END
START which company was founded in hanover in 1871? END
START where does tui ag host their headquarters? END
START which major global reinsurance company has their headquarters east of the city center? END
START what is the only industrial business located in hanover? END
START what is the biggest employer in europe? END
START who has a gas burning power plant? END
START who holds minority stock in continental ag? END
START what types of company does hanover have that operate around the world? END
START how many theaters approximately are located in hanover? END
START what is the schauspielhaus in english? END
START who does the cumberlandsche galerie belong to? END
START which theatre is hanover's big theatre for musicals, shows and guest performances? END
START which theater has it's own musical company? END
START how many theaters are in the area surrounding hanover? END
START what buildings belong to the upper saxony state theatre? END
START what is the only theater without its own musical company? END
START who performs classical musicals in the garden theater? END
START what is hanover smallest theater? END
START who does the nicname "die roten" belong to? END
START what is another name for the top football division? END
START what is the name of the stadium that the hanover football team plays in? END
START where did the reserve team for the main hanover team used to play? END
START which league does the reserve team hanover 96 ii play in? END
START what is the nickname of the reds? END
START what division does the top national football team play in? END
START where does the national football team play? END
START where did the main hanover team use to play? END
START in what years to the hanover reserve team host world cup matches? END
START what is hanover's population? END
START what is hanover's ranking in terms of size in germany? END
START what is the largest oktoberfest in the world? END
START in which year did hanover host the expo? END
START what is "highways" in german? END
START where are the large martkirche located? END
START what is the old royal sports hall now called? END
START what is the name of the momument to the victims of war and violence? END
START what world famous landmark is located on the bank of the leine? END
START where does the mile of sculptures start? END
START what is located in the new town center? END
START what is the old ballhof theater called? END
START what church was built as a monument to victims of war and violence? END
START what starts at the trammplatz and stops at the river bank? END
START what district is near the new town? END
START what is the münzkabinett der tui-ag? END
START what is the name of the largest police museum in germany? END
START where can you find carpets and objects from the orient? END
START other than in hanover, where else can you find a blind man museum? END
START what is the main topic of the kunsthalle faust? END
START what is a box of coins? END
START what is the name of the only police museum in germany? END
START what building contains textiles from all over germany? END
START carpets and other objects from around the world can be found in what museum? END
START what does the museum of natural energy history describe END
START what system of the body is related to emotion's physiology? END
START what sorts of people are more likely to be emotionally expressive? END
START what type of people hide their emotions? END
START what is emotion frequently responsible for driving? END
START along with physical changes, what sort of changes do emotions sometimes cause? END
START  what system of the body is not related to emotion's physiology? END
START  what sorts of people are less likely to be emotionally expressive? END
START  what type of people show their emotions? END
START  what is emotion infrequently responsible for driving? END
START along with physical changes, what sort of changes do emotions never cause? END
START what is the name of the theory plutchik created? END
START how many main emotions exist in plutchik's theory? END
START in plutchik's theory, what emotion is the opposite of anticipation? END
START what emotion can be perceived as a combination of disgust and anger? END
START what does plutchik see as the positive equivalent of disgust? END
START  what isn't the name of the theory plutchik created? END
START  how many nonmain emotions exist in plutchik's theory? END
START  in plutchik's theory, what emotion is the same as anticipation? END
START  what does plutchik see as the negative equivalent of disgust? END
START what was the name of the book that darwin wrote on emotions? END
START along with survival, what did darwin see as the role of emotions in humans? END
START through what process did darwin believe emotions developed? END
START in what century did darwin write? END
START what was the name of the book that darwin drew on emotions? END
START along with survival, what did darwin not see as the role of emotions in humans? END
START  through what process did darwin not believe emotions developed? END
START  in what century did darwin read? END
START in this theory, what action evokes an emotion? END
START what sort of response does the stimulus cause? END
START how is the stimulus interpreted by the mind? END
START in the james-lange theory, what causes emotions? END
START in this theory, what action doesn't evoke an emotion? END
START  what sort of response doesn't the stimulus cause? END
START  how is the stimulus not interpreted by the mind? END
START  in the james-lange theory, what doesn't cause emotions? END
START who argued that emotions arise from cognitive intentionality? END
START along with evaluations and thoughts, what cognitive activity did theorists believe to be required for emotion? END
START in lazarus' view, what could the cognitive activity be if it was not conscious? END
START  who argued that emotions don't come from cognitive intentionality? END
START along with evaluations and thoughts, what cognitive activity did theorists not believe to be required for emotion? END
START in lazarus' view, what couldn't the cognitive activity be if it was not conscious? END
START what theory argues that conceptual cognition is not required for emotional meaning? END
START what book by prinz defended the perceptual theory? END
START what book on the perceptual theory was written by james laird? END
START what is laird's job title? END
START what is jesse prinz's profession? END
START what theory doesn't argue that conceptual cognition is not required for emotional meaning? END
START  what book by prinz didn't defend the perceptual theory? END
START  what book on the perceptual theory wasn't written by james laird? END
START what is laird's mother's name? END
START what discipline examines the role emotions play in culture? END
START what discipline makes use of ethnography? END
START what field of study studies the organizational role of emotions? END
START who developed the concept of emotional labor? END
START roughly how many people are part of emonet? END
START what discipline doesn't examine the role emotions play in culture? END
START  what discipline doesn't make use of ethnography? END
START  what field of study doesn't study the organizational role of emotions? END
START  who rejected the concept of emotional labor? END
START along with anger, pride and happiness, what is an example of an emotional label? END
START aside from increased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions? END
START along with smiling and frowning, what is an example of a facial or body movement caused by emotion? END
START who developed a comprehensive theory related to human emotional arousal? END
START how many emotional categories did turner recognize as being founded on human neurology? END
START along with anger, pride and happiness, what isn't an example of an emotional label? END
START  aside from decreased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions? END
START along with smiling and frowning, what is not an example of a facial or body movement caused by emotion? END
START who didn't develop a comprehensive theory related to human emotional arousal? END
START  how many emotional categories did turner recognize as not being founded on human neurology? END
START along with william james, who was an influential 19th century theorist? END
START what was william james' nationality? END
START what was the nationality of carl lange? END
START what was the name of the theory that lange and james developed independently? END
START in what year did lange die? END
START along with william james, who wasn't an influential 19th century theorist? END
START  what was william james' religion? END
START  what was the age of carl lange? END
START what was the name of the theory that lange and james developed dependently? END
START along with psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history and sociology, what field has engaged in research on emotion? END
START along with dopamine, noradrenaline, serotonin, cortisol and oxytocin, what neurotransmitter or hormone influences emotion? END
START along with the experience, function and origin of emotion, what aspect of emotion does current research attempt to explain? END
START along with psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history and sociology, what field has disengaged in research on emotion? END
START besides dopamine, noradrenaline, serotonin, cortisol and oxytocin, what neurotransmitter or hormone do not influence emotion? END
START along with the experience, function and origin of emotion, what aspect of emotion does current research not attempt to explain? END
START what are emotional episodes defined in contrast to? END
START what other traits are emotional dispositions similar to? END
START what category is defined to contain pleasure, pain, motivation, moods and dispositions? END
START  what are unemotional episodes defined in contrast to? END
START  what other traits are emotional dispositions not similar to? END
START what category is not defined to contain pleasure, pain, motivation, moods and dispositions? END
START what theory sees an emotional episode as consisting of components? END
START at what point does psychological construction theory believe the components of an emotion are put together? END
START what is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is not the same from one case to another? END
START what theory sees an non-emotional episode as consisting of components? END
START at what point does psychological construction theory believe the components of a non-emotion are put together? END
START what is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is the same from one case to another? END
START who argued that physiological responses were insufficient to explain emotional experiences? END
START along with the physiological response, what did cannon believe was triggered by an emotional event? END
START why did cannon believe that physiological responses were insufficient cause for emotions? END
START who argued that physiological responses were sufficient to explain emotional experiences? END
START along with the physiological response, what did cannon believe wasn't triggered by an emotional event? END
START why did cannon believe that physiological responses weren't insufficient cause for emotions? END
START who developed a situated perspective on emotion along with andrea scarantino? END
START what factors did the situated perspective believe to be most important? END
START the situated perspective was influenced by what school of thought? END
START along with infant and animal emotion, what did scarantino and griffiths believe the situated perspective could help to explain? END
START who didn't develop a situated perspective on emotion along with andrea scarantino? END
START  what factors did the situated perspective believe not to be most important? END
START the situated perspective was not influenced by what school of thought? END
START along with infant and animal emotion, what did scarantino and griffiths believe the situated perspective could not help to explain? END
START when did broca publish his pioneering work? END
START who published a work in 1937 on the relationship between emotion and the limbic system? END
START along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is a notable part of the limbic system? END
START  when did broca publish his non-pioneering work? END
START who published a work in 1937 on the relationship between non-emotional and the limbic system? END
START along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is not a notable part of the limbic system? END
START along with the philosophies of music and art, what field of philosophy studies emotions? END
START along with drama and melodrama, in what filmmaking genre does emotion play an important role? END
START of what discipline is ethology a branch? END
START along with laboratory work, what does an ethologist engage in? END
START along with evolution, what area of study is ethology tied to? END
START along with the philosophies of music and art, what field of philosophy doesn't study emotions? END
START along with drama and melodrama, in what filmmaking genre does emotion not play an important role? END
START  of what discipline is ethology not a branch? END
START along with laboratory work, what doesn't an ethologist engage in? END
START who discussed the idea of a collective effervescence? END
START what society was studied to describe the notion of collective effervescence? END
START durkheim saw collective effervescence in what australian aboriginal activity? END
START what is another term for collective effervescence? END
START who didn't discuss the idea of a collective effervescence? END
START what society was studied to describe the notion of collective non-effervescence? END
START durkheim saw collective effervescence in what australian non-aboriginal activity? END
START what is another term for collective non-effervescence? END
START what theory was developed by arnold? END
START when did richard lazarus die? END
START who wrote 'what is an emotion?'? END
START who published what is an emotion?: classic and contemporary readings? END
START what is nico frijda's nationality? END
START what theory wasn't developed by arnold? END
START when did richard lazarus work? END
START  who wrote 'what isn't an emotion?'? END
START who published what isn't an emotion?: classic and contemporary readings? END
START when did the word emotion enter the english language? END
START from what french word is emotion derived? END
START what does émouvoir mean in english? END
START prior to the introduction of the word emotion, what word was used in its place? END
START along with anxiety, what is an example of directionless emotion? END
START when did the word emotion leave the english language? END
START from what english word is emotion derived? END
START  what does émouvoir mean in italian? END
START prior to the introduction of the word emotion, what word wasn't used in its place? END
START  along with anxiety, what is not an example of directionless emotion? END
START what is the thalamus a part of? END
START who argued that an emotional stimulus triggered experiential and physiological responses to emotions at the same time? END
START what creatures did bard experiment on? END
START along with sensory and motor information, what information had to pass through the diencephalon before being processed? END
START what is the thalamus not a part of? END
START who argued that an unemotional stimulus triggered experiential and physiological responses to emotions at the same time? END
START  what creatures did bard never experiment on? END
START  along with sensory and motor information, what information had to pass through the diencephalon after being processed? END
START who wrote the passions, emotions and the meaning of life? END
START in what year was the passions, emotions and the meaning of life published? END
START what does solomon believe emotions to be? END
START whose theory discussed action tendencies? END
START the idea that judgment can't be identified with emotion is an objection to what school of thought? END
START  who sang the passions, emotions and the meaning of life? END
START in what year was the passions, emotions and the meaning of life rejected? END
START  what does solomon believe emotions not to be? END
START  whose theory didn't discuss action tendencies? END
START the idea that judgment can be identified with emotion is an objection to what school of thought? END
START who researched the role of emotional phenotype temperaments on social connectedness? END
START from where do zygotes derive their genetic information? END
START what percentage of difference is there between the genetic material of humans and the genetic material of chimpanzees? END
START how many million years ago did the evolution of chimpanzees and humans diverge? END
START about how long ago did modern human beings first come into existence? END
START who rejected the research on the role of emotional phenotype temperaments on social connectedness? END
START  from where don't zygotes derive their genetic information? END
START  what percentage of similarity is there between the genetic material of humans and the genetic material of chimpanzees? END
START  how many hundred years ago did the evolution of chimpanzees and humans diverge? END
START  about how long ago did modern human beings not come into existence? END
START along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion often tied to? END
START what do some theories see as an important part of emotion? END
START along with sweating and muscle tension, what might be a physiological response to danger? END
START sweating is a product of the arousal of what system? END
START along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion never tied to? END
START  what do some theories see as an unimportant part of emotion? END
START along with sweating and muscle tension, what might be a non-physiological response to danger? END
START  sweating is a not product of the arousal of what system? END
START who described the concept of a continuum of intensity? END
START what is michael graham's profession? END
START what is an example of an extreme form of fear? END
START what would be an example of mild shame? END
START what are non-intense feelings that lack a contextual stimulus called? END
START who described the concept of a non-continuum of intensity? END
START  what is michael graham's interest? END
START  what is not an example of an extreme form of fear? END
START  what would be an example of middle shame? END
START  what are intense feelings that lack a contextual stimulus called? END
START who has argued that emotions are discrete? END
START how many basic emotions did ekman recognize? END
START along with anger, disgust, happiness, sadness and fear, what is one of ekman's basic emotions? END
START who has agreed that emotions are discrete? END
START  how many non-basic emotions did ekman recognize? END
START along with anger, disgust, happiness, sadness and fear, what isn't one of ekman's basic emotions? END
START what school of thought saw emotion as an impediment to virtue? END
START what thinker believed that emotions were necessary for virtue? END
START what did the aristotelians call emotions? END
START who was a notable scholastic thinker? END
START along with descartes, machiavelli and hume, what notable philosopher developed a theory of emotions? END
START what school of thought saw emotion as not an impediment to virtue? END
START  what thinker believed that emotions weren't necessary for virtue? END
START  what did the aristotelians not call emotions? END
START  who wasn't a notable scholastic thinker? END
START who wrote that exciting facts lead to emotions? END
START what did james believe a stimulus act upon to produce emotion? END
START what did james believe emotion was synonymous with? END
START who developed a theory similar to that of james? END
START what was the profession of lange? END
START who wrote that exciting facts don't lead to emotions? END
START  what didn't james believe a stimulus act upon to produce emotion? END
START  what did james believe emotion wasn't synonymous with? END
START  who didn't develop a theory similar to that of james? END
START what historical school claims that sentiments and meta-emotions can be learned? END
START according to the constructivists, what is an example of a learned meta-emotion? END
START along with germany, england, spain and australia, where has a research center on the history of emotions recently opened? END
START along with class and race, what is regarded as an essential category of historical analysis? END
START what historical school claims that sentiments and meta-emotions can't be learned? END
START according to the constructivists, what isn't an example of a learned meta-emotion? END
START along with germany, england, spain and australia, where hasn't a research center on the history of emotions recently opened? END
START along with class and race, what isn't regarded as an essential category of historical analysis? END
START whose work did the theory of stanley schachter build on? END
START what did gregorio marañón inject his patients with? END
START what was the nationality of gregorio marañón? END
START who was a notable student of  stanley schachter? END
START in what year was the book gut reactions by jesse prinz published? END
START  whose work didn't the theory of stanley schachter build on? END
START  what did gregorio marañón not inject his patients with? END
START  what wasn't the nationality of gregorio marañón? END
START  who was a notable teacher of stanley schachter? END
START in what decade did sociologists focus on the social relevance of emotion? END
START what emotions did cooley regard as of paramount social importance? END
START who studied rage and shame cycles in married couples? END
START who developed the social bond theory? END
START along with cooley, from whose work did scheff derive social bond theory? END
START in what decade didn't sociologists focus on the social relevance of emotion? END
START what emotions didn't cooley regard as of paramount social importance? END
START  who studied rage and shame cycles in un-married couples? END
START  who rejected the social bond theory? END
START along with cooley, from whose work did scheff not derive social bond theory? END
START what is the term for the strategies used by people to influence their emotional experiences? END
START what type of strategy involves avoiding a situation where unwanted emotions might be experienced? END
START rational emotive behavior therapy is an approach used by what psychotherapy schools? END
START what sort of therapy might examine emotions based on components of facial expressions? END
START what is the term for the strategies not used by people to influence their emotional experiences? END
START what type of strategy involves avoiding a situation where wanted emotions might be experienced? END
START rational emotive behavior therapy is not an approach used by what psychotherapy schools? END
START  what sort of therapy might not examine emotions based on components of facial expressions? END
START what system was examined to develop the neurobiological explanation of human emotion? END
START what classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline belong to? END
START what chemicals may mediate emotions? END
START reactive responses are present in the brains of what animals? END
START the neurobiological explanation is specific to what types of brains? END
START what system wasn't examined to develop the neurobiological explanation of human emotion? END
START what classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline not belong to? END
START  what chemicals do not mediate emotions? END
START  reactive responses aren't present in the brains of what animals? END
START  the neurobiological explanation isn't specific to what types of brains? END
START what discipline studies the role of emotions in neural mechanisms? END
START what fields studies the role of emotions in the treatment of human mental disorders? END
START what profession studies the role of emotions in providing holistic health care? END
START what is affective neuroscience a sub-field of? END
START what field studies the relationship between emotion and learning? END
START what discipline doesn't study the role of emotions in neural mechanisms? END
START what fields studies the role of emotions in the treatment of non-human mental disorders? END
START what profession studies the role of emotions in providing non-holistic health care? END
START  what is affective neuroscience not a sub-field of? END
START  what field doesn't study the relationship between emotion and learning? END
START who came up with the interaction ritual theory? END
START from what work of durkheim's was interaction ritual theory derived? END
START in addition to durkheim, whose work influenced the development of interaction ritual theory? END
START what is the term for a feeling of confidence to take action? END
START what is the term for the energy generated during group gatherings, such as totemic rituals? END
START who rejected the interaction ritual theory? END
START from what work of durkheim's wasn't interaction ritual theory derived? END
START in addition to durkheim, whose work didn't influence the development of interaction ritual theory? END
START  what is the term for a feeling of confidence to not take action? END
START what is the term for the energy not generated during group gatherings, such as totemic rituals? END
START of what discipline is affective computing a branch? END
START what is the foundational document of affective computing? END
START in affective computing, what devices are used to collect data about the physical state of a user? END
START how does emotional speech processing determine a user's emotional state? END
START  of what discipline isn't affective computing a branch? END
START  what isn't the foundational document of affective computing? END
START in affective computing, what devices aren't used to collect data about the physical state of a user? END
START how does emotional speech processing determine a user's non-emotional state? END
START along with subjective experience, cognitive processes, expressive behavior and psychophysiological changes, what is another notable emotional component? END
START with what emotional component did william james identify emotion? END
START what emotional component did behaviorists identify emotion with? END
START what academics identified emotions with physiological changes? END
START who discussed emotions in the context of expressive body actions and cultural labels? END
START along with subjective experience, cognitive processes, expressive behavior and psychophysiological changes, what is another notable unemotional component? END
START with what unemotional component did william james identify emotion? END
START what emotional component did behaviorists not identify emotion with? END
START  what academics did not identify emotions with physiological changes? END
START who discussed emotions out of the context of expressive body actions and cultural labels? END
START what model of emotion was developed by scherer? END
START how many important emotional elements are present in the components processing model? END
START what processes drive the other components processing model processes? END
START what model of emotion was undeveloped by scherer? END
START how many unimportant emotional elements are present in the components processing model? END
START what processes don't drive the other components processing model processes? END
START what do psychologists use to visually map emotional experiences? END
START along with valence, what is the other of the two dimensions used to map emotional experiences? END
START what is the term for the feeling of energy or enervation created by an emotional experience? END
START what is the term for the degree to which an emotional experience feels positive or negative? END
START what component of emotion provides its perceived energy? END
START  what do psychologists use to non-visually map emotional experiences? END
START along with valence, what is the other of the three dimensions used to map emotional experiences? END
START what isn't the term for the feeling of energy or enervation created by an emotional experience? END
START what is the term for the degree to which an non-emotional experience feels positive or negative? END
START  what component of non-emotion provides its perceived energy? END
START who argued that emotional responses compete with instinct and reason? END
START what technology has allowed for research into the earlier-evolved parts of the brain? END
START along with ledoux, who was a notable neurological brain researcher? END
START in what decade did damásio and ledoux do notable work? END
START who argued against emotional responses compete with instinct and reason? END
START what technology has disallowed for research into the earlier-evolved parts of the brain? END
START along with ledoux, who wasn't a notable neurological brain researcher? END
START  in what decade did damásio and ledoux do unnotable work? END
START along with cropanzano, who developed a communication-based theory of emotional experience? END
START when did weiss and cropanzano publish their work? END
START what context did the theory of weiss and cropanzano pay particular attention to? END
START who did beal write "reflections on affective events theory" with? END
START where was "reflections on affective events theory" published? END
START along with cropanzano, who did not develop a communication-based theory of emotional experience? END
START  when did weiss and cropanzano reject their work? END
START what context did the theory of weiss and cropanzano not pay any attention to? END
START  who did beal draw "reflections on affective events theory" with? END
START what parts of reptiles respond to sensory cues? END
START what is the principal sense of night-active mammals? END
START why were early mammals active at night? END
START what developed from the mammalian odor pathways? END
START how do the olfactory lobes of mammals compare in size to those of reptiles? END
START what parts of reptiles don't respond to sensory cues? END
START  what is the principal sense of morning-active mammals? END
START  why were early mammals active in the morning? END
START  what developed from the mammalian sonic pathways? END
START how do the olfactory lobes of mammals not compare in size to those of reptiles? END
START what model described the opposite of approach as moving away? END
START what model described the opposite of approach as unmoving but with resistance and strength? END
START according to the action tendency model, the opposite of approach is described as unmoving with what? END
START along with behavioral inhibition, research on what trait resulted in support for the action tendency model? END
START what model did not describe the opposite of approach as moving away? END
START what model described the same approach as unmoving but with resistance and strength? END
START according to the action tendency model, the similar approach is described as unmoving with what? END
START along with behavioral inhibition, research on what trait did not result in support for the action tendency model? END
START in what economics sub-field are emotions discussed? END
START what is a notable political science subfield where emotions are analyzed? END
START along with criminal law, what facet of law considers evidence related to emotion? END
START along with sociology and behavioral sciences, what discipline informs the field of criminology? END
START along with risk perception, what do economists study emotion in relate to? END
START in what economics sub-field are emotions not discussed? END
START what is not a notable political science subfield where emotions are analyzed? END
START along with criminal law, what facet of law doesn't consider evidence related to emotion? END
START along with sociology and behavioral sciences, what discipline does not inform the field of criminology? END
START what emotion do many cultures discourage in women? END
START some cultures attempt to regulate what emotion in boys? END
START the open expression of what emotion is generally frowned upon in most cultures? END
START what social institution is associated with the emotion of love? END
START what emotion do political campaigns appeal to in regard to terrorism? END
START what emotion do many cultures encourage in women? END
START  some cultures attempt to regulate what emotion in women? END
START the open expression of what emotion is generally accepted in most cultures? END
START  what social institution is not associated with the emotion of love? END
START what emotion do political campaigns not appeal to in regard to terrorism? END
START when was everton admitted as a member of the premier league? END
START what year did howard kendall return to manage everton? END
START who replaced howard kendall as everton's manager? END
START what year did former everton player joe royle take over managing the club? END
START what was the score in the first everton game managed by joe royle? END
START who was everton's first manager after founding the premier league? END
START in what year did howard kendall start his first stint managing everton? END
START in what year was mike walker made everton manager? END
START what was the score of howard kendall's first game managing everton? END
START what was the score of mike walker's first game managing everton? END
START when was the tower constructed? END
START for what purpose was the tower first used? END
START on what road is the tower located on? END
START what is the everton club motto? END
START what does the everton club motto, "nil satis nisi optimum," mean in english? END
START in what year were the two laurel wreaths first laid at the tower? END
START who was responsible for building the tower? END
START in what year did football first get played professionally in everton? END
START who wrote the motto, "nil satis nisi optimum"? END
START in what year was the college of arms established in london? END
START what is the name of the theme song that players walk out to on everton matchdays? END
START where did "johnny todd"--the theme song for everton matchdays--originate? END
START what year did the everton players walk out to a song other than "johnny todd"? END
START what was the reaction of the crowd to the everton replacement theme songs in 1994? END
START what song did the everton club replace its player walkout theme with in august 1994? END
START in what year was "bad moon rising" released? END
START in what year was "get ready for this" released? END
START which musician wrote "bad moon rising"? END
START who wrote "get ready for this"? END
START in what year z-cars have "johnny todd" become its theme song? END
START how many seasons out of the last 114 has everton been in england's top tier? END
START how many other teams have played all 22 seasons in the premier league since its inception? END
START when was the premier league established? END
START what match has been played the most since the inception of the premier league? END
START how many games has everton played against aston villa? END
START how many seasons of football has chelsea played? END
START how many games has arsenal played against everton? END
START in what year was chelsea's football team established? END
START in what year did everton play its first game against aston villa? END
START how many seasons has liverpool played? END
START when was the everton club founded? END
START in what decade did everton experience a revival? END
START how many league championships did everton win in the 1960s? END
START when was everton's most recent trophy awarded? END
START what nickname is used for everton's club supporters? END
START who won the football league's first league championship? END
START in what decade did world war two occur? END
START who were the first european cup winners? END
START in what year did everton win its first fa cup? END
START who won the fa cup in 1985? END
START in what season did everton win their fourth league title? END
START in what year did everton win their second fa cup? END
START what was the score in the final game that everton won its second fa cup in 1993 against manchester city? END
START in what season did everton win its fifth league title? END
START what was the record number of goals everton had that promoted the team? END
START what was the score of the final game that resulted in everton winning its fourth league title? END
START in what year did manchester city win its first league title? END
START what was the score of the final game that resulted in everton winning its fifth league title? END
START in what year did manchester city first compete? END
START when did the everton club board fire smith? END
START who replaced smith as manager of the everton fc in 2002? END
START in what place did the everton fc place in the 2004-05 season? END
START where did everton fc place in the 2009 fa cup final? END
START what was smith's first name? END
START who eliminated everton from the uefa cup during the 2004-2005 season? END
START besides everton who was one of the runners-up for the 2009 fa cup final? END
START who coached middlebrough in 2002? END
START what was everton's finish spot in 1996? END
START when did everton fc launch their new crest? END
START what company did critics suggest pressured everton fc to change their crest? END
START how was the everton fc's crest redesign received by fans? END
START what percentage of fans had a negative reaction to everton fc's crest redesign in 2013? END
START how many people signed a petition in protest of everton fc's crest redesign in 2013? END
START what was the approval rating of the original everton crest? END
START in what month did the 2014-15 season begin for everton? END
START what percentage of people had a positive response to the new crest, as opposed to those who were negative or indifferent? END
START how many votes were there in total on the everton fan site about the new crest? END
START what executive issued the apology for everton? END
START in which park did everton fc originally play? END
START where was the new liverpool fc stadium located in 1879? END
START who donated land to everton fc in 1882? END
START who was the chairman of the everton fc in 1892? END
START where did everton fc relocate their games to in 1892? END
START what was the name of the stadium at priory road? END
START what was the name of the stadium in anfield? END
START in what year did john houlding become everton's chairman? END
START in what city is goodison park? END
START in what year was the stadium built at priory road? END
START how many seats did the proposal for the new everton stadium feature in 2000? END
START how much money did everton fc need to generate for a half-stake in the new stadium project in 2000? END
START in what year did the liverpool city council reject everton fc's new stadium proposal? END
START in what year did liverpool announce that they would build their own stanley park stadium? END
START what team did everton fc consider sharing grounds with around the year 2000? END
START how many people could everton's stadium seat in 1996? END
START how many could have sat at the proposed stadium on stanley park? END
START what percentage of the costs for the proposed stadium was liverpool f.c. able to raise? END
START how much money did everton need to raise for the proposed stadium deal with liverpool f.c.? END
START in what month in 2000 was the proposal submitted for the new stadium? END
START what place did everton fc rank in highest average attendance in the premier league in the 2008-09 season? END
START where does the majority of everton's matchday support hail from? END
START what is the name of everton's official supporters club? END
START where can you find fanzines sold on everton match days? END
START where is liverpool f.c.'s support heartland? END
START what's the official supporters club for liverpool f.c.? END
START in what part of liverpool is goodison park? END
START what was liverpool f.c.'s rank for average attendance? END
START what city in ireland do many everton fans come from to attend their games? END
START who is the current manager of the everton football club? END
START how many caretaker managers have their been in the everton fc's history? END
START who was the everton fc team's longest serving manager? END
START when did harry catterick manage the everton football club? END
START which everton manager won the most domestic and international trophies during his time? END
START in what year did roberto martinez become the current manager of everton? END
START in what year did everton have its first caretaker manager? END
START who has been everton's shortest serving manager? END
START in what year did howard kendall win his first division one championship? END
START in what year did howard kendall earn his first charity shield? END
START in what year did everton's second successful era begin? END
START who was the manager when everton's second successful era began in 1961? END
START in what year did everton win the fa cup in a 3-2 win over sheffield? END
START in what year did everton lose the fa cup final to west bromwich albion? END
START what was the last year that harry catterick managed everton? END
START what was the score of the first everton game harry catterick managed? END
START what was the score of the final game between everton and west bromwich albion in 1968? END
START who coached everton during the 1969-70 season? END
START who coached everton during the 1966-67 season? END
START where did a group of fans demand that everton remain within the city boundaries of? END
START in what year was it revealed that everton had entered talks to build a new 55,000 seat stadium in kirkby? END
START who did everton enter talks with to build a new 55,000 seat stadium in kirkby? END
START what percentage of fans were supportive of everton's plans to build a new stadium in 2006? END
START how many supporters voted on the ballot? END
START what was one of the local councils that opposed the planned stadium? END
START how many people were in the group of fans that wanted everton to stay inside the liverpool city boundaries? END
START on what date was the ballot held? END
START how many travelling fans did everton bring with them to benefica in 2009? END
START how does the everton fc promote fans to purchase away tickets? END
START in what year did everton take 7,000 travelling fans with them to an away game? END
START aside from 2009, in what year did everton fc bring the most fans with them to an away game? END
START how many of everton's travelling fans attended the 1985 european  cup winner's cup final? END
START how many season ticket holders does everton have? END
START how many travelling fans usually attend benfica's games? END
START in what year did everton start its loyalty points scheme? END
START in what month was the 1985 european cup winners' cup final held? END
START who holds a majority of the shares in the everton fc? END
START what is the everton fc's overdraft with barclays bank secured against? END
START what is the premier league's "basic award fund" for? END
START how much money did everton fc borrow from bear stearns and prudential in 2002? END
START how long does everton fc have to pay back £30 million they borrowed from bear stearns and prudential?  END
START how much profit did everton f.c. have in 2002? END
START how much debt was consolidated in 2002 by everton? END
START how much collateral is there on goodison park? END
START in what month in 2002 did everton agree to a long-term loan? END
START how big is everton's overdraft with barclays bank? END
START who is the everton football club's biggest rivals? END
START what derby does everton fc contest against liverpool? END
START in what year was the liverpool football club established? END
START where did everton fc move to that began their rivalry with liverpool? END
START the merseyside derby is also known as? END
START in what year was the merseyside derby first held? END
START what color does everton fans wear? END
START what color does liverpool fans wear? END
START in what year was everton established? END
START in what year did everton move to goodison park? END
START what player holds the everton football club record for most appearances? END
START who currently holds the record for the most league clean sheets during a season? END
START which former captain made 534 appearances with the everton football club? END
START who was the longest serving goalkeeper for the everton fc? END
START how many years did ted sagar play for the everton football club? END
START what nationality is neville southall? END
START in what year did neville southall get the record for the most league clean sheets during a season? END
START in what year did brian labone join everton? END
START how many appearances did the american goalkeeper tim howard have? END
START in what year did dixie dean join everton? END
START how many fans were in attendance during everton's match against liverpool on september 18, 1948? END
START how many fans were injured in everton's 1948 match against liverpool that drew the largest crowd they've had? END
START who was injured during everton's record attendance match against liverpool in 1948? END
START how many people does goodison park stadium hold? END
START how much did everton fc pay to transfer belgian forward romelu lukaku? END
START what's the smallest attendance ever for an everton home match against liverpool? END
START in what year was the taylor report recommendations implemented? END
START what was romelu lukaku's highest pay for one season? END
START how much did it cost to build goodison park? END
START in what year was goodison park built? END
START what was the name of everton's professional basketball team? END
START in which league do the everton tigers compete? END
START when was the everton tigers team launched? END
START where do the everton tigers play their home games? END
START when did the everton tigers win the bbl cup? END
START in what year was everton f.c. launched? END
START what league does everton f.c. play in? END
START who won the first bbl cup? END
START where does everton play its football games? END
START what is the name of the chilean team that has ties to the everton fc? END
START when did the two everton football clubs (english and chilean) face off against one another? END
START who organized the friendly match between the english and chilean everton football clubs in 2010? END
START what us city also has an everton football team? END
START on what date was everton's california team established? END
START in what year was the ruleteros society founded? END
START in what year did cork, ireland's everton team first play? END
START what is the name of the california everton team? END
START what is the name of the everton team in rio cuarto? END
START what year did the everton fc release their uk pop song "the boys in blue"? END
START what position did the song "here we go" by the everton fc peak at on the uk pop charts in 1985? END
START what was the name of the song that the everton football club released in 1986? END
START who originally sang the song "all together now" that was reworked and released by everton football club in 1995? END
START how many times has the everton fc entered the uk pop charts? END
START in what year did the farm release their first album? END
START who performed "the boys in blue"? END
START who performed "here we go"? END
START which band released "everybody's cheering the blues"? END
START in what year did the farm perform "all together now"? END
START who temporarily replaced joe royle as club captain after he resigned? END
START in what year was howard kendall appointed manager of the everton fc for the third time? END
START who took over for howard kendall after his third attempt at managing the everton fc was unsuccessful? END
START how many successive finishes did walter smith manage for the everton fc? END
START what rank did everton place in the 1997 premiership league? END
START in what season did heysel stop managing everton? END
START in what year did howard kendall first manage everton? END
START in what year did howard kendall manage everton for the second time? END
START during what season was dave watson made club captain? END
START who managed the bolton wanderers during the 1995-96 season? END
START what year did the everton football club "go blue"? END
START how did steve bloomer describe everton's style of play in 1928? END
START what is everton football club's semi-official club nickname? END
START what was everton's nickname when they wore black before 1901? END
START what was everton football club called after winning the 1995 fa cup? END
START who did steve bloomer play for during his career? END
START in what year did david moyes arrive as manager of everton? END
START who came up with the nickname "the blues"? END
START what team did steve bloomer manage later in his career? END
START what is the name of the english language's earliest form? END
START in what parts of scotland was old english spoken? END
START in what historical period was old english spoken? END
START what people brought old english to britain? END
START what language developed from old english? END
START what is the oldest form of anglo-saxon? END
START what language first developed in great britain during the middle ages? END
START who came to great britain in the 500's? END
START what writing dates back to the mid 700's? END
START along with west saxon, northumbrian and mercian, what was one of the four main dialects of old english? END
START what is a term that collectively refers to northumbrian and mercian? END
START geographically, what river was northumbria north of? END
START what river was the mercian region south of? END
START which of the old english dialects covered the smallest geograhical region? END
START what were the four main dialects of old german? END
START what two dialects were replaced with anglian? END
START what region was south of the thames and north of the humber river? END
START what region has the most literary remains? END
START from what language did old english borrow some words? END
START what individuals introduced the latin alphabet to the speakers of old english? END
START before the introduction of the latin alphabet, how was old english written? END
START after the norman conquest, latin words entered english via what language? END
START in what year did the norman conquest occur? END
START what contains loan words from western europe? END
START when were words borrowed from the germanic languages? END
START when did english influence latin words? END
START who introduced the irish language? END
START what type of gender did old english nouns possess? END
START what type of gender is present in modern english nouns? END
START what was a masculine word in old english? END
START what was a feminine word in old english? END
START what was the grammatical gender of the old english word for wife? END
START what did not have a gender in old english? END
START what is used to show gender in modern english? END
START what type of noun refers to a female person in modern english? END
START when the latin alphabet was introduced to old english, what letter was the same as v? END
START along with k and z, what latin letter was not used in old english? END
START what is the term for the letter þ? END
START what number was the tironian note visually similar to? END
START what was the term for the letter ƿ? END
START what was originally used to mark long vowels? END
START what were most letter pairs used for? END
START what is regarded as the greatest literary work in old english? END
START about how many lines was beowulf? END
START who was hrothgar a descendant of? END
START who adopted hrothgar's ancestor? END
START what is the longest old english work? END
START where was hrothgar found as a baby? END
START beowulf is typical of what prose? END
START to what language group does old english belong? END
START along with old saxon, what language is closely related to old english? END
START to what modern language is old english similar? END
START in what century did the latin alphabet replace the runic system in old english writing? END
START what other germanic languages are close to modern english? END
START what is modern german very different from? END
START what replaced runic writing in the 900's END
START who was known by the nickname "the grammarian"? END
START what churchman was influential in the development of the winchester standard? END
START in what century did the winchester standard arise? END
START what is another term for the winchester standard? END
START what event led to english temporarily losing its importance as a literary language? END
START what standard was established in the 1000's? END
START what replaced the classic form of old english? END
START who influenced literary standards in the 1000's? END
START what writer helped develop the winchester standard? END
START for about how many years was old english used? END
START in what century was old english first used? END
START in what century did old english cease to be used? END
START according to albert baugh, what was the period in which old english was used? END
START about what percentage of old english words are not present in modern english? END
START where did anglo-saxons settle in the 500's? END
START what language stopped being used in britain during the 1100's? END
START who claims old english was in use for from 450 to 1150 years? END
START 85% of what language is still in use today? END
START from what old english dialect is the standard for of modern english descended? END
START from what old english dialect did scots derive? END
START what modern dialect is sometimes regarded as being similar to that of the historical kingdom of wessex? END
START along with centralization, what reason is given for the lack of records in non-wessex dialects after the unification of alfred? END
START what dialects disappeared after alfred's unification? END
START what scholars lead the movement to translate texts into english? END
START what languages are descended from mercian and west saxon? END
START what was the capital of the anglo-saxon kingdom? END
START what language influenced old english as a result of the viking invasions? END
START what language was spoken in northern england after the viking invasions? END
START between the english and scandinavian language, what elements were most different? END
START what language was influenced by english as a result of viking invasions? END
START what language replace norse in northern england? END
START what did english and scandinavian have in common? END
START what led to a simpler norse grammar? END
START what trait does old english possess that modern english lacks? END
START along with the nominative, genitive, dative and instrumental, what case did old english possess? END
START the modern english ending -'s is derived from what ending in old english? END
START in old english, noun endings vary on what basis? END
START what kind of diversity is found in modern english? END
START what were examples of morphology in old english and old norse? END
START what language had the greatest influence on english? END
START what was the name of the area in england ruled by the vikings? END
START who argued that the influence of old norse caused english to become a clearer, stronger and more direct language? END
START what parts of english grammar declined as a result of old norse influence? END
START what influence made english more of a synthetic language? END
START what language had the most impact on other languages? END
START why did the vikings stop using complicated word-endings? END
START what did the norse language gain clarity and directness from? END
START along with the present, what was a verb tense in old english? END
START what were the three moods that caused verb variation in old english? END
START along with the first and second, what person influenced verb variation in old english? END
START what is an example of a suffix used by old english weak verbs? END
START how did old english strong verbs express the past tense? END
START what does modern english use to express verbal aspects? END
START what forms the past tense in modern english? END
START what no longer indicates the past tense of weak verbs? END
START what language family does old english belong to? END
START what is another name for ingvaeonic? END
START in what century did old english first develop? END
START what anglo-saxon kingdom ruled parts of modern-day scotland? END
START what language was spoken in cornwall? END
START what germanic dialects are from the 500's? END
START who did the anglo-saxon kingdom of northuumbria belong to? END
START what language survived in cumbria until the 1200's? END
START what language replace old english in scandinavian settlements? END
START what is an important old english historical record? END
START what is an important old english religious poem? END
START what type of literary work is beowulf? END
START who is the earliest english poet known by name? END
START where did cædmon live? END
START what is the oldest surviving old english literature? END
START what is the anglo-saxon chronicle carved on? END
START what is considered the heart of world literature? END
START who are usually well known among the anglo-saxons? END
START what is another name for anglo-frisian? END
START along with the angles and saxons, what tribe spoke anglo-frisian? END
START what language family did common brittonic belong to? END
START how was the latin language brought to britain? END
START in what century did scandinavian settlement begin in northern england? END
START what germanic dialects developed from old english? END
START whose language was replaced by common brittonic? END
START what language replace common brittonic after the roman invasion? END
START what people ruled the eastern and northern parts of england beginning in the 900's? END
START what king unified the anglo-saxon realms in england? END
START what treatise was written by pope gregory? END
START when did alfred the great's reign begin? END
START in what century did alfred unify anglo-saxon england? END
START what dialect did alfred's government use? END
START who unified the anglo-saxon kingdoms in the 900's? END
START who advocated making latin the language of education? END
START what treatise did pope gregory i have translated into english? END
START what anglo-saxon king died in the 9th century? END
START along with northumbria, what kingdom was invaded by the vikings? END
START along with the part of mercia not conquered by the vikings, what other kingdom was combined with wessex by alfred? END
START what is the modern name for the west saxon dialect of alfred's time? END
START from what language was literature notably translated into west saxon? END
START north of what river in northumbria was the kingdom not overrun by the vikings? END
START who over ran most of mercia in the 900's? END
START who defended kent from the vikings? END
START what became the standard language in the 900's? END
START what language was west saxon literature translated to? END
START during what century did cnut rule? END
START what was cnut's nationality? END
START during what century did scandinavians begin to settle in england? END
START what language was a source for english loanwords that are still used today? END
START along with eastern england, what part of england contains many place names of scandinavian origin? END
START how did the norse borrow words from old english? END
START who influenced the english language starting in the 900's? END
START who ruled in the 1100's? END
START what led to more complicated grammar after the old english period? END
START what form of c, when written, contains a dot over the letter? END
START what conventional letter from the latin alphabet typically replaces the wynn from old english? END
START what letter from the latin alphabet replaces the old english insular g? END
START what latin letter is used in place of the old english long s? END
START when eth is replaced, what is it replaced by? END
START what removes some conventions from old english manuscripts? END
START what are used to indicate short vowels? END
START what kind of vowels have no distinction in old english? END
START what modern religion sometimes uses old english? END
START what hobby champions the use of old english? END
START along with tolkien, what modern scholar notably made use of old english? END
START what wikipedia project makes use of the old english language? END
START what is a term for modern texts written in old english? END
START what is one of the few languages imitated by scholars?  END
START what author promoted the active use of old english? END
START what wikipedia project translate old english texts? END
START what modern authors wrote exclusively in old english? END
START what was written using the germanic 24-character elder furthark? END
START how many anglo-saxon vowels were there? END
START what script came into use in the 900's? END
START who introduced a latin script in the 900's? END
START what writing form came into use in the 1200's? END
START what type of carrier is the largest? END
START what capability does a fleet carrier offer? END
START what purpose were excort carriers developed for? END
START what were most escort carriers built from? END
START what are the soviet aircraft carriers used by russia actually called? END
START what type of carrier is the smallest? END
START what capability does a fleet carrier not offer? END
START what purpose were export carriers developed for? END
START what were few escort carriers built from? END
START what are the soviet aircraft carriers used by germany actually called? END
START what type of aircraft carrier was the uss bogue? END
START what type of aircraft was the uss independence? END
START what advantage did light carriers have over escort carriers? END
START what was the expected serice life of the uk 1942 design light fleet carrier? END
START who did the uk 1941 design light fleet carriers serve during the war? END
START what type of aircraft carrier was the uss vogue? END
START what type of tank was the uss independence? END
START what advantage did heavy carriers have over escort carriers? END
START what was the expected service life of the uk 1924 design light fleet carrier? END
START who did the uk 1941 design heavy fleet carriers serve during the war? END
START when did russia's united shipbuilding corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier? END
START what year was the goal for russia's new carrier to achieve initial operational capability? END
START what was izvestiya? END
START where was the northern fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START where was the pacific fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START when did prussia's united shipbuilding corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier? END
START what year was the goal for russia's old carrier to achieve initial operational capability? END
START what wasn't izvestiya? END
START where was the southern fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START where was the atlantic fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START what are typically regarded as "runways at sea"? END
START what design feature do aircraft carriers feature to aid in launching and recovering aircraft? END
START where are the most notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found? END
START what is a primary reason that ships have shorter runways than land runways have? END
START what do aircraft need to do when using shorter runway lengths? END
START what are never regarded as "runways at sea"? END
START what design feature do aircraft carriers feature to hinder launching and recovering aircraft? END
START where are the least notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found? END
START what is a primary reason that ships have longer runways than land runways have? END
START what do aircraft need to do when using longer runway lengths? END
START when did conventional carriers start recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship? END
START what risk is avoided by aircraft by using an angled deck? END
START how many "waist" catapults can be installed with an angled deck? END
START how man bow cats can be installed with an angled deck? END
START what aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle flexibilty? END
START when did conventional carriers stop recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship? END
START what risk is added by aircraft by using an angled deck? END
START how many "waste" catapults can be installed with an angled deck? END
START how man bow dogs can be installed with an angled deck? END
START what aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle rigidity? END
START where are ski-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers? END
START what did ski-jump ramps allow stovl aircraft to do that they couldn't do with a flat deck?? END
START who originally developed the ski-jump ramp? END
START what does a ski-jump ramp convert in order to be successful? END
START what does the ski-jump ramp prevent a fully loaded and fueled aircraft from doing? END
START where are snowboard-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers? END
START what did ski-jump ramps stop stovl aircraft to do that they couldn't do with a flat deck? END
START who originally hated the ski-jump ramp? END
START what does a ski-jump ramp convert in order to be a failure? END
START what does the ski-jump ramp prevent a unloaded and fueled aircraft from doing? END
START what type of flight decks are aircraft carriers equipped with? END
START what purpose do aircraft carriers serve for aircraft? END
START typically, what is the capital ship of any fleet? END
START what do aircraft carriers allow naval forces to accomplish? END
START what have the old converted cruiser aircraft carriers evolved into? END
START what type of flight decks are aircraft carriers not equipped with? END
START what purpose do aircraft carriers serve for land vehicles? END
START typically, what is the capital ship of no fleets? END
START what do aircraft carriers disallow naval forces to accomplish? END
START what have the new converted cruiser aircraft carriers devolved into? END
START in what year was the advent of heavier-than-air fixed-wing aircraft? END
START in what year was the first experimental take-off of an airplane? END
START in what year were the first experimental landings of an airplane? END
START what did the imperial japanese navy wakamiya conduct in september 1914? END
START what was the first carrier-launched airstrike? END
START in what year was the advent of lighter-than-air fixed-wing aircraft? END
START in what year was the second experimental take-off of an airplane? END
START in what year were the first experimental takeoffs of an airplane? END
START what did the imperial chinese navy wakamiya conduct in september 1914? END
START what was the first carrier-launched seastrike? END
START which ship was originally known as being the capital ship of the fleet? END
START when did aircraft carriers begin being know as the capital ship of the fleet? END
START what type of carrier is capable of displacing 75,000 tonnes or greater? END
START which ships are used for carrying and landing marines? END
START what do amphibious assalut ships need a large contingent of for carrying marines? END
START which ship was never known as being the capital ship of the fleet? END
START when did aircraft carriers begin being know as the minor ship of the fleet? END
START what type of carrier is capable of displacing 57,000 tonnes or greater? END
START which ships are used for carrying and landing civilians? END
START what do amphibious assault ships need a small contingent of for carrying marines? END
START who is in the process of procuring two canbera-class lhd's? END
START how large will the two canbera-class ldh's be? END
START what is one primary role of the canbera-class ldh? END
START how many troops can be maintained on a canbera-class lhd? END
START how many helicopters is the lhd capable of launching? END
START who is in the process of releasing two canbera-class lhd's? END
START how small will the two canbera-class ldh's be? END
START what is a secondary role of the canbera-class ldh? END
START how many civilians can be maintained on a canbera-class lhd? END
START how many tanks is the lhd capable of launching? END
START what is the british navy constructing to replace their three invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the 2 queen elizabeth class ships be named? END
START when are the 2 queen elizabeth class ships due to become operational? END
START how many tonnes can the queen elizabeth class ships displace? END
START how large will the two queen elizabeth ships be? END
START what is the british army constructing to replace their three invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the 2 queen victoria class ships be named? END
START when are the 2 queen elizabeth class ships due to become unoperational? END
START how many grams can the queen elizabeth class ships displace? END
START how old will the two queen elizabeth ships be? END
START why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier? END
START what are assisted launch mechanisms primarily used for? END
START what does catobar allow for? END
START why is stovl used by other navies? END
START why do the constraints of deconstructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier? END
START what are assisted launch mechanisms secondarily used for? END
START what doesn't catobar allow for? END
START why is stovl not used by other navies? END
START what is more expensive to operate? END
START why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems? END
START what is the purpose of an arrested-recovery system? END
START what do aircraft do when landing in order to stop on a short distance? END
START what does a landing area angles off access allow an aircraft to do if if misses the arresting wires? END
START what can a "bolt" prevent an aircraft from doing? END
START why do almost all carriers using nonconventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems? END
START what is not the purpose of an arrested-recovery system? END
START what do aircraft do when landing in order to stop on a long distance? END
START what does a landing area angles off access allow an aircraft to do if it catches the arresting wires? END
START what can a "bolt" allow an aircraft to do? END
START what are 3 key personnel involved in the flight deck? END
START what are shooters responsible for? END
START what is the handler responsible for? END
START where does the captain of the ship spend most of his time? END
START who is the flag bridge area of the ship designated for? END
START what are 3 key personnel not involved in the flight deck? END
START what are shooters unresponsible for? END
START what is the handler unresponsible for? END
START where does the captain of the ship spend the least of his time? END
START who is the flag bridge area of the ship restricted from? END
START what is the disadvantage of the ski-jump? END
START what cannot launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight? END
START what do heavily laden aircraft sometimes require the assistance from? END
START why is a ski-jump not included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present? END
START how is the russian su-33 able to launch from the carrier admiral kuznetsov? END
START what is the advantage of the ski-jump? END
START what can launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight? END
START what do lightly laden aircraft sometimes require the assistance from? END
START why is a ski-jump included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present? END
START how is the russian su-33 unable to launch from the carrier admiral kuznetsov? END
START why did china purchase the stobar carrier liaoning in 1998? END
START what is liaoning classifed as? END
START what is the liaoning intended to help the navy practice with? END
START why is liaoning not assigned to any of china's operation fleets? END
START why did the chinese pla navy need 4-5 years for liaoning to reach full capacity? END
START why didn't china purchase the stobar carrier liaoning in 1998? END
START what isn't liaoning classifed as? END
START what is the liaoning intended to hinder the navy practice with? END
START why is liaoning assigned to any of china's operation fleets? END
START why did the chinese pla navy need 14-15 years for liaoning to reach full capacity? END
START who started construction of a 40,000-tonne vikrant-class carrier in 2009? END
START what will power the indian-made ship? END
START what will the range of the indian-made ship be, carrying 160 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft? END
START who is constructing the indian-made ship? END
START when was the indian-made ship launched? END
START who finished construction of a 40,000-tonne vikrant-class carrier in 2009? END
START what will not power the indian-made ship? END
START what will the range of the indian-made ship be, carrying 106 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft? END
START who isn't constructing the indian-made ship? END
START when was the indian-made ship retired? END
START what were carriers used for in the early 20th century? END
START as of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there worldwide? END
START what is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the u.s. navy? END
START how many aircraft can supercarriers carry? END
START who owns the largest carriers in the world? END
START what were carriers used for in the early 19th century? END
START as of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there in the united states? END
START what is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the u.n. navy? END
START how many warcraft can supercarriers carry? END
START who owns the smallest carriers in the world? END
START what is the definition of an "aircraft carrier"? END
START how may aircraft carriers be classified? END
START who is admiral sir mark stanhope? END
START who said, "countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers"? END
START what is the definition of an "warcraft carrier"? END
START how may aircraft be classified? END
START who is admiral sir mark royal? END
START who said, "countries that aspire to strategic local influence have aircraft carriers"? END
START what type of carrier has a single definition END
START what dramatically changed naval combat in world war ii? END
START what drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as focal weapons? END
START why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns? END
START what was signalled in 1940 when hms illustrious launched an strike on an italian fleet? END
START what event showed the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters? END
START what dramatically changed naval combat in world war i? END
START what drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as secondary weapons? END
START why were carrier-launched aircraft less effective than naval guns? END
START what was signalled in 1904 when hms illustrious launched an strike on an italian fleet? END
START what event didn't show the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters? END
START what develpment produced the first large fleet ships? END
START what was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering naval aircraft? END
START what did the washington naval treaty of 1922 limit? END
START what caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers? END
START what type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1927? END
START what develpment produced the first small fleet ships? END
START what was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering civilian aircraft? END
START what did the washington naval treaty of 1920 limit? END
START what caused modern aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers? END
START what type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1972? END
START what does emals stand for? END
START who developed emals? END
START what do emals enable the launching of? END
START who was impressed by the demonstration of emals by general atomics? END
START how many in-service aircraft carriers are aimed for with emals? END
START what does meals stand for? END
START who didn't develop emals? END
START what do emals disable the launching of? END
START who wasn't impressed by the demonstration of emals by general atomics? END
START how many out of service aircraft carriers are aimed for with emals? END
START what was the august 2013 launching ceremony in yokohama held for? END
START how many helicopters can simultaneously land on japan's largest military ship? END
START how long is japan's largest military ship? END
START how many troops can japan's largest military ship carry? END
START how much does japan's largest military ship weigh? END
START what was the august 2013 launching ceremony in toyko held for? END
START how many helicopters can simultaneously land on china's largest military ship? END
START how long is japan's largest civilian ship? END
START how many troops can japan's smallest military ship carry? END
START how much does japan's smallest military ship weigh? END
START what will some of the current us fleet of nimitz-class carriers be replaced with? END
START which feature of the new ships will replace the old steam catapults? END
START when is the uss enterprise scheduled to be decommissioned? END
START how much does the gerald r. ford-class carrier weigh? END
START how much does the america-class amphibious assault ship weigh? END
START what will some of the current un fleet of nimitz-class carriers be replaced with? END
START which feature of the new ships will replace the old nuclear catapults? END
START when is the uss enterprise scheduled to be commissioned? END
START how much does the harrison r. ford-class carrier weigh? END
START how much does the america-class amphibious peace ship weigh? END
START what type of aircraft have no need to decelerate? END
START what does the angled deck separate the recovery operation area from? END
START what does v/stol refer to? END
START what capability do helicopters use to move over the flight deck and land vertically? END
START what don't helicopters need because of having hover capablility? END
START what type of aircraft have no need to accelerate? END
START what does the non-angled deck separate the recovery operation area from? END
START what does v/stol not refer to? END
START what capability do helicopters use to move over the flight deck and land horizontally? END
START what don't planes need because of having hover capablility? END
START what feature was pioneered on the hms hermes in 1923? END
START what is concentrated in the small area called an island? END
START other than japanese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on? END
START what was the biggest drawback to the flush deck configuration? END
START what was a major issue in the uss langley? END
START what feature was pioneered on the hms hermes in 1932? END
START what is concentrated in the large area called an island? END
START other than chinese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on? END
START what was the biggest advantage to the flush deck configuration? END
START what was a minor issue in the uss langley? END
START what is the name of the 42,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001? END
START what is the charles de gaulle the flagship of? END
START what type of missiles does the charles de gaulle carry? END
START what is another name for the french navy? END
START what type of carrier is the charles de gaulle? END
START what is the name of the 24,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001? END
START what is the charles de gaulle not the flagship of? END
START what type of lasers does the charles de gaulle carry? END
START what is not another name for the french navy? END
START what type of airplane is the charles de gaulle? END
START how many supercarriers did the u.s. fleet have following the deactivation of the uss enterprise? END
START how many new carriers per year did the house armed services seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07? END
START what class does the uss america belong to? END
START what is the uss america capable of destroying squadrons of? END
START which other carrier joins the uss america in active service? END
START how many supercarriers did the u.n. fleet have following the deactivation of the uss enterprise? END
START how many old carriers per year did the house armed services seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07? END
START what class doesn't the uss america belong to? END
START what is the uss america incapable of destroying squadrons of? END
START which other carrier joins the uss america in unactive service? END
START why have aircraft carriers increased in size since world war ii? END
START how much more displacement does the modern nimitz class have compared to the older uss enterprise? END
START why do nations risk significant political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict? END
START which era does the uss enterprise belong to? END
START why have aircraft carriers increased in size since world war i? END
START how much more displacement does the modern nimitz class have compared to the newer uss enterprise? END
START why do nations risk minimal political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict? END
START which era does the usa enterprise belong to? END
START today's aircraft carriers are so cheap that nations which operate them risk what? END
START what does lso stand for? END
START who does a conventional aircraft rely upon to moniter the aircraft's approach and transmit the data to the pilot? END
START what did lso's use to signal corrections to the pilot prior to the angled deck designs introduced in the 1950's? END
START which visual landing aids have provided information on proper glide slope since the late 1950's? END
START what are lso's still being used to do? END
START what does osl stand for? END
START who does a non-conventional aircraft rely upon to moniter the aircraft's approach and transmit the data to the pilot? END
START what did lso's use to signal corrections to the pilot prior to the angled deck designs introduced in the 1960's? END
START which visual landing aids have provided information on proper glide slope since the late 1940's? END
START what are lso's no longer being used to do? END
START what is a more fuel efficient way for stovl aircraft to take off rather than vertically? END
START what kind of aircraft are capable of taking off vertically? END
START what landing aircraft have removed the need for arresting cables? END
START what do russian carriers include for launching lightly loaded conventional fighters? END
START what do russian carriers still use to recover? END
START what is a less fuel efficient way for stovl aircraft to take off rather than vertically? END
START what kind of aircraft are capable of taking off horizontally? END
START what landing aircraft have included the need for arresting cables? END
START what do russian carriers include for launching heavily loaded conventional fighters? END
START what do russian carriers no longer use to recover? END
START what class carrier is the sao paulo? END
START who is the sao paulo currently in service for? END
START who was the sao paulo first commissioned by in 1963? END
START what did sao paulo undergo during the period from 2005-2010? END
START what setback happened to sao paula in 2012? END
START what class carrier is the pao saulo? END
START who is the sao paulo currently out of service for? END
START who was the sao paulo first commissioned by in 1936? END
START what didn't sao paulo undergo during the period from 2005-2010? END
START what advancement happened to sao paula in 2012? END
START what type of carrier is admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov? END
START when was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov first launched? END
START what was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov renamed? END
START what is unique about tbilisi? END
START what will be removed from tbilisi in order to enlarge her below decks aviation facilities? END
START what type of airplane is admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov? END
START when was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov last launched? END
START what was admiral florida sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov renamed? END
START what is mundane about tbilisi? END
START what will be added from tbilisi in order to enlarge her below decks aviation facilities? END
START which class of aircraft carriers is being constructed to replace the invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the displacement be for the hms queen elizabeth? END
START when is hms queen elizabeth projected to commission? END
START when is prince of wales projected to commission? END
START who is building hms queen elizabeth and prince of wales? END
START which class of aircraft carriers is being deconstructed to replace the invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the displacement be for the smh queen elizabeth? END
START when is hms queen elizabeth projected to end? END
START when is prince of wales projected to end? END
START who is buying hms queen elizabeth and prince of wales? END
START when did two whisleblowers allege that boutris  attempted to ground southwest airlines? END
START how many planes did the faa managers allow to fly in 2006 and 2007 that were overdue for safety inspections? END
START how much did the faa propose to fine southwest for failing to inspect older planes? END
START what former chairman of the committee said it's investigation uncovered a pattern of regulatory abuse? END
START how many planes were allowed to be operated commercially although not in compliance with faa safety regulations? END
START why did boutris say peters attempted to ground southwest? END
START how many aircrafts were operated commercially that were in compliance with faa safety rules? END
START how much did southwest pay in penalties for not adopting new safety procedures? END
START how many other airlines were audited? END
START when did the aftermath of the southwest airlines inspection scandal happen? END
START who approved a mesaure to tigheten regulations concerning airplane maintenance prodecures? END
START what does the word 'customer' properly apply to? END
START how long was the "cooling off" period that the faa inspectors or supervisers of inspectors must wait before they can work for those they regulate? END
START when did the senate approve a bill to tighten regulations concerning airplane maintenance procedures? END
START what was the two year "cooling off" period for whistleblowers for? END
START what did the bill require entities regulated by the faa be called? END
START when did the unanimous decision of the house and senate to pass the bill take place? END
START what epidemic did the faa have to handle in the 1960s? END
START who now takes responsibility for aviation security? END
START when did the faa become more involved with the environmental aspects of aviation? END
START when was legislation passed that gave the agency management of a new airport aide program? END
START what is the altitude which the faa regulates over? END
START when did the faa start to regulate low altitude kite and balloon flying? END
START what epidemic in the 60's cause aviation security to be taken over by homeland? END
START whne did homeland become more involved with the environmental aspects of aviation? END
START when did the faa receive the power to set watercraft noise standards? END
START when did the caa begin to exptend it's atc responsibilities? END
START what helped atc controllers in their drive ot keep ahead of the postwar boom in commercial air transportation? END
START when did congress give the caa the task of administering the federal-air airport program? END
START what did the federal-aid airport program aim to help develop? END
START when did america enter world war ii? END
START when did the caa begin to extend it's atc responsibilities at military airports? END
START what was the first wartime program of financial assistance  aimed at promoting the development of civil airports? END
START when did congress extend it's atc responsibilities to takeoff and landing operations at airports? END
START when did radar technology become permanent? END
START when did the agency acheive a semi-automated air traffic control system? END
START when was the airline deregulation act? END
START when did the nationwide strike by air traffic controlers union happen? END
START when did the faa shift to a more step-by-step approach to providing air traffic controllers with more advanced equipment? END
START what helped operate radar in the new air-traffic control system? END
START when did the agency achieve fully automated air traffic control systems? END
START when was airline deregulation phased out? END
START what was the act that phased out airline deregulation? END
START when was the nationwide strike that forced flight restrictions but failed to shutdown the aerospace system? END
START what type of enhancement did the air traffic control system get to keep up with air traffic growth? END
START when was the air commerce act passed? END
START who was charged with fostering air commerce? END
START what new branch was created and operates under the department of commerce? END
START who assumed primary responsibility for aviation oversight? END
START who was responsible for operating and maintaining aids to air navigation? END
START who passed the air commerce act? END
START who was charged with fostering aviation oversight? END
START who believed the airplane could not reach its federal potential without legislation? END
START who was charged with the fostering of manufacturing planes? END
START what department did the aeronautic branch create? END
START when did the grand-canyon mid-air collision happen? END
START when was the federal aviation act passed? END
START what agency would now act like the caa? END
START who did the federal aviation act transfer air safety regulation from? END
START who was the faa's first administrator? END
START who did president eisenhower appoint as the faa's first administrator? END
START what prompted the the legislation act of 1956? END
START what legislation gave the caas function to the government body, the faa? END
START who was the former general to president eisenhower? END
START the approaching era of air traffic control prompted passage of what act? END
START when did the faa decide to expand passengers use of portable elctronic devices during all phases of flight? END
START what mode must mobile phones be put into? END
START what phases of flight will passengers be able to use electronic devices? END
START where must devices be put during actual takeoff and landing? END
START are short-range bluetooth accessories able to be used? END
START when did the faa begin to allow mobile phone calls during flights? END
START what paper criticized nick bilton? END
START who made regulations that phones must not be in airplane mode, with mobile service enabled and bars displayed? END
START what must be in back pants pocket during takeoff and landing? END
START when did the us dot combine major federal responsibilities for air and surface transport? END
START what did the federal aviation agency change it's name to? END
START who would the faa administrator report to? END
START who approves new programs and budget requests? END
START who is the final person to approve the budget that is submitted? END
START what did the federal aviation agency change it's name from? END
START who would the secretary of transport report to instead of the faa? END
START what agencies combined to make the federal aviation administration? END
START who did the secretary of transportation send budget requests to to be approved? END
START what was the areonautics branch renamed to? END
START when was the aeronautics branch renamed? END
START when did the buerau take over and begin to expant the atc system? END
START what were the people who used maps, blackboards, and mental calculation to ensure the safe separation of aircraft traveling between cities called? END
START what was the bureau of air commerce renamed to? END
START when did the bureau create the first air traffic control centers? END
START when was the aeronautics branch renamed to reflect it's decreased status? END
START what did the bureau used to ensure the safe travels of aircraft? END
START as personal flying increased, what did the bureau establish? END
START when did the faa change it's long-standing approach to air traffic control candidates? END
START what was now favored instead of training and experince at flight schools? END
START who could be an air traffic controller irrespective of experience now because of the rule change? END
START what did applicants now take that many of them found baffling? END
START what kind of degree do you need to be considered? END
START when did the agency switch to a system where people could be "fast-tracked" for consideration? END
START how did applicants find the biological questionnaire? END
START who switched to an open system for candidates who completed the coursework at participating colleges? END
START what retired nasa office of inspector general is outspoken about the faa? END
START how much do penalties against airlines cost per violation? END
START a heavy penalty for violating faa reulations could said to be do what? END
START what did the agency propose to find southwest airlines? END
START who used to be the inspector general for the department of transportation? END
START when did joseph gutheinz commend the agency for proposing a $10.2 million fine against southwest? END
START who said penalties against airlines that violate faa directives should be $25,000? END
START what would be considered encouraging aerospace travel? END
START when did southwest conduct mandatory inspections. END
START in what year did blackpool and blackburn become independent unitary authorities? END
START in what year was simonswood transferred from knowsley to west lancashire END
START which places were added to the new county of cheshire? END
START where were the boroughs of liverpool, knowsley, st helens and sefton included? END
START which parish was transferred from knowsley to the district of west lancashire? END
START besides greater manchester, to what other county was a part of oldham incorporated into? END
START in what year was liverpool made a part of merseyside? END
START in what year was skipton rural district made part of lancashire? END
START in addition to greater manchester, part of tameside became a portion of what other county? END
START when was sefton included as part of merseyside? END
START when did the administrative boundaries for the duchy of lancaster change? END
START what is the duchy of lancaster? END
START what does the duchy of lancaster operate as? END
START who are appointed within the duchy and county palatine of lancater? END
START who exercises the right of the crown in the county palatine of lancaster? END
START in what decade was the county palatine of lancaster established? END
START what is the other royal duchy of england beyond the duchy of lancaster? END
START when was the duchy of lancaster established? END
START what county lies to the east of lancashire? END
START how many state grammar schools are in lancashire? END
START how many state schools are in lancashire? END
START how many independant schools are in lancashire? END
START who has the largest school population? END
START who has the smallest school population? END
START how many sixth form colleges are there in lancashire? END
START how many schools are there in total in the clitheroe area? END
START what's the size of the south ribble school population? END
START in what year was the church of england established? END
START how many catholic faith schools are there in lancashire? END
START what years did the lancashire league competition run from? END
START which county was once the focal point for many professional competitions? END
START which year was the lancashire county cup abandoned? END
START what year did rugby league start? END
START when were the first games played in the st helens super league? END
START when was the first lancashire county cup held? END
START how many rugby teams are there in lancashire? END
START what super league do the blackpool panthers play in? END
START in what super league do the chorley panthers play in? END
START where was the first open competition for brass bands held? END
START what year was the first open competition for brass bands held? END
START where was david atherton born? END
START what did david atherton co-found? END
START who began their musical career as organist of salford cathedral? END
START how many local church choirs were there in lancashire in the 17th century?  END
START where was sir thomas beecham born? END
START who founded the london sinfonietta with david atherton? END
START where is the salford cathedral? END
START in what city did handel primarily perform? END
START what are the biggest cities in lancashire? END
START by the 1830's, how much of all cotton was processed in lancashire? END
START where was a center for tourist for the people of lancashire's mill towns? END
START what week was most popular to visit lancashire's mill towns? END
START when did lancashire emerge as a major commercialand industrial region? END
START in what decade was liverpool founded? END
START when did the industrial revolution start? END
START what percentage of all global trade went through liverpool in the 1830's? END
START what percentage of the cotton was milled in oldham? END
START what was the centre of tourism for those living in bolton? END
START when was liverpool and manchester removed from lancashire boundaries? END
START how many miles of land did lancashire lose to other countries? END
START what is to the north of lancashire today? END
START what is to the east of lancashire today? END
START who exercises sovereignty rights for lancashire? END
START how much land did lancashire gain from west riding of yorkshire? END
START how large is the metropolitan county of merseyside? END
START what county borders cumbria to the east? END
START when did the current duke of lancaster start his reign? END
START how big was the west riding of yorkshire prior to 1974? END
START when was the administrative county of lancashire created? END
START what is the area served by the lord-lieutenant called now? END
START where is the ancient border between lancashire and yorkshire located? END
START why is lancashire smaller than its historical extent? END
START what area is covered by the lord-lieutenant? END
START when was the city of liverpool established? END
START what county lies north of lancashire? END
START what's the main river in todmorden? END
START what county lies north of the river mersey? END
START in what year was cheshire made a county? END
START when did the county become more urbanised? END
START which part in particular became urbanised in the 20th century? END
START when was warrington added to lancashire? END
START when was southport added? END
START when was blackpool added to the county? END
START when was the county borough of liverpool created? END
START what was the county borough of st helens created? END
START what a county bureau that lies in the southern part of lancashire? END
START where does bootle lie in lancashire? END
START in what year was oldham made part of lancashire? END
START what is most of the lowland in the county devoted to? END
START what is the higer ground in the county devoted to? END
START what is in the highest ground? END
START where is the lancashire coalfield located? END
START where is beacon fell county park located? END
START what does aonb stand for? END
START what are the valleys of the river ribble used for? END
START what is the area around ormskirk used for? END
START what's to the west of the county? END
START what is cultivated in the forest of rossendale? END
START what does the duchy administer within the county palatine? END
START what serves as the county town of the county palatine? END
START when did the title of duke of lancaster merge into the crown? END
START who is the duchy administered by? END
START in what year did the title of duke of lancaster get merged into the crown? END
START when was the loyal toast first used? END
START what's the term for when legal ownership can be ascertained? END
START where does the queen primarily live? END
START how long has there been a queen in the uk? END
START what does the lancashire economy rely on? END
START which direction does the m6 motorway run? END
START what road connects preston to blackpool? END
START which road crosses the part of the county furthest south? END
START how many miles is it from lancaster to preston? END
START how far is it in miles from blackburn to preston? END
START in what geographic region of lancashire does blackpool lay? END
START how far is chorley away from the nearest county boundary? END
START what is the length of the m6 motorway? END
START where are the major settlements in the ceremonial county located? END
START where is the fylde coast? END
START which part of the county is rural and sparsely populated? END
START how many people live in lancaster and morecambe? END
START what percentage of lancashire is asian? END
START in what year was the blackpool urban area established? END
START how many people lived in preston as of 1970? END
START what percentage of the population lives in north lancashire? END
START what cities are north of preston? END
START in what year did asians start emigrating to lancashire? END
START where was pop star frankie vaughan from? END
START how many bands were active in the liverpool area in the 1960s? END
START what was the first act to break through in the uk, not from liverpool or managed by brian epstein? END
START where were freddie and the dreamers based? END
START where were herman's hermints and the hollies from? END
START when was billy furry born? END
START in what year did freddie and the dreamers get their first hit? END
START how many active bands did manchester have in the 1960's? END
START how many local bands were still in liverpool in the late 1960s? END
START what was the name of one of the band members in the beatles? END
START who was "the ballad of chevy chase" composed by? END
START where was richard sheale from? END
START what is lancashire's long and productive tradition? END
START what did the county share with it's national traditions? END
START what is the finest border ballad? END
START besides "the ballad of chevy chase" what was another composition written by richard sheale? END
START who composed "warrington ale"? END
START what is one of the local wassailing songs called? END
START what was "the ballad of chevy chase" about? END
START what type of dancing is associated with "the leaving of liverpool"? END
START when was lancashire established? END
START when was the area part of brigantes tribal area? END
START in what year did the northern parts of the country form the brythonic kingdom of rheged? END
START what is the brythonic kingdom of rheged? END
START when was the area incorporated into northumbria? END
START when did the romans enter the area of manchester? END
START when was lancaster established? END
START in what year did brigantes tribe become the brythonic kingdom of rheged? END
START in what century were roman forts first established? END
START when was the town of castleshaw founded? END
START how many people lived in lancashire in 1971? END
START what is the most populous geographic county in the uk? END
START when was the administrative county abolished? END
START what did the southern part of lancashire turn into? END
START what incorporated the furness exclave? END
START how many people like in the uk? END
START in what geographic region of lancashire is cumbria county? END
START how many people lived in merseyside according to the 1971 census? END
START how many people lived in lancashire in 1961? END
START how many people lived in cumbria after it was made into a county in 1974? END
START who was a local pioneer of folk song collection? END
START who did the most to popularize folk songs of the county? END
START who were the most influential fold artists from the region in the 20th century? END
START who do the many folk clubs today cater to? END
START what is one of the regular folk festivals called? END
START in what year was james orchard halliwell born? END
START in what year did the spinners release their first folk music album? END
START when was the first fylde folke festival at fleetwood held? END
START what city was harry boardman from? END
START where was james orchard halliwell from? END
START what is the county flower of lancaster? END
START where can the red rose of lancaster be found? END
START what is on the traditional lancashire flag? END
START what is on the official lancashire flag? END
START whos flag officially is a red rose on a white field? END
START in what century was the traditional lancashire flag established? END
START in what century was the flag institute founded? END
START in what century did montrose register the lancaster flag? END
START what was montrose's heraldic flag? END
START in what year was hugh wood born? END
START where was sir peter maxwell davies born? END
START when was the royal manchester college of music founded? END
START when was the royal northern college of music formed? END
START what did the royal manchester college of music merge with? END
START who founded the royal manchester college of music? END
START who founded the northern college of music? END
START who was the first head of the royal northern college of music? END
START in what year did harrison birtwistle receive the sir title? END
START in what year did peter maxwell davies attain the title of sir? END
START what era was 250 million to 247 million years ago? END
START what geologic climate was found in the early triassic? END
START what landmass was still unbroken in the early triassic? END
START what percentage of extinction of species had recently happened?? END
START what species had evolved after  the extinction and would become the basic predator in the triassic? END
START what geologic climate was not found in the early triassic? END
START what percentage of species growth had recently happened? END
START what landmass broke in the earl triassic? END
START what species had evolved before the extinction and would become the basic predator in the triassic? END
START what was the most rare life on earth? END
START what event produced further adaptations during  the jurassic and cretaceous periods? END
START when was the top of archosaur diversity? END
START what species spread towards the poles during the jurassic? END
START what species dominated many tree floras by the end of the cretaceous period? END
START what types of species are thought to still have been dominate until after the extinction? END
START what event stunted adaptions during the jurassic? END
START when was the bottom of archosaur diversity? END
START the temperature gradient prevented what land species growth? END
START what prevented the spread of angiosperms towards the poles? END
START what types of species are thought to have died before the extinction? END
START what event sets the boundary for the triassic? END
START what percentage of marine life died during the extinction? END
START how many terrestrial species died during the extinction? END
START what is the largest extinction of species in earth's history known as? END
START what is the possible cause of the upper cretaceous extinction event ? END
START what percentage of marine life growth happened during the permian–triassic era? END
START how many terrestrial species were created during the permian–triassic era? END
START large volcanic eruptions contributed to the expansion of what period? END
START what percent of terrestrial vertebrates became extinct on the yucatán peninsula? END
START what percentage of all genera thrived during the cretaceous–paleogene era? END
START what is the span of the late cretaceous period? END
START what weather trend ocured in the late cretaceous and cenozoic periods? END
START what climate was restricted to the equatorial areas? END
START what type of weather changes did areas outside of the tropics experience? END
START what event ended the age of the dinosaur by causing a 75% extinction? END
START what weather trend didn't ocur in the late cretaceous and cenozoic periods? END
START which dinosaur species saw its demise during the late cretaceous? END
START which water borne species brought about the extinction of the mosasaurs? END
START flowering plants died out during which period? END
START which dinosaurs help pollute the atmosphere? END
START what is uncertain about the cretaceous? END
START what atmospheric gas caused temperatures levels to be 10 degrees higher than today? END
START what was about equal across the planet? END
START during the cretaceous what climate was thought to be found in areas near the seas? END
START what did large amounts of deposited un-decomposed organic matter later become? END
START what is most volatile aspect about the cretaceous? END
START lower levels of carbon dioxide caused what? END
START the circulation of oxygen in the deep ocean may have increased during what period? END
START black shale was destroyed by what during the cretaceous period? END
START why were equatorial ocean waters too cold? END
START what was the span of the late triassic? END
START besides moderate precipitation, what weather conditions did the late triassic have? END
START when did the first dinosaurs evolve? END
START according to theory, what did climate change in the late triassic cause? END
START what was the only archosaur to survive the fourth mass extinction? END
START besides moderate precipitation, what weather conditions did the late triassic not have? END
START what lead to the demise of a certain segment of reptilian evolution? END
START what resulted in a relatively small die-out known as the triassic jurassic extinction event? END
START what survived the triassic jurassic extinction event? END
START 34% of marine life survived what extinction event? END
START what is the span of the early cretaceous? END
START what event of the early cretaceous caused the extinction of several species? END
START what species died out due to the expansion of coastal shallows? END
START what species dominated the seas? END
START what dinosaur spread to every continent? END
START what event of the early cretaceous caused the proliferation of several species? END
START what dinosaur was particularly confined to one continent? END
START what caused ichthyosaurs to thrive? END
START which species avoided the polar areas? END
START what species was most similar to crocodiles? END
START what caused the sea to rise during the jurassic? END
START rising seas and displaced waters caused what  element along the coasts? END
START pangaea beginning to break apart created what new sea? END
START what weather condition increased? END
START as humidity increased what land area decreased? END
START what caused the sea to fall during the jurassic? END
START rising seas and displaced waters destroyed what element along the coasts? END
START what weather condition became much more stable? END
START why did humidity decrease during the jurassic? END
START by how much did oceans increase in size compared to today? END
START what is the span of years for the early jurassic? END
START what feature of the climate produced a more tropical world? END
START besides ichthyosaurs and ammonites, what was the other dominate species in the seas? END
START what was the highest order of species n land? END
START what other order evolved during the jurassic? END
START what feature of the climate hindered a more tropical world END
START plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs were mostly hunted by with competitive species? END
START what species saw itself at the bottom of the race hierarchy? END
START reptiles were a submissive species during what time period? END
START crocodiles were threatened by what species? END
START at what time was tectonic formation mild? END
START where did the basic geological changes of this period occur? END
START what supercontinent split to form two smaller continents? END
START what was the northern continent split from pangaea? END
START what was pangaea's southern continent called? END
START at what time was tectonic formation especially active? END
START what was the northern continent that combined into pangaea? END
START what continent split to destroy the passive continental margin near the atlantic? END
START what destroyed the innuitian orogeny? END
START what type of animals took longer to reestablish? END
START when did recovery of these diverse animals begin? END
START how long after the permian-triassic extinction did animal recovery take to completion? END
START what dominated animal life in the triassic? END
START how many years after the extinction did animal recovery begin? END
START what type of animals were especially quick to reestablish? END
START the recovery of many species failed during what period of the triassic? END
START what animal life was most at risk in the triassic? END
START how many years of recovery did the extinction interrupt? END
START at what point did the mesozoic era begin? END
START when did the mesozoic end? END
START what kind of geologic activity occurred during the mesozoic? END
START besides climate changes, what other important activity occurred during the mesozoic? END
START when mamals appeared they remained small until what period? END
START at what point did the mesozoic era end? END
START the mesozoic was a time devoid of what activity? END
START what quickly split the supercontinent pangea into landmasses? END
START non-avian dinosaurs disappeared in what period? END
START birds devolved from what branch of dinosaurs? END
START what is the span of years of the middle triassic? END
START what continuing event began in the middle triassic? END
START during the breakup of pangaea, what sea was created? END
START from what had the ecosystem had to recover? END
START what type of animal began to flourish and become increasingly large? END
START what continuing event ended in the middle triassic? END
START in what period did pine forests mostly die out? END
START during the formation of pangaea, what sea was created? END
START pine forests brought about the demise of what insects? END
START how many years did the late jurassic cover? END
START what did the separation of pangaea cause to become extinct? END
START what is the extinction caused by the splitting of pangaea called? END
START what caused the destruction of fern prairies and increasing shallows? END
START what did the rise in sea levels open in the seaways?  END
START in the late jurassic what species survived? END
START the separation of pangaea allowed what species to thrive above others? END
START sea levels fell during what time period that spanned from 163 million to 145 million years ago? END
START the increase in sea levels closed up which sea? END
START what was the general rainfall in the triassic? END
START what could have made temperatures more extreme? END
START because of distance form the sea and wide variance in temperatures, what was the interior of pangaea like? END
START what were there periods of during the triassic? END
START what was the carnian pluvial event? END
START in what period was it consistently rainy? END
START what caused the triassic–jurassic extinction event? END
START why was the carnian pluvial event especially dry? END
START what was the dominant plant species of the mesozoic? END
START what is an example of a gymnosperm? END
START what are the dominate plant species on earth now? END
START when did the ginkgo evolve? END
START what famous tree species is believed to have evolved during the mesozoic? END
START what plant species died out in the mesozoic? END
START ginkgo species died out in what period? END
START what are the most at risk species on earth now? END
START what land species died out in this period? END
START in what decade was digital telephony transmission made possible? END
START what is the minimum bit rate for compressed video and audio transmission? END
START what is an example of an early form of digital video and audio communication? END
START in what form did the first dedicated videoconferencing system appear as? END
START what company offered the first commercial videoconferencing system? END
START when did video and audio transmission come into being? END
START in november, 1984, what else was being researched? END
START what other minimum bit rate is not as widely used as videoconferencing? END
START what started to appear as the media space was expanding world wide? END
START where did the first compressed video transmission that was sold sold come from? END
START what controls the conferencing while its active on the signaling plane? END
START where does the videoconferencing system manage conferencing creation? END
START what is one example of what the signaling plane controls in a videoconferencing system? END
START on what plane does the mc operate? END
START what generates output streams from each endpoint? END
START what does the mp control while active on the signaling plane? END
START where does the system manage output streams while it is active? END
START what does the mc receive from in-conferencing controls? END
START what does the signaling plane do with information in a conference? END
START what signaling negotiations does the mp operate on? END
START what technology has become more widely available and affordable? END
START what is an example of a personal videoconferencing system tool? END
START what has made videoconferencing accessible to many? END
START videoconferencing freeware is widely available in what programs? END
START what has become more available as the availability of freeware has decreased? END
START what has having access to a webcam done for videoconferencing? END
START what has happened after internet connectivity for technology has improved? END
START what type of programs is video capture usually a part of? END
START what has made high speed internet accessible to many? END
START videophone calls are different from videoconferencing in what way? END
START what is an example of a videophone call program? END
START what term is more used today to refer to calls between two units? END
START what are videoconferencing calls now more commonly known as? END
START what is another name for videophone calls? END
START what technology serves sophisticated software clients and not groups? END
START how does increased bandwidth differ from point-to-point calls? END
START what is an example of a teleconferencing program? END
START what are software clients and multiple parties commonly called? END
START what type of call is another name for point-to-point chat? END
START in what decade did developers extend the capabilities of videoconferencing to more devices? END
START what allows people in remote locations the ability to video-conference with colleagues far away? END
START what is one example of an application that videoconferencing manufacturers have begun to offer? END
START what type of applications have videoconferencing manufacturers begun to offer? END
START what is an example of a place that videoconferencing can be used today? END
START what have moblie collaboration system manufacturers provided? END
START what has the use of video done in the 2010's? END
START what is one type of application that mobile collaboration manufacturers offer? END
START what have videoconferencing developers created for use with off shore oil rigs? END
START what does still image streaming allow? END
START what can videoconferencing offer students? END
START who can benefit from two-way communication forums? END
START what is a major barrier to videoconferencing between some communities? END
START what is one example of how students can benefit from videoconferencing? END
START what is one experience that students using videoconferencing can achieve? END
START what do geographically isolated areas provide to students? END
START who can  be brought to small schools to help students learn? END
START what will persist when teachers and lecturers are brought together? END
START what can students do through geographically isolated locations END
START who can learn from foreign language forums? END
START what company introduced the first device to help deaf people communicate through telecommunications? END
START what was the name of at&t's videophone device? END
START in what year was at&t's "picturephone" device introduced? END
START where was at&t's "picturephone" device unveiled? END
START in what decade were more efficient ways of using sign language via video-telephony developed? END
START where was the picturephone introduced in the 1990's? END
START where were universities able to communicate with each other at the fair? END
START what organization conducted research on isdn phone lines? END
START how were video codecs hampered for years? END
START what was introduced to make extensive research easier over video telephony? END
START in what industry has videoconferencing become useful? END
START on what film was videoconferencing widely used? END
START what year was the movie frozen released? END
START in what city were the songwriting team of frozen located? END
START how many months did the songwriters work on the movie via videoconferencing? END
START how has videoconferencing become useful in the songwriting industry? END
START in what industry has using different locations become useful? END
START in what year was the film industry globalized? END
START how long did songwriters work in different locations through videoconferencing? END
START on what movie were complex details of film production used? END
START what is a video-conference also known as? END
START what does a video-conference use that allows communication in live situations? END
START what is a multi-point control unit? END
START how does video-conferencing allow multiple parties to communicate with each other? END
START how many locations can one use videoconferencing for? END
START what is a web-based application more expensive than? END
START how does a videophone allow live communication? END
START what is a videophone also known as? END
START how many locations can you use a videophone in? END
START what have videophones allowed by going around traditional definitions? END
START what is one area where teleconferencing could not be used? END
START who developed the first systems to transmit slow-scan video? END
START when was the first slow-scan video systems researched? END
START what was the bit rate of at&t's picturephone? END
START what was the bandwidth of at&t's picturephone? END
START who developed the first system to transmit distance education? END
START in what area could business meetings not be used? END
START why did using business meetings to transmit slow-scan video fail? END
START in the 1950's why did the picturephone not become a success? END
START how many telephony networks were there in the world? END
START what year did one the first community service usages of videoconferencing take place? END
START what company helped in the creation of community service videoconferencing? END
START what is the videoconferencing product that both ibm and picturetel worked on? END
START what does diane in project diane stand for? END
START how many years did it take for project diane to grow? END
START where was distance education first used? END
START what was first used  in neighborhood centers? END
START what did a partnership between libraries and science museums promote in 1992? END
START in 1992 what are two places that were part of the picturetel network? END
START what did ibm corporations grow to create over the next 15 years? END
START what enables videoconferencing to connect three or more remote points? END
START what is one type of mcu bridge? END
START in what way can an mcu be characterized? END
START what feature enables an mcu to allow for multiple parties to be seen on screen at the same time? END
START where can an mcu be embedded? END
START what makes videoconferencing between continuous presence possible? END
START what is one thing that characterizes an isdn? END
START what feature lets more than one person participate in sequence? END
START what are remote points made of? END
START what is one type of simultaneous call that acts as a bridge? END
START in what one way can videoconferencing help a person? END
START what technology can be used along with videoconferencing? END
START what is another use of voip? END
START what is telecommuting? END
START what is the percentage of people who use videoconferencing a majority of the time? END
START what can time savings help people do? END
START what are face-to-face business meetings also used for? END
START what did a report based on money savings show? END
START as of june 2010 what  percentage of telecommuters used the technology frequently? END
START what are low-cost meetings also used for? END
START in what decade was internet video-conferencing made possible? END
START in what device was videoconferencing finally able to be used in? END
START in what year was cu-seeme, a desktop-based videoconferencing tool, developed? END
START in what year did the first public video-conference take place? END
START what south african city participated in the first public video-conference? END
START what was developed at cornell by seiji ozawa? END
START when did the cu-seemee take place that linked san francisco and captown? END
START what happened at a technofair in nagano, japan in real time? END
START what became possible that allowed the winter olympics opening ceremony to happen? END
START when did nagano japan take part in the first public video-conference linking two continents? END
START what is the software that performs audio and/or video compression? END
START how high can compression rates go? END
START what is one digital network through which a digital stream can be transmitted? END
START what does pots stand for? END
START what do pots do? END
START what is the core digital network used in a videoconferencing system? END
START what is the low speed application that performs compression? END
START how high can audio modems go? END
START what is transmitted through low speed applications of some kind? END
START what does an isdn convert in the audio spectrum range? END
START what profession utilizes videoconferencing technology to conduct online sessions? END
START what is one way that videocalling can be used? END
START what is a common use of conferencing technology? END
START what is one common use of tele-medical technology? END
START what is one way businesses can conduct online sessions? END
START what can diagnostic services resolve at maintenance facilities? END
START how often is the def video relay service evolving? END
START what services do inmates incarcerated in penitentiaries use? END
START what is one way that videoconferencing is useful? END
START what areas benefit especially from videoconferencing?  END
START in what us state did a rural area use videoconferencing to help reduce the number of transfers of sick infants to hospitals?  END
START how far away was the hospital from this rural area? END
START how much money did videoconferencing help this rural area save? END
START what areas make contacting nurses more streamlined? END
START how much did it cost to contact a doctor in rural ohio? END
START where did a medical center use transmission of medical images to cut costs? END
START how far away was the doctor from the rural area in ohio? END
START what allows medical centers to discuss cases across large distances? END
START in what european country has vrs services become well developed? END
START what is one of the reasons why vrs services are not in most european countries? END
START what european country is a leader in providing vrs services to its citizens? END
START what country is a world leader in providing vrs services? END
START what has become developed in germany since 1997? END
START what has the european union become a world leader in providing? END
START why are vrs services not in the united states? END
START for how long has germany offered vrs services since the 2000's? END
START where has legislation and financing become well developed in europe? END
START what year was the first hd video conferencing system displayed? END
START who produced the first high definition video conferencing system? END
START where was the first hd video conferencing system displayed? END
START what company introduced the first hd video conferencing system to the general market? END
START what was the resolution of the first hd video conferencing system? END
START in 2006, what was produced by lifesize comunications? END
START where was polycom displayed in may 2005? END
START what did lifesize communications introduce in 2006? END
START when did interlop become a popular feature? END
START what did most suppliers in the display resolution market offer in the 2010's? END
START what do systems with no mcu use in order to perform multipoint conferencing? END
START what is one advantage of using an h.323 technique? END
START what is one disadvantage of using the h.323 technique? END
START what is the h.323 technique also known as? END
START why is the video and audio of the h.323 technique higher quality? END
START what is capable of multipoint conferencing without the h.323 technique? END
START what technique is used that transmits to an mcu? END
START what is a main disadvantage of using an mcu technique? END
START what do systems that use an mcu, use for video conferencing? END
START what are the advantages of using ad-hoc multipoint calls? END
START who has the world's largest administrative judicial system? END
START what us department oversees the world's largest administrative judicial system? END
START in what year did the ssa see a 55% increase in videoconferenced hearings? END
START when did the ssa open its largest videoconferencing-only center? END
START where is the ssa's fifth videoconferencing only center located? END
START in 2010 how many hearings did the u.s. ssa conduct? END
START what did the odar do to clear its hearing backlog in august 2010? END
START in what locations has the odar opened nhc's since 2007? END
START by what percentage did the ssa's hearing backlog increase in 2009? END
START what does the nhc oversee under its odar? END
START what does duel dating use to show the date? END
START what is the old style date mean? END
START what is n.s. stand for? END
START what are new style dates? END
START why use two consecutive year dates? END
START what is used with dates to determine whether a date is correct or not? END
START what uses two different dates because of a difference in the ending date of the year? END
START which system indicates that the gregorian year has been adjusted to start on january 1? END
START which system indicates that the date that the julian date has been adjusted for length? END
START who revised the julian calendar? END
START when was the gregorian calendar introduced? END
START what calendar was used in the reform to create the gregorian calendar? END
START what holiday was the inducement to revise the julian calendar? END
START when did the first council of nicaea rule that easter be celebrated by all christians? END
START what was the julian calendar a reform of? END
START what calendar was started in the fifteenth century? END
START which pope started the julian calendar? END
START what holiday led to the revision of the gregorian calendar END
START who suggested that all christians celebrate easter on the same day during the third century? END
START what ruler decreed the change to the gregorian calendar? END
START besides part of italy, over what areas did phillip rule? END
START what was the first day selected to be the first day using the new calendar? END
START what was the last day the julian calendar was used? END
START why did the spanish colonies lag behind in adopting the calendar? END
START what king decreed the change from the gregorian to the julian calendar? END
START who was affected by philip ii's switch to the julian calendar? END
START what changed julian thursday, 4 october 1582 to gregorian friday, 15 october 1582? END
START what calendar was last used on friday, october 15 1582? END
START when did the last country to adopt the gregorian calendar start using it? END
START at what date did the first country start using the new calendar? END
START how which calendar did some countries notate the date? END
START who said that english writers usually used both dates on writings? END
START what difference in dating caused the use of double-dating documents? END
START what happened in the fifteenth century that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars? END
START what happened in the nineteenth century the gregorian calendar that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars? END
START why was it not necessary to use the dual year when giving two dates? END
START why did the year sometimes have to be double dated after 1582? END
START what did john dee note? END
START what was the percentsge of correction from the julian calendar to the new gregorian calendar? END
START what was the correction due to? END
START what change in date motivated the change in calendars? END
START to what astrological date was easter tied? END
START what was wrong in the julian calendar? END
START what percentage did the julian calendar fixed the gregorian calendar? END
START what was too short in the julian calendar? END
START what did the spring equinox motivate the church to change? END
START what did the protestant church considered to be undesirable? END
START what was first adopted by eastern orthodox countries END
START what kind of calendar is the gregorian calendar? END
START how many days are in the gregorian calendar? END
START how often is a leap day added to the julian calendar year? END
START when does the gregorian calendar omit 3 leap days? END
START on what day did both the julian and gregorian calendars add leap day? END
START what calendar is a lunar calendar? END
START when does the julian calendar omit three leap days? END
START which church still host festivals on the twenty-third in leap years? END
START what did julian reform not change about leap year? END
START when was easter sunday celebrated after the equinox? END
START what did churches do to settle the date if there was a difference?  END
START by what century had almost all churches begun celebrating easter according to the alexandrian easter? END
START on what border of the byzantine empire were the last holdouts for celebrating according the  alexandrian easter? END
START what date placement drifted increasingly off the true date on the calendar? END
START what was celebrated on the fifteenth day after the equinox? END
START in what century did all the churches adopt the alexandrian easter? END
START who noticed the equinox drift in the seventh century? END
START what did the alexandrian easter place on 25 march? END
START what did lilius first propose to correct in the calendar? END
START by how much is the julian calendar too long? END
START how much difference does the extra 11 minutes make over 400 years time? END
START on what date was the original vernal equinox set? END
START by the time of lilius where was the equinox falling? END
START who proposed lengthening the year? END
START which year was eleven minutes too short? END
START what causes an extra three days every 400 years in the gregorian calendar? END
START what was originally set as march 25? END
START what did gregory propose deleting to correct the ten day drift? END
START on what date did most european countries set the start of the new year? END
START when did scotland begin to use january 1 as the start of the new year? END
START when did the other british states and colonies set the year start date to january 1? END
START what act did britain use to implement the use of the gregorian calendar? END
START when did england finally change the tax year to 6 april? END
START what do most european countries do after they adopted the gregorian calendar? END
START what country changed the new year to january 1 during the sixteenth century END
START who changed the start of the new year to january 1 during the seventeenth century? END
START what was the name of the act that changed the start of the year and a seventeenth century? END
START what remained on march 25 in scotland? END
START attempting to use gregorian dates for earlier events  on the julian calendar should be used with what action? END
START when are events usually shown as they appeared on the julian calendar? END
START when was the battle of agincourt? END
START what other date is 25 october known for, that keeps the battle of agincourt on 25 october,1415? END
START in the julian calendar when is the start of the new year? END
START what can you extend backwards to create an accurate calendar? END
START what events are shown as they appeared on the julian calendar with the year starting as it did when they occurred? END
START what is the disputed date for st. crispin's day? END
START what started in january julian calendar? END
START why would a knuckle -space count be used to determine months? END
START a knuckle count is a month of how many days? END
START the space between knuckles is what kind of month? END
START what are held together for a knuckle-space month count? END
START what method for determining months is dependent on language? END
START what junction is counted for february? END
START how many parts did the gregorian calendar reform have? END
START what was the first reform concerning the calendar? END
START what was the second reform of the calendar? END
START what was calculated using the lunar calendar? END
START what did lilius's calendar plan to reduce in every 400 years? END
START how many parts did the gregorian reform have? END
START what calendar was changed by the julia reform? END
START what reform change the lunar cycle used by pagans? END
START who oppose the proposal for the reform? END
START whose reform included increasing the number of leap years and for centuries? END
START what calendar did turkey use before 1917 for general purposes? END
START what calendar did turkey utilize for fiscal purposes? END
START where did turkey start the fiscal year? END
START when did turkey begin to use the gregorian calendar for fiscal means? END
START when did turkey start using the gregorian calendar for all purposes? END
START who use the lunar islamic calendar until the nineteenth century? END
START who use the hegira era is a fiscal calendar? END
START what was used to set the year number? END
START what was needed because the lunar year is longer than the solar year? END
START what did turkey start using for all purposes on march 1, 1917? END
START how many days do you subtract to convert days from a calendar? END
START what does one need to remember about  the date of february 29 in the julian calendar? END
START if you need a date of four days less, what do you subtract from the julian calendar? END
START how many days you add to convert days from a calendar? END
START what is discounted when converting from gregorian to julian? END
START what you add to move from the julian calendar to the gregorian calendar? END
START what is the difference in time between the calendars? END
START with what other difference did the gregorian calendar concern itself? END
START when was the vernal equinox at the end of the third century? END
START in order to account for the full moon coming after the equinox, when was the equinox set? END
START how did the gregorian calendar set these same of the full moon not preceding easterconditions? END
START what changed the length of the calendar year from 365.2425 days to 365.25 days? END
START what was reduced by forty-eight minutes and ten seconds? END
START what was devised during the 300s END
START what was not to follow the equinox? END
START what was march 22 the latest date for? END
START when did the council of trent agree to the corrected calendar? END
START to what time did the council require the date of the vernal equinox to be set? END
START what did mathematicians of the time want to use to set the date of easter? END
START what method was used instead of computations of the sun and moon? END
START whose modified proposal was adopted? END
START what plan to the council of trent approve in the fifteenth century? END
START what did the first council of nicaea require to be restored to the one set in 325? END
START what did the first council of nicaea require alterations for? END
START what was sent to mathematicians in the fifteenth century? END
START what was adopted from the proposal of moleto END
START when were the rights to publish the calendar granted? END
START who awarded the rights to publish the calendar? END
START what problem caused the papal brief granting the right to publish to be withdrawn? END
START when were the rights to print the calendar withdrawn? END
START where were the first calendars printed? END
START who decreed the reform during the fifteenth century? END
START what was luigi lilio given exclusive rights to? END
START why was a new brief granted in september 2015 eighty-two?september END
START what year did the roman republic use for dates? END
START what event started the consular year? END
START what was the date of the consular year before 222 bc? END
START what was the date of the start of the consular year from 222 bc? END
START when did rome begin to use the julian calendar? END
START what was used as the year in the early roman church? END
START what calendar came into use in 153 bc? END
START during what period did a year used for dates not change? END
START what was marked by the date the emperor took office? END
START what other system of calculations are inherent in the gregorian calendar? END
START why is calculating the days of the gregorian calendar not simple? END
START after each country adopted the calendar how did the weekly cycle continue? END
START what was the date of adoption for the calendar? END
START what was the previous day's date by the julian calendar? END
START what is simple to do using the gregorian system? END
START what makes calgary the days of the week symbol in the gregorian system? END
START what was interrupted when the gregorian calendar was adopted in each country? END
START what ended on friday, october 5 1582? END
START who thought that the seasonal drift in the date of easter unacceptable? END
START what even is tired to the date for easter? END
START what did the church of alexandria use to calculate the date of easter? END
START where did the church of alexandria place the vernal equinox? END
START until 342 when did the church of rome think the vernal equinox fell? END
START who found the drifting and the date of the spring equinox unacceptable? END
START what did the church of rome use the metonic cycle to determine? END
START what did the church of alexandria place on march 25? END
START what did the church of rome place on 21 march END
START who was the architect of the gregorian calendar? END
START what did the architects of the calendar notice about the astronomical tables? END
START whose solution to the discrepancies of the tables would have been agreeable to astronomers? END
START when did pitatus offer his solution to the leap year problem? END
START what is the theory about leap year called? END
START what provided the sons mean latitude? END
START who noticed that the tables agreed on the time the sun passed the vernal equinox? END
START who suggested ninety-seven leap years in 400 years during the fifteenth century END
START who solution to discrepancies in the tables was not agreeable to astronomers? END
START what calendar did pitatus create? END
START what designation was added to british dates to differentiate them from countries not using the new calendar?  END
START when was the calendar act enacted? END
START with what did the calendar act align the british calendar? END
START what did the use of old style and new style cause? END
START what law did the british make to cause the use of the gregorian calendar? END
START why are old-style new style not using the british empire? END
START what did the calendar after 1752 to clarify the meaning of old-style new style? END
START what did the calendar act aligned with the british calendar? END
START what this os indicate january 1 is? END
START the gregorian calendar is an improvement over what other calendar? END
START how many days must be skipped to align the calendar with mean solar days in a year? END
START what is the approximate error for every 3,300 years? END
START what is the error rate of the vernal equinox per every 7,700 years? END
START what was the error rate in the julian calendar? END
START how does julian calendar improve the approximations made by the gregorian calendar? END
START how many years does it take for the julian approximation to have an error of one day? END
START in the julia system what is the error rate for the vernal equinox first 7700 years? END
START the julian system skips three leap days and how many years? END
