START what year was kanye born? END
START what kind of music does kanye west perform? END
START what is kanye west's middle name? END
START when is kanye west's birthday? END
START what was the first label that kanye produced for? END
START who are some well known artists that kanye produced for early in his career? END
START how many albums has kanye released since starting his solo career in 2004? END
START with which artists that kanye formerly produced for did he go on to collaborate with? END
START where did kanye west live as a child? END
START what was kanye west's first job title after art school? END
START what year did kanye west release his first rap cd? END
START how many total cds has kanye west released in his career so far? END
START how many albums has kanye sold? END
START how many downloads do kanye's tracks have across the globe? END
START kanye is known for having the most of what type of award for his age? END
START how many albums does kanye have on the "500 greatest albums of all time" list? END
START what popular magazine placed kanye on their annual list in 2005 and 2015? END
START how many cds has kanye west sold? END
START how many grammy awards has kanye west won? END
START how many of kanye west's albums were recognized by rolling stone magazine? END
START which years was kanye west mentioned in time magazine? END
START what subject did kanye's mother teach at her university? END
START what georgia city was kanye west born? END
START what was the name of the business that kanye west helped fund in 2006? END
START where did kanye west's mother work before becoming his manager? END
START what was the name of kanye west's high school? END
START where did kanye and his mother relocate when he was 10? END
START while staying in china, kanye was the only what in his class? END
START how well did kanye do in high school? END
START at what age did kanye west relocate to china? END
START what university was the cause of west's mother moving the family to china? END
START what was kanye creating when he was five? END
START what was one of the first tracks written by kanye when he was 13? END
START who did kanye meet early in his career who later mentored him? END
START what activity did kanye west start doing when he was five? END
START what was the name of the song he wrote at age thirteen? END
START what was the name of the producer that helped kanye west? END
START where did kanye receive a scholarship to attend? END
START how old was kanye when he dropped out of college? END
START what school did kanye west go to in 1997? END
START what subject was kanye west's focus at chicago state university? END
START at what age did kanye west leave school to follow his musical passion? END
START what was the name of the cd that kanye recorded based on his failed college experience? END
START who were the beats kanye made in the 90's originally intended for? END
START what types of records did kanye sample in his early career. END
START what music group did kanye join when he couldn't release his solo album? END
START in what time period did kanye begin producing? END
START when did kanye west start his production career? END
START for which artist did kanye west act as a ghost producer?  END
START what late 1990s chicago rap group was kanye west a member of? END
START what firm managed kanye west's rap group?  END
START what year was the first go-getters album released?  END
START kanye produced the third song from the second album of what artist? END
START what rappers were featured in the songs that kanye produced for tell 'em why u madd? END
START which u.s. billboard 200 chart topper did kanye west produce a song for? END
START what was the name of the cd produced by kanye that was by a made-up character? END
START what label did kanye begin to work for in 2000? END
START what album did kanye receive production credits on in 2001? END
START in what year did roc-a-fella make kanye west known? END
START what was the name of the cd west produced for jay z in 2001? END
START although kanye was achieving fame by producing, what did he actually want to be? END
START what label declined to work with kanye after many meetings? END
START what career was kanye's ultimate dream? END
START what did kanye west not have that made record companies turn him down? END
START which record company turned kanye down after many meetings? END
START who almost picked up kanye but was ultimately swayed? END
START what label finally (although reluctantly) picked up kanye? END
START what did kanye's peers see him as while he tried to pursue his rap career? END
START what man was almost ready to give kanye a record deal? END
START what record company eventually signed kanye west? END
START what track did kanye compose and perform while injured from his accident? END
START what was the name of kanye's 2002 mixtape that he wrote while in the hospital? END
START after dropping his mixtape, kanye revealed the name of his debut album to be what? END
START what was the date of kanye's car wreck? END
START what song did kanye record about his experience with what happened after the wreck? END
START what was the name of the mixtape kanye released in december of 2002? END
START what happened to kanye's debut album that caused him to remaster most of it? END
START how many times was the release date for kanye's first album pushed back? END
START in what city did west finish recording his first album? END
START how many times was the college dropout's release put off? END
START what was supposed to be the original release date for the college dropout? END
START what place on the billboard chart did kanye's album debut at? END
START how many publications voted the college dropout for album of the year? END
START what was the name of the single off the debut album that gave kanye mainstream attention? END
START what label did kanye create following the success of his first album's release? END
START when was the college dropout finally released? END
START what song was the second released off of kanye's the college dropout album? END
START how many grammy nominations did the college dropout receive? END
START what was the name of the record label that west founded? END
START what kind of ensemble did kanye hire to work on his second album? END
START what composer worked alongside kanye on the album's production? END
START what was the name of kanye's second studio album? END
START how many copies of late registration sold in its first year? END
START what english music group was an inspiration for kanye west on his second album? END
START what was the name of west's second album? END
START how many copies of late registration were sold in the united states? END
START the loss of which award caused kanye to leave the american music awards? END
START kanye participated alongside mike meyers in a relief benefit show for what natural disaster? END
START what magazine did kanye don a thorn crown for the cover of in 2006? END
START in which ama category did kanye lose in 2004? END
START which actor was alongside kanye west when he insulted president bush? END
START what magazine did kanye west pose for in 2006 that caused another controversy? END
START what broadcast for nbc was kanye presenting for when he spoke negatively about president bush? END
START what band did kanye tour with for a year? END
START what setting did kanye want his next tracks to perform well in? END
START who did kanye study in order to develop his lyrical skills? END
START which band did kanye west travel with for the vertigo tour? END
START what decade of music inspired kanye west after his tour with u2? END
START other than u2 and led zeppelin, what other band inspired kanye west? END
START what other country singer besides johnny cash did kanye listen to? END
START what was the name of kanye's third album? END
START kanye released graduation at the same time of what other famous rapper, thus drawing media comparison? END
START how many copies did graduation sell in its first week of release?  END
START what famous electronic duo did kanye sample on his third album? END
START what was the name of kanye west's third cd? END
START what artist was kanye's third album release competing against? END
START what music group was in kanye's first release off of graduation? END
START following the loss of his mother, who did kanye end his long-term relationship with? END
START what vocal technology did kanye pick up for his next set of artistic endeavors? END
START in what year did kanye west's mother pass away? END
START what was the name of kanye's ex-fiance? END
START what was the name of kanye's 2008 music tour? END
START in what state did kanye west record them majority of his fourth album? END
START what was the first song released off of kanye's fourth album? END
START what label pushed out kanye's fourth studio album? END
START which album by kanye west featured the song "love lockdown"? END
START 808s & heartbreak was released by what company?  END
START when was 808s & heartbreaks released?  END
START what was the second song released off of 808s?  END
START the major usage of musical machine on 808s was described as eponymous? END
START what journalist gave "808s and hearbreak" critical acclimation 4 years after its release? END
START what was the name of the journalist that wrote about kanye's album in 2012? END
START where did kanye's famous mic-grab incident occur at? END
START from who did kanye grab the mic from to make his statement? END
START kanye's tour with what artist was cancelled following his outburst at the vma's? END
START in what year did kanye's biggest controversy so far take place? END
START what artist did kanye west interrupt taylor swift to defend? END
START which artist was kanye supposed to tour with, but couldn't due to the taylor swift controversy? END
START what awards ceremony did kanye not receive any nominations for after the mtv controversy? END
START where did kanye base himself to create his next album? END
START what industry did kanye turn to after taking a break from recording music? END
START what state did kanye west hide in while writing his next album? END
START what is the name of kanye's album released in 2010? END
START what award was my beautiful dark twisted fantasy omitted from? END
START what was the name of kanye's fifth album? END
START when was kanye west's fifth album debuted?  END
START what song off of kanye's fifth album was a hit internationally? END
START what was the name of the free music promotion on kanye's website in 2010? END
START what festival did kanye headline in 2011? END
START with what other hiphop artist did kanye collaborate with? END
START where did kanye premier a film directed by himself in 2012? END
START what event did kanye headline in 2011? END
START what was the name of the joint album kanye made with jay z? END
START what was the top single off the album "watch the throne"? END
START in what year was "cruel summer" released? END
START what film festival did kanye west premier a film called "cruel summer"? END
START where did kanye begin production on his sixth album? END
START what became the name of his sixth studio album? END
START who did kanye tour alongside of in order to promote the efforts of yeezus? END
START in what year did kanye west begin working on his sixth album? END
START what was the inspiration behind kanye west's decision to call rick rubin? END
START what was the name of kanye's sixth album? END
START on what date was yeezus released? END
START what artist did kanye go on tour with while promoting album number six? END
START what was the name of kanye's first child with kim kardashian? END
START what brand set to collaborate on an apparel line with kanye? END
START what famous british artist worked with kanye on multiple singles? END
START where did kanye perform his single "all day" with a menagerie of other artists? END
START who is the mother of kanye's first child? END
START what is kanye west's first child's name? END
START in what italian city were kim kardashian and kanye west wed? END
START what musician joined kanye west on the song "only one"? END
START what was the name of the adidas clothing line by kanye west that he released in 2013? END
START what did kanye change the title of his next planned album from so help me god to? END
START from which institution did kanye receive an honorary doctorate? END
START how many people signed a petition to keep kanye from performing at glastonbury festival? END
START what was the original name of kanye's album "swish"? END
START what school awarded kanye west an honorary doctorate? END
START how many people petitioned his show at the glastonbury music festival in the uk? END
START what was the tentative release date announced for kanye's next studio album? END
START what was kanye's next album renamed again to? END
START with what other rapper did kanye west have a twitter feud with in early 2016? END
START what became the final title of kanye's next album? END
START what platform was the life of pablo officially released on? END
START what song  by west was debuted in december 2015? END
START on january 26, 2016, kanye told the world he changed the name of his next album from swish to what? END
START what artist did kanye west have a feud with over amber rose? END
START what was the name of kanye's clothing line premiered at madison square garden? END
START what english musician did kanye cite as one of his biggest inspirations? END
START kanye has stated that members from which rap group influenced his early style? END
START what name did kanye's early production style coin. END
START what artist was named by kanye west to be his "most important inspiration"? END
START who was kanye's greatest cultural figure? END
START what was the name of the song that first featured kanye's "chipmunk soul" style? END
START what composer did kanye collaborate with for his second record? END
START what classical elements did brion bring to the production of kanye's album? END
START what sort of orchestra did kanye tour with while promoting his second album? END
START what composer did kanye west work with for his second album? END
START what english trip-hop group helped influence kanye on his second album? END
START what was the name of kanye's third record? END
START what musical direction did kanye take with his third album? END
START kanye drew inspiration from the rolling stones, u2, and led zeppelin in what ways? END
START what year was kanye west's third album released? END
START what kind of sound did kanye abandon a rap and hiphop one for with his fourth album? END
START who did kanye become inspired by while creating 808s & heartbreak? END
START what types of instruments are present on his fourth album? END
START what other artist besides gary numan and tj swan helped inspire kanye's fourth album? END
START what other type of 1980s group was kanye's fourth album compared to other than new wave? END
START the article about kanye's fourth album written by matthew trammell was published in what magazine? END
START what is kanye's fifth album titled?  END
START what journalist drew comparisons between my beautiful dark twisted fantasy and other kanye albums? END
START what musician collaborated with kanye west for his album late registration? END
START what artist worked with kanye on his album graduation? END
START kid cudi joined kanye for which album? END
START which album by kanye west has been talked about by writers for having maximalist aesthetic? END
START what did kanye state that yeezus was? END
START what artist did kanye draw inspiration from when crafting yeezus? END
START in what year was kanye west's sixth album released? END
START what was the title of kanye's sixth album? END
START what did kanye announce he would release after acquiring a grammy in 2005? END
START what finally become of kanye's clothing line in 2009? END
START when did kanye west annouce his pastelle clothing line? END
START what year was kanye's pastelle clothing line scrapped? END
START what company worked with kanye in 2009 to create his own shoe line? END
START for what brand did kanye design a shoe meant for paris fashion week? END
START form whom was kanye's 2011 fashion label designed for? END
START what kind of reviews did kanye's fashion line spark? END
START when did kanye debut his second effort in the fashion world? END
START on what day was kanye's women's clothing line debuted? END
START what was the name of kanye west's women's clothing line? END
START on what day was kanye's women's line premiered at paris fashion week?  END
START what was the name of west's fashion line for women? END
START the fashion line shown in paris received what sort of reviews? END
START on what day did west release his second fashion line? END
START what brand struck a deal with kanye and sparked a new clothing line? END
START how many "seasons" of clothing did kanye release? END
START what were the shoes designed by kanye and released by adidas called? END
START how many pairs of shoes were sold in the initial release in new york city? END
START what shoe was announced on twitter by kanye west? END
START in what year did kanye premier his season line? END
START what album release coincided with kanye's yeezy season 3 clothing line? END
START what restaurant chain did kanye aspire to open in his native chicago? END
START how many restaurants did kanye open? END
START what happened to the fatburger chains that kanye established? END
START what was the name of the restaurant kanye annouced he was opening? END
START how many  of kanye's fatburger restaurants were actually opened? END
START when was kanye's last fatburger restaurant closed? END
START what is the name of kanye west's food company? END
START what did kanye call the label he founded in 2004? END
START as of 2015, who did kanye choose as the new president of good music? END
START what year did kanye west open his good music production company and record label? END
START what other artist besides kanye west and common was among the first to record at good music? END
START who did kanye name president of good music in 2015? END
START what was the goal of kanye's new creative company donda? END
START kanye's creative content company donda was named after who? END
START on what date did kanye go public with his donda company? END
START what platform was kanye named  a co-owner of in 2015? END
START what longtime friend of kanye acquired tidal in 2015? END
START what criticisms of other streaming platforms does tidal stand to challenge? END
START what music streaming service is kanye west a co-owner of? END
START what is tidal's specialization? END
START which famous rapper bought aspiro? END
START what music service is a huge competitor for tidal? END
START with the help of his mom, what foundation did kanye create early in his career? END
START what is the goal of the kanye west foundation? END
START what was founded by kanye west and his mother? END
START in what year did the kanye west foundation partner with strong american schools?  END
START where was the "kanye west foundation" founded? END
START what other mission besides dropout and illiteracy rates did the kanye west foundation seek to improve? END
START what campaign did the kanye west foundation partner with in 2007? END
START in what month was the inaugural concert held for the "ed in '08" campaign? END
START what was the kanye west foundation renamed to in 2008? END
START what year did the foundation end its run? END
START in what year did kanye west's mother pass away?  END
START kanye's foundation was changed to what name following his mother's death?  END
START what year did the foundation stop operating?  END
START what are some charitable efforts kanye west has participated in? END
START during what show did kanye take an opportunity to criticize the efforts of a u.s. president? END
START which u.s. president did kanye criticize after the events of hurricane katrina?  END
START which president did kanye west accuse of "not caring for black people"? END
START on what day did the kanye's famous george w. bush criticism take place? END
START what happened after kanye made his controversial statement? END
START who did kanye west say doesn't care about black people? END
START how did george w. bush describe kanye's controversial statement? END
START to which reporter did kanye west express regret for his remark about president bush? END
START kanye was criticized by human rights groups for performing in what country? END
START how much was kanye paid to perform in kazakhstan? END
START how is kazakhstan's human rights record compared to the rest of the world? END
START what country's president paid kanye west to perform at his grandson's wedding? END
START kanye, shakira, and rage against the machine refused to perform in what state due to a new law against illegal aliens? END
START for what reason did sting and other artists cancel their scheduled performances in kazakhstan?  END
START what tv show lampooned one of kanye's bbc radio 1 interviews? END
START what did kanye demand from jimmy kimmel in regards to the sketch? END
START what person was kanye's rant on twitter directed at? END
START the skit on jimmy kimmel live! was a depiction of kanye west and what reporter? END
START on what radio station did kanye west deem himself "the biggest rockstar on the planet"? END
START what president did kanye comment on as having trouble pushing policies while in office? END
START what type of people did kanye state had more power than black people? END
START on what day did kanye do an interview about president obama pushing policies in washington? END
START on what day did kanye take back his original comment about jews? END
START what celebrity knee-deep in controversy did kanye endorse in a 2016 tweet? END
START what actor was kanye defending on twitter in february 2016? END
START to who did kanye lose the best new artist award in 2004? END
START the video for what song failed to win an award for again in 2006, leading to an onstage outburst by kanye? END
START what artist did kanye west lose "best new artist" to at the 2004 amas? END
START which kanye west video failed to win best video at the mtv europe music awards? END
START on what day did kanye apologize for his ranting at the mtv europe awards? END
START what show did kanye perform a spoof about the incident at the mtv europe awards? END
START what did kanye believe was a contributing factor in him not opening for the 2007 mtv vmas? END
START with what song did kanye aspire to open the vmas with? END
START what factor did kanye west accuse of being the reason for his being excluded for the opening of the 2007 vmas? END
START what song was kanye's dream to perform on the vmas? END
START what artist's award reception did kanye interrupt onstage at the 2009 mtv vmas? END
START which u.s. president criticized kanye for his vma outburst? END
START which president called kanye west a jackass for his behavior at the 2009 vmas? END
START to which artist did kanye profusely apologize to? END
START what song did kanye end up writing that referenced his outburst against taylor swift? END
START when did kanye west post to twitter apoloizing to taylor swift? END
START when did kanye take back his apology to taylor swift, saying that he was being "selfless"? END
START what album by kanye was released in 2016? END
START which artist's award reception did kanye interrupt at the 57th grammy awards? END
START to who did kanye state that beck should hand his award over to? END
START what artist's acceptance speech did kanye interrupt by walking on stage at the 57th grammys? END
START what day did kanye apologize to beck on twitter? END
START what award did kanye capture at the 2015 mtv vmas? END
START when does kanye intend to run for president? END
START what award was presented to kanye west on august 30, 2015? END
START for what event was the largest amount of signatures collected in an attempt to keep kanye from performing at it? END
START what was another event that garnered a large amount of protest for kanye's removal of headliner status? END
START what website have music fans been using to try to block kanye west's performance at different events? END
START what festival was the largest failed petition to keep kanye from performing? END
START how many signatures were gathered for kanye's removal from the 2015 pan american games? END
START kanye's first engagement was to which well-known designer? END
START what model did kanye begin to date in 2008? END
START who has kanye finally settled with an married in 2014? END
START how many children does kanye have with kim? END
START what year did kanye west begin his relationship with alexis phifer? END
START when did alexis phifer and kanye west get engaged? END
START who did kanye date from 2008 to 2010? END
START when did kanye west start dating kim kardashian? END
START where in jerusalem did kardashian and west have their daughter north baptised? END
START how old was kanye's mother when she died? END
START what doctor did donda west ignore the recommendation of to invest her heart condition? END
START at approximately what time did paramedics receive the call about kanye west's mother, donda? END
START what condition along with complications for the plastic surgery caused the death of donda west? END
START what doctor originally turned donda west down for her plastic surgery operation? END
START what was the name of the doctor who performed the surgery that ended up killing donda west? END
START what talk show did the doctor who performed donda west's plastic surgery appear on? END
START what was the final cause of donda's death determined by the coroner? END
START what was the name of the west's family's attorney during the incident surrounding the death of donda west? END
START what reasons did west's family give for filing complaints against adams and aboolian? END
START on what show did adams appear to "defend himself"? END
START on what day did the final coroner's report show that donda died from heart disease and complications from surgery? END
START where was donda west's funeral? END
START what songs did kanye dedicate to his late mother as his performance at the o2 in london? END
START in what city was the funeral and burial for donda west held? END
START on what day was the funeral of donda west? END
START what day was kanye's first concert after the death of his mother? END
START on what tour did kanye perform "hey mama" and his version of journey's "don't stop believing" in memory of his mother? END
START where did kanye first speak on his mother's death? END
START where did kanye west first speak about his mother's death? END
START what famous governor signed legislation in honor of donda west's death? END
START what governor passed a law in honor of donda west? END
START what was the name of the law passed by arnold schwarzenegger? END
START what famous stuntman sued kanye for purported use of his likeness in 2006? END
START when was the suit settled? END
START which celebrity sued west in 2006 for trademark infrigement? END
START what was the name of the nickname kanye west took on in his video "touch the sky"? END
START when did knievel settle the argument with west? END
START what was kanye arrested for in 2008? END
START how much was kanye's bail bond? END
START what was kanye finally charged with? END
START on what day was kanye west arrested at the los angeles international airport? END
START what were the charges filed against kanye west? END
START what was the name of the bodyguard also accused of vandalism? END
START what was the dollar amount of kanye's bond? END
START what was kanye second arrest for? END
START what was the date of kanye's second arrest? END
START where was kanye arrested at for the second time? END
START at what location did the incident leading to west's second arrest take place? END
START what paparazzi member did kanye attack at lax in 2013? END
START what was kanye convicted for after his paparazzi attack? END
START what was the name of the man who was hassling west outside of lax that west later attacked? END
START how many years' probation was kanye supposed to serve for this altercation? END
START he had to attend 24 sessions of what kind of therapy? END
START how many hours of community service did kanye receive? END
START what are kanye's religious beliefs? END
START "jesus walks" was on which of kanye's albums? END
START september of 2014, kanye called himself a what during one of his concerts? END
START how is kanye viewed as a 21st century artist? END
START what famous english artist was kanye compared to by the guardian? END
START what reporter compared kanye west to a lightning rod? END
START who said kanye west was the greatest hip hop artist of all time? END
START what magazine compared kanye to david bowie? END
START what overabundance of themes did kanye criticize early in his career? END
START the shift away from what genre of rap is kanye credited for? END
START what kind of background did kanye west grow up in? END
START who did kanye west have a sales competition with during his album release of graduation? END
START who said that kanye west effectively led a new wave of artists that weren't only interested in rapping about gunplay or drug dealing? END
START a number of artists have cited kanye as being what to them? END
START who complimented west in time magazine? END
START how many songs has kanye had that have exceeded 3 million digital sales? END
START how many songs has kanye sold digitally in his career? END
START how many of west's six albums have gone platinum? END
START what was kanye's fifth consecutive number one album? END
START as of 2012, how many downloads have there been of "golddigger"? END
START what rank is west in total sales for the last decade? END
START how many total digital songs has kanye west sold in the us? END
START how many grammies has kanye won as of 2013? END
START with which artist does kanye tie with for reaching the top of the annual pazz & jop critic poll? END
START how many times has kanye placed in the annual time magazine people list? END
START in 2013, west had won how many total grammy awards? END
START what rank did about.com give kanye "top 50 hip-hop producers" list? END
START on what day did mtv name kanye as the year's number 1 "hottest mc in the game."? END
START december 17, 2010 was the day kanye was nominated by mtv for what? END
START what musician did west tie with for topping the annual pazz & jop critic poll 4 times each? END
START how many of kanye's albums placed on the 2012 rolling stone list? END
START how many of west's albums were included on rolling stone's 500 greatest albums of all time list? END
START which one of kanye's albums won the pitchfork's album of the decade (so far) award? END
START what place did yeezus secure on the list of 100 albums? END
START what online music publication ranked kanye's album "my beautiful dark twisted fantasy" as the world's best album so far? END
START what album was ranked 8 on a list of 100 albums? END
START what song was ranked third in a list of 200 "best tracks" since 2010? END
START what president did kanye west insult on air in 2005? END
START whose speech did kanye west ruin at the 2009 mtv awards? END
START what fashion items does kanye west design? END
START what company did kanye west begin? END
START what year did kanye west begin working with adidas? END
START what type of religion is buddhism? END
START what are the practices of buddhism based on? END
START where did the buddha live? END
START how do buddhists believe their suffering can be ended? END
START what did the buddha teach should be given up to end suffering? END
START what type of religion is buddhism? END
START who's teaching is buddhism based upon? END
START when was buddha alive? END
START where did buddha reside when he was alive? END
START who's teachings is buddhism based upon? END
START where was buddha thought to live? END
START when approximately was buddha alive? END
START buddhism is based on the teaching of who? END
START how many noble truths are there? END
START buddha was part of what subcontinent? END
START who is "the awakened one" END
START what are the two major branches of buddhism? END
START what is sometimes viewed as the third branch of buddhism? END
START where does theravada have the largest following? END
START mahayana includes which practices of buddhism? END
START what is the estimated number of buddhists in the world? END
START which branch practices the teachings of zen? END
START what minor branch is sometimes attributed to mahayana? END
START what kind of teachings does tibetan buddhism preserve? END
START vajrayana is attributed to who? END
START theravada means what? END
START what is the goal of theravada buddhism? END
START how is nirvana achieved? END
START what is the bodhisattva path? END
START what is the goal of tibetan buddhism? END
START how is nirvana attained? END
START in what buddhism is the goal a state of nirvana? END
START what buddhism has a goal of buddhahood or rainbow body? END
START the noble eightfold path is also known as what? END
START mahayana aspires to buddhahood through what path? END
START theravada escapes what cycle? END
START what are the three jewels of the buddhist tradition? END
START what is one of the ten meritorious deeds of buddhism? END
START what other practices do buddhists adhere to? END
START what is one of the ten meritorious deeds? END
START buddhism denies what kind of deity? END
START of the ten meritorious deeds, giving charity reduces what? END
START invocation of buddhas and bodhisattvas is in what tradition? END
START the nidānakathā of the jataka tales of the theravada is attributed to who? END
START what are some other biographies that differ from the jataka tales? END
START what do scholars recognize about the life of the buddha? END
START when was the buddhagohosa written? END
START what is one of the earlier biographies on buddhism? END
START who founded a monastic order in his life? END
START scholars do not make claims without evidence about who's life? END
START most accept that buddha lived and taught in what type of order? END
START the jataka tales of the theravada happened in what century? END
START who said "the outline of the life must be true: birth, maturity, renunciation, search, awakening and liberation, teaching, death."? END
START what are some of the outlines of life? END
START who wrote a biography of buddha? END
START what do some say is buddha's real name? END
START what are the helpers called that helped buddha? END
START who believes "the outline of the life must be true" in reference to buddha? END
START karen armstrong wrote a biography on who? END
START karen armstrong has said that we can be confident who existed? END
START according to early texts, when was siddhārtha gautama born? END
START according to early texts, where was siddhārtha gautama born? END
START what type of community was siddhārtha gautama raised in? END
START where was siddhārtha gautama born? END
START when did siddhārtha gautama live? END
START what size was siddhārtha gautama's birthplace? END
START where did we find proof of his existence? END
START what was most likely siddhārtha gautama's father? END
START who was born in a northeastern part of india/ END
START if siddhartha lived in a small republic, his father would have been a what? END
START what was the name of the astrologer who visited prince gautama's father? END
START what was the prediction made by asita? END
START according to asita, how would siddhartha decide which path to take in life? END
START what was the occupation of the person who visited gautama? END
START what was the name of his father? END
START what was buddha predicted to become contrary with his life as we know it? END
START what was the name of the astrologer that visited gautama's father? END
START what is gautama's fathers name? END
START asita prophesied that siddhartha would be a kind or a what? END
START what did śuddhodana do to ensure that his son became a king instead of a holy man? END
START how old was gautama when he first left the palace grounds? END
START what happened when gautama left the palace grounds? END
START what are the four sights in buddhism? END
START what did buddha's father want him to become? END
START by what age was he venturing outside? END
START what were his first four encounters called? END
START what did gautama do after learning about the outside world? END
START suddhodana wanted his son to become what? END
START at what age did gautama venture out from the palace area? END
START how many "sights" did gautama have that are well known? END
START gautama encountered an old man, a sick man, a holy man, and a what? END
START what was the first thing gautama did on his spiritual quest? END
START what is the path of moderation between the extremes of self-indulgence and self-mortification called? END
START what are some of the practices gautama underwent on his quest? END
START what was the first skill gautama learnt? END
START what almost killed gautama in his pursuit? END
START what did he receive from the locals that changed his approach? END
START what is the path of moderation called he followed? END
START gautama didn't like the religious teaching he initially found because of why? END
START what did gautama accept from a village girl? END
START gautama devoted himself to what type of meditation? END
START buddhists call anapanasati what? END
START how old was gautama when he sat under the bodhi tree? END
START what kind of tree was the bodhi tree? END
START what did gautama spend the rest of his life doing after reaching enlightenment? END
START how old was the buddha at the time of his death? END
START what is the south branch of the tree gautama sat under called? END
START what was the tree called he sat under? END
START what was the tree renamed that gautama achieved enlightenment under? END
START at what age did gautama come to pass? END
START when he was 35 gautama sat in meditation under what tree? END
START what type of tree was the bodhi tree? END
START what town was the bodhi tree in? END
START the south branch of the original fig tree is known as? END
START what is samsara? END
START what is avidya? END
START what is dukkha? END
START is liberation from samsara possible? END
START the cycle of birth and death is called what in buddhism? END
START how many realms of existence are there in buddhism? END
START avidya is what kind of samsara? END
START how can you be freed from samsara? END
START what is samsara defined as? END
START how many realms of existance are within the cycle of rebirths? END
START realms can be understood as physical realms of what type of states? END
START samsara is caused by what? END
START a person can get away from samsara by doing what? END
START what does the sanskrit term karma translate as? END
START what is karma according to buddhism? END
START what is theavoidance of unwholesome actions and the cultivation of positive actions called? END
START what actions does karma refer to in buddhism? END
START what is the definition of karma from sanskrit? END
START what is the avoidance of bad acts called? END
START karma's actions come from what? END
START what is the result of karma called? END
START what is karma? END
START avoidance of unwholesome actions and use of positive actions is called what? END
START what does vipaka mean? END
START in which branch of buddhism is it believed that there can be no divine salvation or forgiveness for karma? END
START in mahayana buddhism, what are some mahayana sutras that are believed to remove negative karma just by the hearing of the texts? END
START the reciting of mantras as a means for removing past negative karma is a part of which branch of buddhism? END
START according to genshin, who has the power to destroy karma? END
START what buddhism says that salvation is unattainable? END
START who has the power to destroy bad karma? END
START what type of sutra is the lotus sutra? END
START some mantras are used for cutting off what type of karma? END
START who was the japanese pure land teacher? END
START according to genshin, whats has the power to destroy karma? END
START what is the process in which beings go through cycles of lifetimes as many forms of sentient life? END
START which doctrine denies the concept of a permanent self or soul? END
START in buddhism, rebirth into consecutive lives is determined by what? END
START sentient life according to buddhism runs between what two points? END
START the laws of cause and effect can also be called? END
START what is the name for the process of a succession of lifetimes? END
START what doctrine rejects the idea of permanent self? END
START "dependent arising" is the meaning of what word? END
START hinduism and christianity use what term for a permanent self? END
START rebirth into the śuddhāvāsa worlds or pure abodes can only be attained by who? END
START rebirth into the formless realms can only be attained by who? END
START how many planes of existence are there? END
START what are the higher heavens called? END
START what are skilled buddhists called? END
START what is another name for ārūpyadhātu? END
START what is the highest object of meditation called? END
START how many planes of existence? END
START skilled buddhist practictioners that can get to the higher heavens are known as what? END
START what is the highest object of meditation? END
START what does arupyadhatu mean? END
START there is a transitional state between one life and the next according to what branches of buddhism? END
START what branch of buddhism rejects that there is a transitional state between lives? END
START passages in what teaching support the idea that the buddha taught of a stage between lives? END
START what is the state called between lives? END
START which major part of buddhism rejects bardo? END
START what book discusses bardo? END
START other than tibetan buddhism, what other buddhism supports bardo? END
START there is an intermediate state between one life and the next according to what buddism? END
START what type of theravada rejects the intermediate state idea? END
START some passages of what canon support the idea of intermediate stages? END
START what is considered to be central to the teachings of buddhism? END
START what do the four noble truths explain? END
START what teachings are the most important to buddhism? END
START what part of dukkha deals with pain? END
START what is considered central to the teachings of buddhism? END
START the four truths explain the nature of what? END
START what does the first of the four noble truths explain? END
START what is dukkha? END
START what does the first truth cover? END
START what is another word for dukkha? END
START what is another nature of dukkha? END
START how many aspects are there to dukkha? END
START dukkha can be translated as what word in regards to unhappiness? END
START suffering, anxiety, unsatisfactoriness, and unease is the translation of what word? END
START how many aspects does dukkha have? END
START what does the second of the four noble truths explain? END
START what is the origin of dukkha? END
START what is the third of the four noble truths explain? END
START what is the fourth of the four noble truths explain? END
START what is the second truth? END
START how is the meaning of dukkha explained? END
START what is a contributing factor to dukkha? END
START the second truth is? END
START the origin of dukkha is explained as craving conditioned by what? END
START the root cause of dukkha is identified as ignorance of what? END
START the third noble truth is that the complete cessation of what is possible? END
START what is the fourth of the buddha's four noble truths? END
START what is the purpose of the noble eightfold path? END
START what are the eight factors of the noble eightfold path? END
START the noble eightfold path is which of buddha's truths? END
START the fourth truth consists of how many factors? END
START what is the end goal of the fourth truth? END
START what is one of the eight factors? END
START the noble eightfold path is which noble truth? END
START the noble eightfold path is a set of how many inerconnected factors? END
START when the eight factors are developed together, is leads to the cessation of what? END
START who describes the noble eightfold path as "a mandala of interconnected factors that support and moderate each other."? END
START how are the eight factors of the noble eightfold path to be understood? END
START what can one's behaviour be divided into? END
START who describes the path as "a mandala of interconnected factor that support and moderate each other"? END
START during his search for enlightenment, gautama combined what teachings? END
START what was the new kind of human invented by gautama? END
START what are the four immeasurable minds also known as? END
START what is the best known of the four immeasurables? END
START the four immeasurables are taught as a form of meditation that cultivates what? END
START gautama combined the yoga practice of what teacher? END
START gautama invented a new kind of human without what? END
START what are the "four immeasurable minds"? END
START who calls the four immeasurable minds "four limitless ones"? END
START the four immeasurables are taught as a form of what? END
START when did gautama buddha discover the middle way? END
START an important guiding priciple of buddhist practice is what? END
START guatama discovered the middle path before his what? END
START what are some of the theories and philosophies produced by buddhist scholars? END
START does buddhism encourage or discourage doctrinal studies? END
START who has produced a number of theories and concepts such as abhidharma and reality in buddhism? END
START some schools within buddhism discourage what type of study? END
START what is the goal of the buddhist path? END
START upon awakening to the true nature of the self, what is one is liberated from? END
START liberation is know as what? END
START what is the goal of the buddhist path? END
START in awakening to the true nature of the self, one no longer care about what? END
START buddha recommended viewing thing by how many marks of existence? END
START what is the meaning of impermanence in buddhism? END
START according to the buddhist doctrine of impermanence, how does life express impermanence? END
START why is attachment to things futile? END
START what is in a constant flux? END
START everything is continuously coming into being and what? END
START the cycle of rebirth is also called what? END
START according to doctrine, because all thing don't last, attachment can lead to what? END
START the term dukkha corresponds to what english terms? END
START dukkha is often translated as suffering, but the philosophical meaning of dukkha of more closely related to what term? END
START buddhism seeks to be neither pessimistic or optimistic, but what? END
START suffering is a central concept in what? END
START the philosophical meaning of suffering is close what term? END
START the condition of being disturbed is what? END
START in translation what term is often left untranslated to keep of fuller definition? END
START what is the third mark of existence in buddhism? END
START the buddha rejected the metaphysical assertions "i have a self" and "i have no self" as views that bind one to what? END
START what was the answer given when the buddha was asked if the body is the same as the self? END
START what is the conclusion that one comes to when analyzing the changing physical and mental components or  person or thing? END
START what is the 3rd mark of existence? END
START in what form is anatta not meant as a metaphysical assertion? END
START buddha rejected the assertion "i have a self" and what other related assertion? END
START what is the term for constantly changing physical and mental parts? END
START what is the name of the buddhist doctrine that states that phenomena arise together in a mutually interdependent web of cause and effect? END
START translated into english, what does pratītyasamutpāda mean? END
START the doctrine of pratityasumatupada is a important part of what type of metaphysics? END
START what is the most common application of the concept of pratītyasamutpāda? END
START what does the scheme of twelve nidānas explain? END
START an application of the idea of pratityasamutpada is the scheme of what? END
START what doe nidana mean? END
START what describes the connection between the conditions of cyclic existence? END
START what describes the causal connection between the subsequent conditions of cyclic existance? END
START how are sentient beings freed from suffering? END
START what is the first nidāna? END
START the absence of ignorance leads to what? END
START who always suffers throughout samsara? END
START what is suffering also called? END
START how do you free yourself of dukkha? END
START what is the first nidana? END
START nagarjuna's main contribution was the exposition of the concept of what? END
START what does sunyata mean? END
START nagarjuna said that sentient beings are empty of what? END
START what does dharmas mean? END
START what teaching were criticized by nagarjuna? END
START what scholars reformed sarvastivada teachings? END
START what is the doctrine that says that the mind and only the mind are real? END
START what yogacarins asserted that the mind was not truly existent? END
START what does tathagatagarbha mean? END
START what does prajnaparamita mean? END
START according to what school is tathgatagarbha the inseparability of clairty and emptiness of one's mind? END
START according to what school does it refer to the innate qualities of the mind that express themselves as omniscience? END
START what type of sutras were generally ignored in india? END
START what term means cessation? END
START what term means awakening? END
START what is the term for someone who has achieved nirvana? END
START what is the term applied to the experience of the awakening of arahants? END
START in early buddhism bodhi used a meaning synonymous to what word? END
START what is the term for greed or craving? END
START what is the word for hate or aversion? END
START what does moha mean? END
START what has achieved nirvana and also liberation from delusion? END
START if bodhi is attained what do you become? END
START in theravada buddhism, bodhi and what term have the same meaning? END
START what term is used for the complete nirvana attained by the arahant at death? END
START who is a fully awakened being who has purified his mind of the three poisons of desire, aversion, and ignorance? END
START a buddha is no longer bound by what? END
START what do unawakend people experience? END
START how many buddhas are considered to have existed in the pali canon? END
START a theravada and mahayana belief is that the next buddha will be one named what? END
START mahayana has many buddhas of what origin? END
START a person can awaken from the "sleep of ignorance" by acknowledging the true nature of what? END
START at the end of the cycle of rebirth a person is called what? END
START nirvana and what term carry the same meaning? END
START what is the term for extinction of only hatred and greed, with residue of delusion? END
START in the mahayana, who is thought to be an omnipresent being? END
START who is thought to be beyond the range and reach of thought? END
START in what sutras are the buddha, dharma, and sangha viewed as one? END
START buddha's death is seen as an illusion, as he is living in other planes of what? END
START who is permitted to offer "new truths" based on buddhas input? END
START what is the term for the idea of ultimately nothing has existance? END
START who are enlightened people who vow to continue being reborn? END
START what is characterized by the deep truts in the "other-power" of amitabha buddha END
START what is perhaps the most faith-oriented for of buddhism? END
START what buddha vowed to rescue all beings from samsaric suffering? END
START who is believed to have achieved enlightenment first? END
START what is the term for the stretch of history during which people rmember and practice the teachings of the earliest known buddha? END
START who is the buddha of this buddha era? END
START who taught directly or indirectly to all other buddhas? END
START who believes there are innumerable other buddhas in other universes? END
START what buddhist belief says that buddhas come one at a time and not within other eras? END
START what form of buddhism has declined to the point where few are capable of following the path? END
START what does bodhisattva mean? END
START what is the term for the spontaneous wish to attain buddhahood for the benefit of all beings? END
START what term means "great vehicle"? END
START what is an honorary synonym for bodhisattvayana? END
START the astasahasrika prajnaparamita sutra is an important text of what type? END
START what buddhism encourages everyone to become bodhisattvas? END
START what is the idea there the practitioner promises to work for the complete enlightenment of all beings by practicing the six paramitas? END
START what are the six perfections under mahayana teachings? END
START which dalai lama cites shantideva's famous saying? END
START devotion is an important part of the practice of most what? END
START what are the devotional practices? END
START buddhism traditionally incorporates states of what type of absorption? END
START the most acient yogic ideas is found in the early sermons of who? END
START the difference between the buddha's teaching and the yoga presented in what what type of texts is significant? END
START according to the buddha event he highest meditative state is not what? END
START meditation was an aspect of the practice of who? END
START in buddhism, what must be developed at all times? END
START religious knowledge is also known as what? END
START what type of techniques were shared with other traditions of his day? END
START there is an idea where ethics are causally related to the attainment of what? END
START what are probably the earliest texts describing meditation techniques? END
START what describes meditative states exising before the buddha? END
START what two items were written after the rise of buddhism? END
START in pre-buddhist early brahminic texts there is no evidence for what? END
START the upanishads statements reflect what type of tradition? END
START what contains evidence for a contemplative tradition? END
START what is the first step in a school of buddhism? END
START what mentions taking refuge on behalf of young or unborn children? END
START what type of buddhism adds a fourth refuge? END
START the three jewels are preceived as possessed of an eternal and unchanging what? END
START what has an irreversable effect? END
START who presented himself as a model? END
START what offers a refuge by providing guidelines for the alleviation of suffering? END
START what provides refuge by preserving the authentic teachings of the buddha? END
START what is an action committed through the body and involves intentional effort? END
START sila is the second what? END
START what keeps the cultivator from rebirth in the four realms of existance? END
START what is the foundation of samadhi/bhavana? END
START what promotes not only the peace of mind but also peace in the community? END
START what does sila refer to? END
START lay people tend to live by the five what? END
START schools can undertake eight precepts, which add basic what? END
START precepts are not created as imperatives, but as what? END
START the cultivation of dana and what kind of conduct refine consciousness? END
START even if there is no further buddhist practice, what heavens is still likely? END
START of the eight precepts which one is on sexual misconduct? END
START what is the third strict precept on sexual misconduct? END
START how many precepts are on the list? END
START in the complete list of precepts, which one is partitioned into two? END
START how many basic precepts are there for monastics? END
START what is the specific moral code for monks and nuns? END
START how many rules dows the patimokkha have? END
START what are the scriptures on vinaya called? END
START regarding the monastic rules, the buddha reminds his hearers that it is the spirit that what? END
START the rules themselves are designed to assure a satisfying what? END
START the rules are a perfect springboard for what? END
START monastics are instructed by the buddha to live as what? END
START distinctive vinaya and ethics are contained within what sutra? END
START bodhisattvas are not encouraged to eat what? END
START where is the monastic vinaya displaced and clergy is allowed to marry? END
START in chinese buddhism what meditation is more popular? END
START evidence has shown some lay people got to proficiency in all eight what? END
START what does the word samyaksamadhi mean? END
START meditation is the primary means of cultivating what? END
START upon development of samadhi, a person gets rid of what? END
START what is powerful concentration called? END
START what is the term when the mind is ready to penetrate and gain insight? END
START mindfulness is essential to concentration, which is neede to achieve what? END
START samatha meditation starts from being mindful of an object or what? END
START what is the term for tranquility? END
START in buddhism, samatha meditation can calm the what? END
START vipassana meditation can reveal how the mind was what? END
START what is the term for insight knowledge? END
START what is the term for understanding? END
START what eradicates the defilements completely? END
START in theravada buddhism, what is the cause of human existence and suffering? END
START what does craving carry with it? END
START deeply rooted afflictions of the mind create what? END
START what is the ultimate goal for theravadins? END
START how many noble truths are there? END
START prajna is the wisom that is able to extinguish afflictions and bring about what? END
START what is listed as the sixth of the six paramitas of the mahayana? END
START initially prajna is attained at a conceptual level by means of listening to what? END
START in theory when can one attain nirvana during practice? END
START what can be applied to daily life once it is attained? END
START zen buddhism is known as what in korea? END
START what form of buddhism lays special emphasis on meditation? END
START what form of buddhism places less emphasis on scriptures? END
START zen focuses on what type of breakthroughs? END
START zen buddhism is divided into how many main schools? END
START which schools of zen likes the use of meditation on the koan for spiritual breakthroughs? END
START what buddhist teachings are often full of paradox? END
START what type of self is equated with the buddha? END
START what is not allowed to confine and bind oneself? END
START what type of buddhism is tibeto-mongolian based on? END
START what is the english term for vajrayana? END
START what type of buddhism is concerned with ritual and meditative practices? END
START psycho-physical energy is harnessed through what? END
START what time period was the beginning of buddhism? END
START scholars believe that karma originated in what? END
START what groups broke with brahmanic tradition? END
START shramanas were a continuation of what type of trand of indian thought? END
START buddhism arose in what area? END
START greater magadha stretched from sravasti in the north-west to what area in the south-east? END
START what time period did the eastward spread of brahmanism start? END
START movements were influenced by philosophical thought within the vedic tradition such as what? END
START the movement included atomists such as what? END
START what is the term for agnostics? END
START what movement focused on the idea that the sould must be freed from matter? END
START a criticism the buddha gave dealing with animals was? END
START the buddha mocked what hymn of the vedic? END
START the original veda of the rishis was altered by a few brahmins who introduced what? END
START the buddha refused to pay respect to who, during their time of animal sacrifice? END
START what is in dispute regarding the research into the core of the teachings? END
START a large problem in the study of early buddhism is the relationship of dhyana and what else? END
START liberating insight is attained after mastering what? END
START later edition of texts such as what has the rupa jhanas? END
START according the bronkhorst, intentions and desire are responsible for what? END
START bronkhurst says that buddha had a view of 'what' much different then current day? END
START what was the earliest buddhism type? END
START buddha's way to release was by means of what type of practices?  END
START from which jhana did buddha gain bodhi? END
START a logic problem arises when noting that the four truths constitute what? END
START the four truths depict what type of path of practice? END
START what is the sanskrit form of nibbana? END
START many terms for nibbana can be found throughout the what? END
START the desired goal for buddhism is what? END
START a description of the buddhist path may have been as simplistic as what term? END
START the description of buddhism was broadened resulting in what path? END
START authors bronkhorst and anderson claim the four truths bacame a substitution for what? END
START what is prajna called in english? END
START gotamas teachings may have been personal and adjusted to the need of each what? END
START how many marks of existence reflect upanishadic influences? END
START the periods of buddhisma in india is divided into how many periods? END
START what is the first period of buddhism called? END
START what is another name for nikaya buddhism? END
START what is the last period of buddhism? END
START what is esoteric buddhism also called? END
START was is the earliest phase of buddhism? END
START gautama buddha most likely taught the idea of karma and what? END
START gautama buddha taught what path concept? END
START soon after the parinirvana of gautama buddha, what type of council was held? END
START who was cousin of the buddha? END
START what are the discourses of the buddha called? END
START some sources say that discourse of who else were recited along with buddha's? END
START the sangha began to break into separte factions after what council? END
START according to the dipavamsa they started immediately after what council? END
START the mahasanghika places the breakup at what time? END
START the major schism was between the sthaviras and what other group? END
START the dipavamsa says that the losing party broke away in protest and formed what? END
START the mahasanghikas argued that the sthaviras were trying to expand what? END
START who gave rise to the theravada school? END
START monks following different schools of thought seem to have lived happily together in the same what? END
START by the latest at around 100 ce, schisms were being caused by what type of desagreements? END
START what is a detailed scholastic reworking of doctrinal material called? END
START the abhidharma texts do not contain treatises, but what? END
START the abhidharma texts are from what time? END
START there is a disagreement on whether a school had an abhidhamma or not, which school is it? END
START which sutras are among the earliest mahayana sutras? END
START the prajnaparamita sutras were developed along the krsna river in what region of south india? END
START the earliest mahayana sutra include the very first version of what genre? END
START texts concerning aksobhya buddha were written down in what century? END
START author warder believes that the mahayana originated in the south of india in what area? END
START the ancient buddhist site  in the lower krsna valley can be traced to at least what century bce? END
START evidence suggests that many early mahayana scriptures originated in what part of india? END
START there is no evidence that mahayana ever referred to a separate school of what? END
START the mahayana never tried to have separte what? END
START we know that both mahayana and non mahayana monks live in the same what? END
START most of the early extant evidence for the origins of mhayana comes from what type of translations? END
START the mahayana teachings were first propagated into china by who? END
START the earliest mahayana sutras included the very first versions of what series? END
START texts concerning aksobhya buddha were probably composed in what century bce? END
START what four types of thought developed during the period of late mahayna buddhism? END
START what was the latest thought type? END
START in india the two main philosophical schools of the mahayana were madhyamaka and what else? END
START buddhism may have spread quickly because of what mauryan emperor? END
START the support of asoka and his descendants led to what being built more? END
START what does stupas mean in english? END
START emissaries were sent to various countries to what direct from india? END
START scholars disagree on whether emissaries were accompanied by buddhist what? END
START what were the emissaries used for? END
START the gradual spread of buddhism exposed it to a variety of influences including what civilization? END
START who was the greek king immortalized in buddhist canon? END
START the theravada school spread south from india in what century bce? END
START the dharmagupta schol spread in what century to kashmir? END
START when was the first documented translation efforts by foreign buddhist monks in china? END
START mahayana sutras spread to china during what century? END
START what two countries after china was the mahayana sutras spread? END
START when did buddhism apread from india to tibet? END
START china and india are now starting to fund what type of shrines in various asian countries? END
START what is the dharma? END
START what is the sangha? END
START west buddhism is often seen as exotic and what? END
START new forms of buddhism are created because of what reason? END
START when did a number of modern movement in buddhism emerge? END
START what is the dalit buddhist movement sometimes called? END
START what buddhism emerged in the second half of the 20th century in japan? END
START what does soka gakkai mean in english? END
START what buddhist movement has linked more than 12 million people? END
START what is the largest buddhist movement in the world? END
START what religion is practiced by an estimated 488 to 535 million people? END
START what country has the largest population of buddhists? END
START how many buddhists are in china? END
START how may adherents does mahayana have? END
START how many adherents does thervada have? END
START how many buddists are outside of asia? END
START how many buddhists were there in 1910? END
START how many buddhists are there in 2010? END
START how many buddhists are in asia? END
START what does hinayana mean in english? END
START what is used by mahayana followers to name the early schools? END
START each tradition has its own core what? END
START there are common concepts to both major buddhist branches according to what organization? END
START what is the oldest surviving buddhist school? END
START where does the name theravada come from? END
START sinhalese buddhist reformer portrayed what canon as the original version of scripture? END
START where is there a growing presence of theravada? END
START what type of buddhists believe that personal effort is required to realize rebirth? END
START laypersons can perform good actions, producing what? END
START what was the most important mahayana centre of learning? END
START mahayana schools recognize all or part of what? END
START a few of the sutras for mahayanists became a manifestation of who? END
START faith in and veneration of mahayana are stated in what sutras? END
START native mahayana buddhism is also called what? END
START the buddhism practiced in tibet, the himalayan regions and mongolia are often referred to as? END
START what is the most widely practised eastern buddhism? END
START the royal courts sponsored both buddhism and what? END
START mantras taught in the saiva, garuda, and vaisnava tantra will be effective if applied by who? END
START what work is associated with guhyasamaja tradition? END
START there is a great variety of what type of scripture? END
START some schools venerate certain texts as religious what? END
START unlike most religions, buddhism has no single central what? END
START tibetan buddhists have not even translated most of the what? END
START some scholars say there is no universally accepted common what? END
START what has been seen by some as a hinderance to understanding buddhist philosophy? END
START in sri lanka, what was determined to be the best unifying scripture? END
START there have been attempts to create a single text with all the main ideas of what religion? END
START condensed study texts where created in what tradition? END
START goddard collected mainly what type of buddhist scripture? END
START dr. babasaheb ambedkar attempted to create a single combined document with all buddhist principles and called it? END
START what means "three baskets"? END
START what does the "three baskets" refer to? END
START what contains disciplinary rules for buddhist monks and nuns? END
START what contains discourses ascribed to gautama buddha? END
START what contains material ofen described as systematic expositions of the gautama buddha teachings? END
START what is the only tipitaka to survive intact in its original language? END
START is is said that some early schools of buddhism had how many pitakas? END
START which monk presided after the death of the buddha? END
START what was the goal of the council? END
START the vinaya was recited by? END
START who was the buddha's personal attendant? END
START ananda was called upon to recite what? END
START much of the material in the canon is not specifically what? END
START who may have added texts to the canon for some time? END
START what are considered the original teachings of the buddha? END
START what is a very broad genre of buddhist scripture? END
START what teaching was criticized by nagarjuna? END
START what sutras are reserved for those who follow the bodhisattva path? END
START what does mahayana mean? END
START what path is described as being built upon the motivation to liberate all living beings? END
START what sutras were transmitted in secret? END
START what sutras could have been preserved in non-human worlds? END
START what tradition says that sutras might have come from other buddhas or bodhisattvas? END
START how many mahayana sutras have survivied in sanskrit or in chinese or tibetan translations? END
START what buddhism recognizes sutras of chinese origin? END
START when did mahayana sutras start to influence the behavior of mainstream buddhists in india? END
START what was the pejorative label for those that rejected mahayana sutras? END
START what school does not include the mahayava scriptures in its canon? END
START the modern theravada school stablished itself in what country? END
START what mahayana related label is considered derogatory? END
START the mahayana occasionally referred to early buddhism as what? END
START what term was more politically correct term for the word hinayana? END
START what provides chances for comparative study with a large range of subjects? END
START buddhism's emphasis on the middle way provides a guideline for what? END
START buddism has what kind of parallels withother systems of thought? END
START buddhism had similiar tenets to what other common religion? END
START buddhist concept of dependent origination has been compared to what modern thought? END
START what school of thought is questioned on whether or not it is a religion? END
START what is often referred to as a religion by many sources? END
START who is the creator of american idol? END
START what company produces american idol? END
START what year did american idol begin airing? END
START what british show is american idols format based on? END
START what television network does american idol air on? END
START what company produces american idol? END
START what british series is american idols format based on? END
START who created american idol? END
START who produced american idol? END
START when did american idol first air on tv? END
START what british show was american idol based on? END
START what record producer was an original judge on american idol? END
START what comedian was an original host on american idol?  END
START what actress is a judge on the most current season of american idol?  END
START who was a host on all seasons of american idol? END
START what comedian was an original host on american idol? END
START what pop singer was an original judge on american idol? END
START what actress is a judge on the most current season of american idol? END
START which original judge was a record producer and music manager? END
START which original judge was a choreographer? END
START which original judge was a music executive? END
START which judge is a country music singer? END
START which judge is a jazz singer? END
START how many billboard hits did american idol produce in its first ten years? END
START who called american idol "the most impactful show in the history of television"? END
START who was a pop idol that started on american idol? END
START how many billboard chart toppers did american idol contestants have within the first ten seasons? END
START who said that american idol is "the most impactful show in the history of televsion? END
START what year did fox announce that american idol was cancelled? END
START what year did fox announce the cancellation of american idol? END
START for how many seasons did american idol air?  END
START how many consecutive years did american idol been ranked number one in ratings? END
START when did fox announce that american idol is ending? END
START what show in new zealand was the inspiration for the british series pop idol? END
START who was the creator of british series pop idol? END
START what year did pop idol make its television debut? END
START who was a judge on the british series pop idol in 2001? END
START wha was the executive producer of pop idol in 2001? END
START what show was pop idols based on? END
START who saw popstars while in australia and wanted britain to have the same thing? END
START in addition to back stories and drama, what did fuller add to the show? END
START when did pop idol premiere in britain? END
START who was the executive producer of pop idol? END
START for how many seasons was american idol the most watched show in the us? END
START what year did american idol first air on fox? END
START what year did producers attempt to sell the pop idol format in the united states?  END
START who talked rupert murdoch into buying american idol for fox? END
START who is the head of fox's parent company? END
START what was pop idol renamed to for its american debut? END
START for how many seasons were the three original judges on american idol? END
START how many judges were originally planned for american idol? END
START what new york radio personalty was hired as a judge for american idol in season two but declined? END
START what radio dj was originally hired as a judge in season one but declined? END
START how many judges were originally intended for the show? END
START which judge quit before the premiere, citing image concerns? END
START during season two, which judge quit after a few days? END
START when did american idol change to a four-judge panel? END
START who was added as a fourth judge in the eighth season of american idol? END
START who replaced paula abdul as a judge in season nine of american idol? END
START for how many seasons was steven tyler a judge on american idol? END
START what year did simon cowell announce that he was leaving american idol? END
START what show did simon cowell launch in 2011 after leaving american idol? END
START who was added as a fourth judge for the eighth season? END
START when did paula abdul quit as a judge? END
START when did simon cowell announce he was no longer going to be a judge? END
START which talk show host replaced paula abdul? END
START when did steven tyler become a judge? END
START in what season was lionel richie a guest judge on american idol? END
START which season eight contestant was a guest judge in season fourteen? END
START in what season was donna summer a guest judge on american idol? END
START in which season was shania twain a guest judge on american idol? END
START which season of american idol featured katy perry as a guest judge? END
START who were the guest judges in season two? END
START when was shania twain a guest judge for auditions? END
START when did donna summer help the contestants during the final rounds? END
START who was the only host of american idol after season one? END
START which host quit after the first season? END
START who was a mentor to the contestants on american idol in its thirteenth season?  END
START who mentored contestants in the fourteenth and fifteenth seasons of american idol? END
START what two things did the mentors help the contestants with? END
START who was the mentor for seasons 10 - 12? END
START who was the mentor for season 13? END
START who was the mentor for seasons 14 and 15? END
START what is the upper age limit for contestants on american idol? END
START when was the age limit increased to 28? END
START currently, contestants can not have a recording track by what stage of the competition?  END
START how many auditions are there before contestants audition for the judges? END
START which audition stage is televised? END
START how many contestants make it through the initial auditions in each city? END
START what is the only televised portion of the preliminary audition rounds? END
START how many rounds can a contestant make it through before hollywood? END
START who do contestants sing for in the second round of cuts during auditions? END
START if contestants get approval from the judges, where do they go next? END
START which season did not have a group round in hollywood? END
START in which seasons were contestants required to write original lyrics? END
START how many hollywood rounds were there in the first nine seasons? END
START in which season were contestants separated by gender to form groups? END
START how many rounds of cuts were in the hollywood stage until season ten? END
START what was eliminated from the hollywood round in season seven? END
START which seasons did contestants have to write an original lyric or melody? END
START in what city did contestants perform an additional round in seasons ten and eleven? END
START what was the las vegas round called in season twelve? END
START in which season was the "hollywood or home" round added to the competition? END
START how many text message votes were there in season eight? END
START in which season was online voting introduced? END
START what company counts the votes on american idol?  END
START at what point does the public begin voting for contestants? END
START how many votes were cast for contestants in the first season? END
START how many votes were cast by season ten for all contestants? END
START how many finalists were there on the first season of american idol? END
START what is the name of the round that gives failed contestants another chance? END
START how were the semi-finalists split up to perform in season one? END
START how were the semi-finalists split up to perform in seasons two and three? END
START when did the wildcard round become a factor? END
START how many finalists were chosen for season one? END
START how many finalists made it to the finals for seasons two and three? END
START how many semi-finalists were there in season 4? END
START how were the semi-finalists divided in season four? END
START how many men were in the top twelve on season five of american idol? END
START how many women were in the top twelve on season nine of american idol? END
START how many women were semi-finalists on season six of american idol? END
START how many wildcards were chosen by the judges in season eight? END
START how many wildcard contestants were advanced in the competition in season ten? END
START how many women were in the top ten in season twelve? END
START how many finalists were there in season eight? END
START what season saw the return of the wild card round? END
START how many contestants moved forward from each round? END
START how many wildcard contestants were chosen? END
START how many contestants were finalists for season 12? END
START where studio hosts the live final rounds on american idol? END
START who was the mentor on season ten of american idol?  END
START how many weeks did the finals of season thirteen last? END
START how many weeks did the finals last in the first season? END
START where are the finals broadcast from? END
START who was a mentor for the contestants in season 10? END
START how many songs do contestants sing initially in the finals? END
START when do contestants start singing two songs? END
START in what season was the "judges save" introduced to give contestants a second chance? END
START how many time can the judges save be used each season? END
START when three are called, one is often sent to what? END
START which season was the idol gives back episode? END
START in which season was the "fan save" first used? END
START how do people vote using the fan save? END
START what was introduced in season 14 to allow the fans to help save a contestant? END
START how do viewers vote for a contestant using fan save? END
START when does the fan save start? END
START what venue was the american idol season seven finale held at? END
START how many people can attend an american idol finale at the dolby theatre? END
START in what episode is the winner of american idol revealed? END
START where was the season one finale broadcast from? END
START how many audience members can fit in dolby theatre? END
START what is the capacity for gibson ampitheatre? END
START for seasons 7-13, the season finale was held where? END
START which company manages the winners of american idol? END
START what record label signed the winner of season fourteen of american idol? END
START how long does the record company have the right of first refusal for contestants on american idol? END
START what does the winner of american idol receive? END
START the winner also receives a management contract with which company? END
START in season 14, the winner was signed to which company? END
START what is given to contestants who make it past the audition round? END
START in the audition rounds, what do contestants who win the approval of the judges receive? END
START who votes for the winning contestants starting with the semi-final round? END
START in which season were contestants first allowed to use musical instruments? END
START who was in charge of the american idol band in season eleven? END
START in what season did american idol start airing on thursday nights? END
START who was the leader of the american idol band in season five? END
START who led the american idol band between seasons four and nine? END
START who led the american idol band after rickey minor's departure? END
START what season were contestants allowed use a musical instrument when they sing? END
START what network aired the first season of american idol? END
START what year did american idol first debut? END
START who was ryan seacrests co-host in the first season of american idol? END
START when did american idol debut? END
START what network did american idol debut on? END
START who co-hosted american idol? END
START how many contestants made it past the first round of auditions? END
START how many people initially auditioned? END
START who was the first known homosexual contestant on american idol? END
START which contestant was surprisingly eliminated during the top four episode?  END
START where was christina christian at when she was eliminated from the show? END
START how many contestants were chosen from the 10,000 that auditioned? END
START of the 121 chosen, how many became semi-finalists? END
START which contestant was disqualified for lying about his age? END
START when was tamyra gray eliminated? END
START who was eliminated while she was in the hospital due to chest pains? END
START what year did kelly clarkson win? END
START who was the runner up to kelly clarkson? END
START what month did kelly clarkson win? END
START of the final two, which was an early favorite to win? END
START who won the first season of american idol? END
START when did clarkson win the crown? END
START what was the fist song released by kelly clarkson after winning american idol? END
START what film did kelly clarkson and justin guarini star in after they were on american idol? END
START how many albums has kelly clarkson sold around the world? END
START what song did kelly clarkson perform during the finale? END
START what did clarkson sing during the finale? END
START what was the name of the song? END
START which record did the song break, which was the biggest leap to the top of the billboard charts? END
START what was the name of the film that the two finalists made together? END
START how many worldwide album sales has kelly clarkson had since winning idol? END
START what year did season two of american idol first air? END
START who was a correspondent on season two of american idol? END
START when did season two air? END
START who was a correspondent for season two? END
START which judge did corey clark claim to have had an affair with? END
START which contestant was removed from the competition for having been a model on an adult website? END
START which contestant was removed from the competition for not revealing his police record? END
START which contestant had previously been arrested and charged with assault? END
START who was disqualified for having a police record? END
START which contestant was removed from the show for modelling for an adult website? END
START which contestant was disqualified because of an assault charge? END
START who was the season two winner of american idol? END
START how many votes were cast during the final week? END
START who was the runner up on season two of american idol? END
START how many votes did ruben studdard win by? END
START what was the name of the shows executive producer? END
START who won season two? END
START who was the runner up for season two? END
START how many more votes did studdard have at the finale? END
START how many votes were cast for the finale? END
START who did nigel lythgoe say was a fan favorite for the majority of the season? END
START what is the first song that ruben studdard released after winning american idol? END
START what contestant came in fourth on season two of american idol? END
START what song did clay aiken first release after losing american idol? END
START what was the name of studdard's coronation song? END
START what was aiken's single release named? END
START which of the final two had more success with his first album? END
START who finished fourth on season two? END
START what year did the third season of american idol first air? END
START which contestant was best known for his bad audition of "she bangs"? END
START which contestant sold more albums than all except two from season three of american idol? END
START when did season three premiere? END
START which contestant sang an off-key "she bangs"? END
START which contestant was number three in sales from season three? END
START what were the three black female contestants on season three of american idol commonly referred to as? END
START which contestant was eliminated during the week of the top seven? END
START what famous singer made claims of racism after jennifer hudson was eliminated from american idol? END
START which season three contestant on american idol was the recipient of reported death threats? END
START what were fantasia barrino, latoya london and jennifer hudson called? END
START which of the three was eliminated? END
START who said that the results were racist? END
START which contestant reportedly received a death threat on the show? END
START who was the runner up on the third season of american idol? END
START what was the name of the first single that fantasia released after winning american idol? END
START what was the first song released by diana degarmo after coming in second on american idol? END
START what song did fantasia sing on the top 8 show? END
START who has said that barrino's rendition of summertime has been his top moment of all seasons? END
START who were the final two contestants? END
START who was declared the season winner? END
START what was fantasia's coronation song? END
START who got a spot in the top 12 after mario vasquez dropped out? END
START who replaced vasquez as a finalist? END
START what company produces the show? END
START a former employee states he was fired after complaining about which finalist? END
START during what week was there a problem with voting? END
START when did the results show happen? END
START what year did carrie underwood win american idol? END
START how many record has carrie underwood sold since winning american idol? END
START what was the first song released by carrie underwood after winning american idol?  END
START which american idol contestant has won the biggest number of grammy awards? END
START when was the winner declared? END
START who was the winner of this season? END
START what song did the two finalists release? END
START how many records has underwood sold in america? END
START which season of american idol stands out for having the highest ratings? END
START which two contestants were removed from the show for accusations of identity theft? END
START which season has been the highest rated of all american idol seasons? END
START when did season five premiere? END
START which two contestants were kicked off the show for identity theft? END
START which contestant did the band fuel ask to be their new lead singer? END
START which season five contestant caused controversy with their performance of i walk the line? END
START which contestant was surprisingly eliminated during the week of the top four? END
START who performed a fuel song on this season? END
START fuel asked chris daughtry to become what? END
START who was eliminated in the top 4 show? END
START which song performance did he receive both praise and criticism for? END
START why did he receive criticism for i walk the line END
START who was the winner american idol in 2006? END
START what was the name of the first song that taylor hicks released after winning american idol? END
START what was the first song that katherine mcphee released after coming in second on american idol? END
START who was the winner for this season? END
START what was hick's debut single? END
START what was mcphee's first single? END
START which season five contestant has had the most success after the show? END
START what is the name if the band that has chris daughtry as its lead singer? END
START who was the most successful artist from this season? END
START what band does chris daughtry sing for? END
START what year did the sixth season of american idol first air? END
START how many people watched the season premiere of american idol in 2007? END
START when did season six premiere? END
START how many overall viewers did the first show of the season generate? END
START who was the most discussed singer in american idols sixth season? END
START what celebrity asked his fans to vote for sanjaya malakar on american idol? END
START what is the name of the blog that tried to rally votes for sanjaya malakar on american idol? END
START what date was sanjaya malakar eliminated on american idol? END
START what season six american idol contestant was known for his strange hairstyles? END
START which contestant was talked about more than any other this season? END
START what was the main reason sanjaya garnered such attention? END
START which weblog helped sanjaya survive elimination week over and over again? END
START which shock jock urged people to vote for sanjaya? END
START when was sanjaya eliminated?  END
START what was the name of the charity event on season six of american idol? END
START how much money did the idol gives back event raise in 2007? END
START what singer came in third on the sixth season of american idol? END
START what was the charity event that occurred this season? END
START which two contestants were eliminated the following week? END
START who was eliminated on the top 3 show? END
START who was the winner of american idols sixth season? END
START who came in second on season six of american idol? END
START on what date did american idol air its season six finale? END
START when was the finale aired? END
START which contestant won the season? END
START what year did season four of american idol first air? END
START how many contestants auditioned for the fourth season of american idol? END
START what was the oldest that you could be to qualify as a contestant on the fourth season of american idol? END
START what  was the first full season of american idol to air in high definition? END
START in which season was bo bice a contestant on american idol? END
START when did season four premiere? END
START season four was the first full season to be aired in what? END
START how many people auditioned to be on american idol? END
START what was the maximum age a contestant could be starting this season? END
START in what year did american idol begin a contest to decide the winners single? END
START what is the first song released by jordin sparks after winning american idol? END
START how was "this is my now" decided as the first single for the american idol winner in 2007? END
START which contest started during this season? END
START fans could vote for what during this contest? END
START of the thousands of songs entered, how many were the public able to vote for? END
START what song won the contest? END
START when did sparks release her version of the song? END
START what year did season seven of american idol first air? END
START which season seven contestant had worked as a stripper before his time on american idol? END
START which contestant was talked about most for having a record deal before being a contestant on american idol? END
START when did season seven premiere? END
START which contestant drew attention because he was a former stripper? END
START why did many of the contestants draw the attention of the media? END
START which contestant garnered the most attention because of a prior recording contract? END
START what song did david cook sing on american idol during the week of the top ten? END
START which american idol contestant was hospitalized after singing during the week of the top nine? END
START who arranged the version of "billie jean" that david cook performed on american idol? END
START on what date did the american idol finals begin? END
START when did american idol showcase a new set and stage? END
START which arrangement was used for cook's version of billie jean? END
START who was taken to the hospital after the top nine show? END
START which contestant sang "imagine" on season seven of american idol? END
START in which season of american idol did jennifer lopez become a judge? END
START what song did jason castro receive praise for singing during the semi-finals on american idol? END
START whose recording of hallelujah became successful again after being performed on american idol? END
START on what digital platform were contestants performances released to after airing on american idol? END
START which david archuletta cover was thought to be the best of the season by many? END
START who said it archuletta's rendition is one that she will never forget? END
START which finalist sang "hallelujah" during the semi-finals? END
START castro's performance sent which singer's version to the top of a billboard chart? END
START for the first time, recordings of the contestant's songs could be purchased where? END
START who won season seven of american idol? END
START who was the first rock and roll artist to win american idol? END
START when was the winner announced? END
START who was the winner? END
START what was the name of the first song released by david cook after winning american idol? END
START how was the winning single chose on season seven of american idol? END
START what year did david cook release the single, "the time of my life"? END
START what was the coronation song? END
START when did cook release his version of the time of my life? END
START what year did the eighth season of american idol first air? END
START which contestant from season eight suffered the loss of a spouse? END
START what was mike darnells position at fox in 2009? END
START what month did american idol begin airing its eighth season? END
START when did season eight premiere? END
START who was the president of alternative programming at fox? END
START which contestant received a lot of attention because of his widowhood? END
START who was brought in as a new judge during american idols eighth season? END
START how long did the hollywood round air for in season eight of american idol? END
START what show did nigel lythgoe leave american idol to produce? END
START what venue hosted the hollywood round on american idol for the first time in 2009? END
START why did american idol choose not to have its idol gives back special in 2009? END
START how many judges were on the panel for this season? END
START which judge joined the panel? END
START nigel lythgoe quit the show to focus on what other show? END
START where was the hollywood round moved to? END
START what was canceled for this year of idol? END
START how many finalists were there on season eight of american idol? END
START who was the first contestant to benefit from the judges save? END
START how many contestants were eliminated during the first week after the judges save? END
START how many contestants were sent home during the first week of finals? END
START who was sent home the week after the judges saved matt giraud? END
START how many finalists were on this season? END
START how many finalists were eliminated during the first results show? END
START which contestant was saved with the first judges' save? END
START who were the final two contestants on season eight of american idol? END
START who won season eight of american idol? END
START what state is american idol winner kris allen from? END
START how many votes were cast in the american idol finale in season eight? END
START who won the season? END
START the only prior season to have matching controversy over the winner was? END
START how many votes were cast for the final two? END
START who was accused of teaching the public how to power text for the winner? END
START what was the name of the song that kris allen and adam lamber released after american idol? END
START who helped write the song "no boundaries"? END
START what was the coronation song for this season? END
START who co-wrote the coronation song? END
START unlike every previous winner, the winner of this season failed to achieve what status? END
START how many contestants from this season reached platinum album status? END
START what year did season nine of american idol first air? END
START who filled the judges spot vacated by paula abdul on season nine of american idol? END
START at what point during season 9 of american idol did ellen degeneres become a judge? END
START when did season nine premiere? END
START which original judge left prior to the start of the season? END
START who replaced abdul? END
START when did ellen join the judges' panel? END
START which contestant had to go to the hospital during the week of the top 20? END
START what producer wanted to remove crystal bowersox from the competition? END
START why was crystal bowersox in the hospital during the week of the top 20 on american idol? END
START which contestant had type-i diabetes? END
START when was crystal hospitalized? END
START what was changed so she could still qualify? END
START who did bowersox later reveal wanted her to be disqualified? END
START what role does warwick have on the show? END
START which contestant was saved by the judges in season nine of american idol? END
START at what point did the judges use their save on american idols ninth season? END
START who was the first american idol contestant to return to the show as a mentor? END
START how much money was brought in by the idol gives back special on season nine of american idol? END
START who was saved with the judges' save? END
START which former contestant was a mentor this season? END
START who had their final season in the show in season nine? END
START why did paula abdul appear on the season nine finale of american idol? END
START who had a special tribute at the finale? END
START which former idol star made an appearance for cowell's tribute? END
START who was the winner of american idols ninth season? END
START what u2 song was released by lee dewyze after winning american idol? END
START when was the finale held? END
START what song did dewyze cover for his first release? END
START which song did bowersox cover for her first release? END
START what year did season ten of american idol first air? END
START in which season of american idol did steven tyler and jennifer lopez become judges? END
START who replace weekly mentors as a more permanent mentor on american idols tenth season?  END
START what show did simon cowell join after leaving american idol? END
START who was the executive producer of american idols tenth season? END
START when did season ten premiere? END
START who returned as executive producer this season? END
START which two new judges joined randy jackson on the judges' panel? END
START who was the in-house mentor this season? END
START what was the first season of american idol to feature online auditions? END
START what website hosted auditions for american idols tenth season? END
START how did karen rodriguez audition for american idol season ten? END
START this is the first season to have what kind of auditions? END
START where could contestants submit a video audition? END
START which contestant had a fiancé that had suffered brain damage? END
START in which round was chris medina eliminated n season ten of american idol? END
START which season ten contestant was in the hospital instead of at the top 13 results show? END
START which contestants did the judges save on season ten of american idol? END
START which contestant cared for his brain-damaged fiancee? END
START when was medina eliminated from the competition? END
START which contestant suffered from ulcerative colitis? END
START which show did abrams miss because he was in the hospital? END
START what contestant came in ninth on season ten of american idol? END
START what actor was upset when pia toscano was eliminated on american idol? END
START which fan favorite was unexpectedly eliminated earlier than expected? END
START which actor criticized toscano's elimination? END
START what genre of music did season ten american idol contestant lauren alaina sing? END
START who was the winner of american idols tenth season? END
START what song did scotty mccreery first release after winning american idol? END
START what song did lauren alaina release after coming in second on american idol? END
START what is the name of the successful album that ruben studdard released in 2003? END
START when was the season finale of idol? END
START scotty's first album reached the top billboard spot, the first time for an idol winner since when? END
START in what year did american idol first air its eleventh season? END
START how many contestants made it to the finals on season 11 of american idol? END
START what contestant was removed from the competition for concealing legal troubles? END
START when did season 11 premiere? END
START who joined the finalists, making it a top 25? END
START when was jones removed from the show? END
START why was jones disqualified? END
START which season 11 contestant had to go to the hospital before the top 13 results? END
START why was phillip phillips hospitalized during his time on american idol? END
START how many times did phillip phillips have surgery when he was on american idol? END
START which contestant thought about leaving the contest because of pain in his kidney? END
START which contestant had eight surgeries during his idol run? END
START what kind of pain did phillips endure? END
START which contestant was saved by the judges on season 11 of american idol? END
START who was the first female to be saved by the judges on american idol? END
START who was eliminated the week after judges saved jessica sanchez on american idol? END
START how far did jessica sanchez make it on american idol? END
START when did the judges use their save this season? END
START who was the recipient of the judges' save? END
START which contestant was sent home the following week? END
START what former contestant did ace young ask to marry him? END
START in what season was ace young a finalist on american idol? END
START in what season did diana degarmo come in second on american idol? END
START which season was ace young on? END
START which season was diana degarmo on? END
START what is the first song that phillip phliips released after winning american idol? END
START what is the name of the song that jessica sanchez released first after american idol? END
START what was phillip's coronation song? END
START what song did sanchez release? END
START which song is the best selling coronation song of all idol seasons? END
START what year did season 12 of american idol first air? END
START what was mariah careys position on season 12 of american idol? END
START what website showed video of an altercation between mariah carey and nicki minaj? END
START when did season 12 premiere? END
START how many judges did this season have? END
START how many girls were in the top 10 on season 12 of american idol? END
START who was the last guy to be sent home on season 12 of american idol? END
START how many contestants did this season have? END
START how many weeks in a row were male contestants eliminated? END
START who as the last man to be eliminated? END
START how many contestants were able to perform for two weeks without any eliminations? END
START who was the winner of american idols twelfth season? END
START which contestant came in second on season 12 of american idol? END
START what was the first song released by candice glover after winning american idol? END
START what song did kree harrison first release after being on american idol? END
START who was the runner up? END
START what was glover's first single? END
START what was harrison's first single? END
START this is the first season when what did not happen to the first runner up? END
START which long time judge decided to leave his position at the end of the season? END
START how many seasons was mariah carey a judge on american idol? END
START who announced this would be his final year as a judge? END
START who were the other judges to leave after this season? END
START what year did season 13 of american idol first air? END
START who was the host of american idol in its thirteenth season? END
START what new role did randy jackson assume during american idols thirteenth season? END
START who directed the thirteenth season of american idol? END
START when did season 13 premiere? END
START who was the mentor this season? END
START which former judge came back to the judges' panel this season? END
START which former mentor joined the judges' panel this season? END
START per blankens, jesse ignjatovic, and evan pragger replaced which two executives? END
START which contestant was saved by the judges after getting the least votes on season 13 of american idol? END
START at what point in season 13 did american idol air its 500th show? END
START contestants could perform what in the final rounds for the first time ever? END
START who received the judges' save this season? END
START when did the judges use their save on woolf? END
START what episode was the 500th of the entire series? END
START who won season 13 of american idol? END
START who came in second on season 13 of american idol? END
START what song did caleb johnson first release after winning american idol?  END
START what song did jena irene release after coming in second on american idol?  END
START who was the runner up this season? END
START what was johnson's coronation song? END
START what was irene's coronation song? END
START what year did american idol first air its fourteenth season? END
START who was the host of american idol in its fourteenth season?  END
START which former contestant replaced keith urban for auditions in new york city? END
START what was keith urbans position on american idol in its fourteenth season?  END
START who did not come back as a mentor in season 14? END
START when did season 14 premiere? END
START who took urban's spot at the new york auditions? END
START how many episodes did american idol have each week of the top ten? END
START what drink company ended their relationship with american idol in season 14? END
START what car company had a relationship with american idol in season 14? END
START what record label had a contract with the winner of american idols fourteenth season? END
START starting this season, how many episodes of idol aired every week? END
START who ended their sponsorship this season? END
START what other company reduced their sponsorship this season? END
START this season, the winner won a recording contract with what company? END
START who won american idols fourteenth season? END
START who came in second on american idol in season 14? END
START who came in third on american idol in season 14? END
START what was the name of nick fradianis victory song? END
START what song did jax release after coming in third on american idol? END
START who won this season of idol? END
START who was the runner up of idol? END
START what was nick's coronation song? END
START what was beckham's first release? END
START which contestant came in third place? END
START what year did fox announce the cancellation of american idol? END
START how many seasons of american idol have there been? END
START how many seasons was jennifer lopez a judge on american idol?  END
START what was keith urbans role on american idols fifteenth season? END
START who hosted american idol in its last season? END
START when did fox announce that season 15 would be the final season? END
START who is returning as host? END
START as of 2012, how many finalists did american idol have?  END
START when did american idol begin?  END
START what region of the united states were american idols first five winners from?  END
START what state is american idol contestant clay aiken from? END
START what state is american idol contestant chris daughtry from?  END
START how many idol winners have come from the southern part of america? END
START in addition to clay aiken and kellie pickler, which other idol is from north carolina? END
START how many cds from american idol contestants had been sold at the beginning of 2010?  END
START in the same study, how much more likely was someone from kentucky to tune into the show? END
START how many cds were sold by idol contestants up to 2010? END
START of the cds sold, how many were by the contestants with southern ties? END
START who won season five of american idol?  END
START what state is taylor hicks from?  END
START where do people in the southern united states often begin singing?  END
START where do a lot of people get their start in singing in the south? END
START where is taylor hicks from? END
START what does the acronym wgwg stand for?  END
START who won season eleven of american idol?  END
START what is the name of the book written by richard rushfield about american idol?  END
START how many seasons in a row were won by caucasian guitar playing males?  END
START what instrument did the winners for five seasons in a row play? END
START what is the wgwg factor? END
START who wrote american idol: the untold story? END
START who was named the winner of season 11? END
START what company are contestants required to sign a contract with on american idol? END
START who won season two of american idol?  END
START who came in second on season two of american idol?  END
START what year did vote for the worst cease operations?  END
START how many more text votes were there in season eight of american idol over season seven?  END
START which season had the biggest voting controversy? END
START which season had a voting controversy because of a huge increase in text votes? END
START which voting concern has been present since the first season? END
START when did vote for the girls start? END
START when did vote for the worst close? END
START what is the name of the special that raises money for charities on american idol? END
START how much money has american idol raised for charity with its idol gives back specials?  END
START what is the name of the charity that idol has? END
START when was the first idol gives back? END
START what year did american idol being to air on television?  END
START how many people watched the first episode of american idol?  END
START how many people on average watched the american idol finale in its first season?  END
START what season of the year did american idol first air on television?  END
START when did american idol premiere? END
START how many people watched the first episode of american idol? END
START what was the average for viewership by finale night? END
START how many people watched the first episode of american idols second season?  END
START how many people on average tuned in to watch american idol in its second season?  END
START what contestant won the second season of american idol?  END
START during what season did american idol become the highest rated show across all demographics?  END
START which season of american idol was watched by the most people?  END
START how many people watched the second season premiere of american idol? END
START how many people watched on average for season two? END
START by what season was american idol the most watched show on tv? END
START which season premier of american idol was the most watched? END
START during which season to american idols rating begin to fall? END
START what did other television networks refer to american idol as because of its ratings? END
START which television network originally aired the cosby show?  END
START which season premiere was the most watched of all seasons? END
START what was the show called by other networks? END
START season six saw what for the first time in viewership? END
START season six was the first season where what had more viewers? END
START during which season of american idol did fox beat the other networks in ratings for the first time?  END
START why were television ratings down across the board during american idols seventh season?  END
START on what season was kristy lee cook a contestant on american idol?  END
START who was eliminated during the lowest rated show since season one? END
START what was the series' third most watched finale? END
START because of the rebound in viewers, fox became what for the first time? END
START what happened in 2007-2008 that had a drop in viewers for all networks? END
START which television network aired the winter olympics in 2010?  END
START which television network originally aired all in the family?  END
START in what year did nbc beat american idol in the ratings for the first time? END
START what finally beat idol in the ratings during season nine? END
START how many people watched the 2010 winter olympics on february 17 as compared to the 18.4 million who tuned into idol? END
START at the end of season nine, american idol remained on top as the most watched show for how many years in a row? END
START what was the average age of american idols viewers in its first season?  END
START what was the average age of american idols viewers in its tenth season?  END
START what is the median age of viewers this season? END
START what was the median age for viewers for season one? END
START for how many years was american idol the top rated show on television?  END
START what program saw more viewers than american idol this season? END
START how long did fox reign in the 18-49 demographics in the nielsen ratings? END
START how many people on average watched season 12 of american idol?  END
START during which season did american idol fall out of the top ten shows in ratings?  END
START when did american idol first air on television?  END
START the season finale for season 12 had how many fewer viewers than season 11? END
START how many viewers watched on average this season? END
START what drink company ended its relationship with american idol during season 14? END
START how many people watched american idols finale in season 14? END
START after what season will american idol be cancelled?  END
START when did fox announce the following season would be idol's last? END
START how many people watched the season 14 finale? END
START for how many years was american idol the highest rated reality show on television? END
START for how many years was fox the highest rated network with young adults because of american idol?  END
START what television network originally aired the show glee? END
START what television network originally aired the show house?  END
START who created american idol?  END
START what dancing show featuring celebrities has been helped by american idol? END
START what is another singing show similar to american idol?  END
START what show helped launched the career of kelly clarkson?  END
START what show helped launched the career of carrie underwood?  END
START what show helped launched the career of daughtry?  END
START how many number one billboard singles were released by american idol contestants in the shows first decade?  END
START who is the president of mediabase?  END
START who was the most successful american idol winner on radio as of 2010?  END
START how many number ones have idol singers achieved on billboard charts in just the first ten years? END
START who authored books on billboard charts? END
START how many contestants had at least one million radio spins by 2010? END
START how many radio spins did kelly clarkson have by 2010? END
START how many albums have been sold by american idol contestants up until 2013? END
START how many single have been sold by american idol contestants up until 2013?  END
START how many albums have idol contestants created as of 2013? END
START how many singles and digital downloads have idol contestants created as of 2013? END
START which american idol contestant won an oscar for dreamgirls?  END
START what job does debra byrd do on american idol?  END
START in what area of the entertainment industry have some idol contestants found success? END
START which idol won an academy award? END
START what film did jennifer hudson win an academy award for? END
START who recommended the role for hudon? END
START what publication does ken tucker work for?  END
START what did american idols first winner sing at the lincoln memorial in 2002?  END
START which journalist felt idol produced entertaining tv more than entertaining music? END
START which publication did tucker work for? END
START who called american idol a conniving multimedia monster? END
START where did the season one winner sing the national anthem that received huge criticism? END
START what publication does michael slezak write for? END
START who was accused of being mean and cruel on american idol?  END
START what singer had bad things to say about contestants on american idol?  END
START what magazine does ramin wetoodeh write for?  END
START sheryl crow felt the show undermined art and promoted what? END
START who said that american idol has reshaped the american songbook? END
START who was accused of helping meanness thrive? END
START which singer said the contestants are not real artists with self respect? END
START what famous singer declined an offer to be a judge on american idol after having been a mentor?  END
START what year did carrie underwood win a country music award for best female artist?  END
START what singer criticized carrie underwood for winning a country music award?  END
START who felt that american idol helped the true art form of music get lost? END
START who won the best female artist in country music awards in 2006? END
START who did carrie beat out for the award? END
START who said that carrie had not paid her dues to win that award? END
START who was a mentor but later turned down the opportunity to judge idol? END
START which music genre has had the most success from american idol?  END
START which genre has felt the impact of idol the most? END
START how many nominations has american idol received for outstanding reality competition program?   END
START what director win an emmy award for his work on american idol?  END
START how many total emmy awards has american idol won?  END
START what american idol special received a governors award in 2007? END
START how many times was american idol nominated for an emmy? END
START what award did american idol win for its idol gives back charity work? END
START how much money did american idol make in 2004? END
START how much money did american idol generate from its first eight seasons?  END
START what is the name of the american idol theme attraction with disney?  END
START how much money did american idol generate from ads in its seventh season? END
START who did idol partner with to create the american idol experience? END
START in which season did american idol become the costliest show for advertising on television?  END
START how much did advertisers spend for a 30 second ad spot on the american idol season four finale? END
START how much did advertisers spend for a 30 second ad spot during american idol in 2014?  END
START how much did advertisers spend for a 30 second ad spot during american idol in its seventh season?  END
START by what season was idol the  highest advertising cost of all shows? END
START how much did idol earn in ad revenue alone for season 8? END
START in which season did coca-cola become a sponsor of american idol?  END
START in which season did ford motor company become a sponsor of american idol?  END
START which mobile carrier became a sponsor of american idol in its second season?  END
START when did coca-cola stop being a sponsor of american idol?  END
START in which season did itunes begin a partnership with american idol?  END
START how much did it cost each company for the first season? END
START how much did it cost each company in season 7? END
START who was the third largest sponsor? END
START what service did at&t promote on american idol as a way of voting?  END
START how many product placements had idol shown by season six? END
START which major drink manufacturer decided at the beginning of american idol not to be a sponsor?  END
START what show did pepsico begin sponsoring in hopes of not missing another opportunity like american idol?  END
START which soda company did not want to sponsor american idol? END
START in hopes of not repeating another mistake, which show did pepsico sponsor? END
START pepsico fell to what place by 2010, which is in part credited with refusing to sponsor american idol? END
START which season of american idol had the highest profit on its tour? END
START what company was a sponsor of the american idol tour in its ninth season?  END
START who was added to the tour in season 12? END
START who sponsored the first seven tours? END
START who sponsored the ninth tour? END
START which was the most successful tour? END
START when did itunes become a sponsor on american idol?  END
START for how many seasons did american idol put out a compilation of hits at seasons end?  END
START what company has released studio recordings from american idol since season seven? END
START idol releases both the performances as well as what for sale? END
START how were the recordings released for the initial five seasons? END
START because all five were in the top ten of billboard's charts, this made idol what? END
START who joined idol as a sponsor in season seven? END
START what company has the right to all recordings from contestants on american idol? END
START what company took over as american idols music label in 2010? END
START what company had released music from american idol in addition to sony music entertainment?  END
START who owns 19 recordings? END
START who owns the rights to all phonographic material done by the contestants? END
START who did 19 initially partner with to distribute the recordings? END
START who did bmg partner with in 2005-2007? END
START who replaced sony in 2010 as idol's music label? END
START what company has a them park attraction known as the american idol experience?  END
START in what year did the walt disney company open the american idol experience?  END
START in what year did the walt disney company close the american idol experience?  END
START what company had a partnership with the walt disney company for the american idol experience?  END
START when did the american idol experience open? END
START where did it open? END
START what did the winner win? END
START when did the experience close? END
START how many different countries air american idol on television?  END
START what network broadcasted american idol live in canada for thirteen seasons?  END
START in what year did ctv stop showing live broadcasts of american idol?  END
START what canadian network began airing american idol in 2015?  END
START how many nations receive the idol broadcast? END
START who aired the first thirteen seasons in canada? END
START who stated in august 2014 that they picked up the rights beginning in its 2015 season? END
START what network in italy aired american idol in season twelve?  END
START how many days does someone in the united kingdom have to wait to watch american idol after its original broadcast?  END
START what television network in asia shows american idol?  END
START on what days of the week does american idol air in the philippines?  END
START who broadcasts idol in southeast asia? END
START who broadcast the 12th season in italy? END
START producers have been accused of planting what within the show? END
START how many consecutive years was american idol the top rated show? END
START how many consecutive years did either the performance or results show rank number one? END
START what is the three word latin name for domesticated dogs? END
START what is canis familiaris? END
START how long has the domestic dog been selectively bred? END
START along with various behaviors and physical attributes, what were domestic dogs bred for? END
START what decade had significant studies of dog genes to determine origins? END
START testing revealed today's dogs trace back by how many years? END
START what is the region where domesticated dogs ancestry traces to? END
START what type of diet can modern domesticated dogs thrive eating that other dogs cannot? END
START what was undertaken in 2010 to determine where dogs originated from? END
START what is the most common phrase, or nickname, used by people in the united states to describe dogs in general? END
START what moniker has been given to dogs in western cultures? END
START dogs are a source of what in some cultures? END
START what is the proto-germanic word that "dog" may have come from? END
START what may be the earliest vocabulary that the word "dog" came from? END
START where does the word dog originate? END
START dog could also come from the original layer of what vocabulary? END
START what was the common 14th-century word for dogs for those who spoke english? END
START what breed was so prolific it became a prototype of hound? END
START in what century did "hound" start to only apply to hunting dogs? END
START what was the common term for all domesticated dogs in england during the 14th century? END
START when did the word dog become the common term for canines? END
START hound became the term for dogs who did what activity during this time? END
START what proto-indo-european word is hound from? END
START what are a single birth group of puppies of a dog called collectively? END
START what is the male who is father of the pups called? END
START what is the french word that "puppy" comes from? END
START what is giving birth to dogs called? END
START what is the english word for female dog that has also become profanity? END
START a male canine is called a dog while a female canine is called a what in reference to breeding? END
START what are canine offspring referred as? END
START what is the father of a litter referred as? END
START what is the mother of a litter referred as? END
START what are the individual litter canines called? END
START what is the latin term for "dog.?" END
START what year are dogs first listed in systema naturae? END
START who published systema naturae? END
START what is the modern single english word for canis lupus? END
START what 1982 publication listed regular family dogs under wolves? END
START what is the latin word for dog? END
START canis familiaris is the classification for dogs, and is known as what? END
START what is the latin name for a wolf? END
START feral dogs have what latin classification? END
START what year was canis familiaris listed under canis lupus? END
START what year was it decided that if wolves and dogs were one species, then their scientific name is the name of the wild variety? END
START what 2005 publication in its third edition kept to that ruling? END
START what latin dog term is still used because wild and domesticated dogs are recognizably different? END
START what official body recognizes both canis lupus and canis familiaris? END
START many researchers prefer what term? END
START who ruled in 2003 that scientific names for wild animals share the same scientific name as their domestic counterparts? END
START what was this decision called? END
START what indicated dogs and gray wolves developed as two monophyletic clades? END
START the common relative of dogs and existing wolves is now considered what? END
START modern dogs likely began when human beings were considered to be what? END
START due to admixture, what species are many arctic dogs related to? END
START rather than with agriculturists, dogs seemingly were during the time of who? END
START most breeds share a genetic likeness to what animal? END
START some arctic breeds are more like what wolf rather than the gray wolf? END
START what species shows more difference in size, looks and actions than any other? END
START what are dog teeth best suited for? END
START dogs are considered to be predators and what else? END
START what bones in dog legs are fused? END
START a dog's heart and vascular ability if best suited for sprinting and what else? END
START what are a dog's teeth mainly used for? END
START dogs originated as predators and what? END
START dogs show an extreme range in what two characteristics? END
START what breed was the largest dog known to have lived? END
START what is the biggest known dog? END
START which coat is more common with dogs living in colder climates? END
START along with a gruff guard hair, what else makes up the double coat? END
START what is the more common coat for dogs from colder climates? END
START what is a single coat? END
START when a dog has a camouflage pattern on its coat, this is called what? END
START a dog with countershading has dark coloring where? END
START a natural camo pattern is known as what? END
START what color is on a dogs upper surfaces if it has countershading? END
START what is reduced when a dog has countershading? END
START what part of a dog can be straight, curly or cork-screwed? END
START what does a dog communicate with its tail? END
START what part of a dog can be straight, curled, or cork-screwed? END
START what are some dogs prone to? END
START what are all dogs susceptible to? END
START pyometra usually affects what type of female dog? END
START who does pyometra affect? END
START what are fleas, ticks and mites called? END
START some foods that are okay for people to eat are what to dogs? END
START grapes, raisins, onions, garlic and what common sugar alcohol (sweetener) is toxic to dogs? END
START what type of nut is poisonous to dogs? END
START what is the chemical in chocolate that is poisonous to dogs? END
START some human foods can be what to dogs? END
START what in tobacco can hurt dogs? END
START what form of chocolate is especially toxic to dogs? END
START mutts, dogs that have several breed characteristics, live how much longer than purebred dogs? END
START do bigger dogs typically have longer or shorter lives? END
START when was a study done that discovered mixed breeds tend to live longer than pure breeds? END
START typically, how much longer do mixed breeds live? END
START what is the median lifespan of canines? END
START what is the canine breed with shortest median lifespan? END
START what is the median length of life for the canine breed that lives the least amount of years? END
START what is the average lifespan of an irish wolfhound? END
START which dog has the shortest lifespan? END
START what is the average lifespan for a dogue de borddeaux? END
START what is the average length of years of life for canines with long lifespans? END
START what is the name of the canine that is reported to have lived the longest? END
START what is the name of the dog in the guinness book of world records for longest lived? END
START what year did the dog die that is reported to be the longest lived but not officially in a record book? END
START what was the name of the dog who lived to be 29.5 years? END
START when did bluey die? END
START who did the guinness book of world records say was the oldest dog in 2011? END
START how many times per year do female dogs go into heat? END
START what does going into heat (estrous) prepare a female dog for? END
START some larger breeds could take how long to become sexually mature? END
START what does a female dog experience at sexual maturity? END
START how long do female dogs carry before delivering puppies? END
START what is the average length of dog pregnancy? END
START what is the average number of pups in a litter? END
START for small dogs, what is the average number of pups in a litter? END
START what is the average for a dog to bear her litter? END
START what is the average number of pups per litter? END
START smaller dogs tend to have how many pups per litter? END
START what is it called when an animal is altered to prevent procreation? END
START according to the text, what agency recommends altering dogs to prevent pregnancies? END
START what is typically surgically removed on male dogs to prevent procreation? END
START what is usually removed in female dogs to prevent pregnancy? END
START in neutering, what is removed in a male dog? END
START in neutering, what is removed in female dogs? END
START what does the aspca recommend for dogs who are not used for breeding purposes? END
START hypersexual behavior in male dogs is diminished by what? END
START according to the text, what is a possible side effect of neutering a female dog? END
START female dogs are less likely to develop cancer if what happens? END
START what is increased in female dogs with neutering? END
START what is increased in male dogs with neutering? END
START what is the name of the dog that could id over 200 things? END
START what is the name of the border collie that knew over 1000 words? END
START in addition to interpreting body language and verbal commands dogs can also interpret what two other things? END
START what wild canine did better at a problem-solving experiment? END
START what is one thing, according to the text, that domesticated dogs use humans for? END
START perceiving information and retaining it is what? END
START how many labels does rico the dog know? END
START what kind of memory skills do dogs have? END
START how many words did chaser know? END
START dogs are estimated to be domesticated as far back as what date range of years on the calendar? END
START dog minds have been shaped by thousands of years of contact with what species? END
START what do some dog skills parallel in human beings? END
START dogs are  very well attuned to what other species' behaviors? END
START dogs can understand and communicate with what other species? END
START what is a dog's responses to stimuli known as? END
START more than any other species, dogs are able to do what with people? END
START dogs have some social skills that parallel what? END
START what is gustatory communication include in dogs? END
START people communicate with dogs by voice commands, body language or posture and what else? END
START eye gaze, vocalization and body posture are examples of what? END
START in addition to vocalization and body posture, how do people communicate with dogs? END
START which typically has thicker skin, dogs or wolves? END
START dogs having ears that are not erect may be due to what? END
START what kind of features differentiate gray wolves from dogs? END
START how often do female wolves enter estrus? END
START instead of genetic traits for production, dogs are bred for what? END
START how many "fixed" genes demonstrate the differences between the wolf and dog? END
START the gene differences indicate what two things done by selection in dogs during breeding for domestication? END
START what is the common trait selected for dogs in overall breeding? END
START what do most dogs show less of than wolves? END
START most domestic animals were selected for what traits? END
START why were dogs initially selected? END
START for wolves and dogs, how many fixed genes show a variation? END
START dogs show less fear and what as opposed to wolves? END
START what is the larger count for numbers of dogs considered to populate the planet? END
START how many dogs are estimated to be in the world? END
START what are dog population estimates based on other than land uses? END
START like wolves, big domesticated dogs are considered what type of predator? END
START wolves may act in what behavioral manner when attacking dogs? END
START what animal is reported to be killed more often than sheep by wolves in croatia? END
START like wolves, what kind of predators are large dogs? END
START dogs die as a result of croatian wolf encounters more than what kind of animal? END
START what limits the feral dog population in russia? END
START what large cat has a particular taste for dogs no matter how big the dog is? END
START what is a typical predator of dogs in places such as turkmenistan? END
START what two reptiles kill dogs and consume them? END
START what big cat has a tendency to attack dogs? END
START what big cats in indonesia also attack dogs? END
START what type of reptiles eat dogs? END
START what is a known predator of village dogs in india? END
START dogs exhibit carnivore as well as what other type of dietary behavior? END
START dogs can digest meat as well as what else? END
START cats are known as what type of carnivore? END
START because of what they eat, dogs are classified as what? END
START dogs do not require a very high level of what when eating? END
START dogs have genes that allow them to thrive on what when compared to wolves, who cannot? END
START the majority of dog breeds have only been around for how long? END
START people selected dogs they wanted based on what two things? END
START hundreds of different dog breeds exist because of what? END
START height measurements in dogs go from six inches for chihuahuas to 30 inches in what breed? END
START how old are most dog breeds? END
START how many different breeds are there? END
START gray color is often called what when referring to dogs? END
START natural selection and what makes certain dogs behave certain ways? END
START what distinguishes different types of dogs from one another? END
START who keeps classifications of different dog breeds? END
START what is responsible for different dog types and breeds today? END
START animals that share characteristics that are different than what other animals in that species have is known as what? END
START modern dog breeds are what type of classification which is maintained by modern kennel clubs? END
START the methods kennel clubs used to classify dogs is what? END
START a scientific study of dog genetics has shown only how many  types of dogs being determinably distinct? END
START what, according to the text, are two examples of "old world" dogs? END
START the border collie is an example of what type of dog? END
START how many main types of dogs are there? END
START what type of dogs are shar peis? END
START what are the other modern and hunting types of dogs called? END
START what is one of the complex behaviors pet dogs have gotten from wolves? END
START what may make dogs have the ability to be trained by, play with and fit in with people? END
START higher social attributes  and human relationships may have caused dogs to reach what as a species? END
START what is a complex behavior that dogs inherited from wolves? END
START dogs had a worth to what type of early humans? END
START dogs have hunted with and done other things for people for a long time, but what is a more recent help to people they provide? END
START because of a dog's resourcefulness to people, they have been given what nickname? END
START some cultures treat dogs as what rather than companions? END
START what did dogs clean up to help with keeping habitations of people clean? END
START what do australian aborigines call a frigid night?  END
START what did a dog's good hearing help humans with? END
START how could dogs have helped with sanitation issues in camps? END
START what is the australian aboriginal expression that indicates a very cold night? END
START what type of hunting is it called when humans and dogs hunt together? END
START what year was research completed to demonstrate humans benefited by having dogs hunt with them? END
START what would have been the top benefit for dogs in camps? END
START the successful mixing of dogs with hunting is often given as a primary reason for what? END
START what type of working dog may have been the reason so many humans were able to get into north america 12,000 tears ago? END
START what did ancient people walk across from siberia into north america? END
START how old are the oldest findings of dogs in north america? END
START evidence places dogs in north america when? END
START dogs were the only domesticated animals for what north american population? END
START dogs contributed to what migration 1400 years ago? END
START people still used dogs as pack animals even after what other animal began being used for this purpose? END
START a grave from 12,000 bc was found to contain an older person and what else? END
START what two species have the most widespread bonding? END
START when did more people begin to keep dogs as pets? END
START what decade showed a change in the way people kept dogs as pets? END
START in the 1950s and 1960s most dogs where kept where? END
START historically, who in particular had dogs as companions? END
START dogs were kept where in the 1950s and 1960s as compared to today? END
START when did the role of dogs change to be more than guardians or walking companions? END
START shaping dogs to what people want is called what? END
START the idea of what constitutes a family, from the human perspective, has enlarged to include what? END
START how many big trends are involved in how much the position of dogs has changed in human civilization? END
START when a person shapes a dog to conform to his expectations of behavior, it is called what? END
START a second major trend has been increasing the idea of family and home to include dogs in what? END
START it is easy to turn a canine into the perfect companion because so much of what is available? END
START dog training can be researched back to what century? END
START how do dogs establish their territory as far as scent is concerned? END
START how far back can dog training be found? END
START how do dogs mark their territory? END
START what has become important to ensure dogs do not do things that humans don't want them to do, such as jumping? END
START how do most people describe the relationship with their dogs? END
START what television show uses a dominance model of dog and human relationships? END
START most people today describe their dogs as what? END
START what tv show promotes a dominance model for the relationships people have with their dogs? END
START a study showed that a task dogs do is bringing in what from the lawn? END
START dogs often help clean in the kitchen by licking what? END
START in addition to dog dancing, what is another activity that families are doing that is centered around their pet? END
START what do many dogs have to do in the families where they live? END
START what are dogs often taught to bring in from outdoors? END
START the national pet owner survey reported how many people had pet dogs in america between 2009 and 2010? END
START how many people in the united states are said to own dog? END
START what type of imaging was used to study the relationship between humans and dogs? END
START an mri study on dogs proved that dogs have the same response as humans to what? END
START an mri study on dogs proved that dogs use the same parts of what as humans? END
START because dogs respond to voices the same way humans do, they are able to recognize what in human sounds, making them social? END
START what technology was used to show that dogs respond to voices in the same brain parts as people? END
START dogs have the ability to recognize what type of human sounds? END
START what nickname have dogs earned for their relationship to humans? END
START pointers and hounds are bred to do what? END
START certain dogs are bred to help fishermen with what? END
START who was the first dog to orbit the earth in 1957? END
START what breed was laika? END
START what phrase describing dogs is used in different languages? END
START what dog types, in the text, are used for hunting? END
START some dogs help fishermen with what? END
START what is the name of the dog to first orbit the earth? END
START what year was the first dog sent into space? END
START what kind of dogs help people with physical or mental disabilities? END
START early warning allows epileptics to get to safety, get medication or what else? END
START what are conformation shows also known as? END
START who evaluates dogs at breed shows? END
START what is the judge looking for in specific breeds? END
START what is the only standard judged? END
START what is another word for "breed shows"? END
START what is the evaluator called in a breed show? END
START the breed standard only is about what? END
START abilities and what else are not tested at breed shows? END
START where do some people eat dogs? END
START in addition to others, western culture considers eating dog meat as what? END
START in rural poland areas, what is considered medicinal for lungs? END
START what do people who eat dog meat consider western culture, since people there do eat many different animals? END
START the west, south asia and middle east think eating dogs is what? END
START dog fat in some parts of poland is thought to have what? END
START what is the best known korean dish made with dog meat? END
START what is gaejang-guk? END
START why do people eat gaejang-guk in the summer months? END
START what is dog meat boiled with to create gaejang-guk? END
START when is the korean dog recipe usually eaten? END
START what are two other ingredients in the dog meat recipe in korea? END
START how many people are bitten by dogs every year in america? END
START during the 1980s and 1990s, how many people were killed annually because of dog bites? END
START in the 2000s, how many people died every year because of dog bites? END
START according to a 2008 cdc report, how many are bitten in the united states annually? END
START what decade saw an increase from 17 to 26 deaths caused by dogs? END
START according to a colorado study, dog bites are what in children as compared to adults? END
START out of 10,000 people, how many people are bitten by dogs in the united states? END
START out of 10,000 boys between five and nine years old, how many are bitten annually by dogs? END
START children are often bit where by dogs? END
START a dog scratch can lead to what medical condition? END
START where was the study done that showed dog bites were less serious in children than adults? END
START about 12.9 out of 10,000 are bit by dogs, but what is the number in 10,000 for young boys from 5 to 9? END
START according to the text, dog scratches can cause what? END
START in addition to dogs, what other animal is responsible for over 86,000 falls every year? END
START vehicle accidents with resulting injuries that involve dogs are more common with what type of vehicle? END
START what sort of vehicle is most likely associated with accidents involving dogs? END
START what is the common name of the species that causes toxocariasis? END
START how are toxicara canis infections spread? END
START about how many people get a toxocara infection each year? END
START toxocariasis can lead to what in humans? END
START toxocariasis is caused by what kind of eggs in dog feces? END
START what percentage of people in america are infected with the toxocara infection? END
START how many toxocara infection cases are reported annually in the us? END
START what percentage of soil contained t. canis eggs in great britain public parks? END
START if toxocariasis is left untreated, what can happen to a person? END
START what year did a publication come out indicating having a pet does not mean lower risk of heart disease in the elderly? END
START what is lowered in children who have pets? END
START what year did a report state that research did not support better health for elderly people who own pets? END
START people with dogs get more of what than people with cats or no animals? END
START people with dogs do what more than people who have cats or no pets? END
START what do humans get exposed to with pets that may help them not get sick? END
START dogs can act as a facilitator of what between human beings? END
START what year was the study done that indicated people with pets are more likely to get to know neighbors? END
START what is lessened when people are with their pet dogs? END
START people in wheelchairs have better social interactions with who when dogs are involved? END
START dogs were taken where to help people with mental disorders socialize? END
START therapy dogs can help increase what in people suffering with alzheimer's? END
START what was decreased in children with adhd when they were exposed to therapy dogs? END
START when did people start using dogs as therapy? END
START where were dogs introduced then to help people socialize people? END
START children who have adhd or conduct disorders respond better when what is a part of their treatment plan? END
START people with alzheimer's smile and laugh more with what kind of therapy? END
START what can trained dogs detect by sniffing a person or a sample of their urine? END
START how much larger is a dog brain olfactory cortex when compared to humans? END
START a dog can detect smells in one part per what? END
START how much larger is a dog's olfactory cortex than a person's? END
START how many cancer patients has daisy detected? END
START what is the name of the dog with three heads in greek mythology? END
START what did cerberus guard? END
START what is the name of the dog with four eyes in norse mythology? END
START what is the name of the dog in philippine mythology who is responsible for lightning? END
START kimat is the dog of tadaklan, who is the god of what? END
START in what mythology do two canines watch over the chinvat bridge? END
START who is the three headed watchdog guarding hades? END
START who is the dog that guards helheim? END
START who is tadaklan? END
START who is tadaklan's pet that is responsible for lightning? END
START in hindu mythology, what do the two dogs who are owned by the god of death watch over? END
START what is the name of the god of death? END
START offerings at the muthappan temple shrine take on what form? END
START who owns two dogs with four eyes each in hindu mythology? END
START what do yama's dogs watch over? END
START what does muthappan use for his hunting dog for? END
START offerings left at the muthappan temple shrine take on what form? END
START how are dogs viewed in islam? END
START why are dogs viewed as unclean in islam? END
START what city made owing dogs illegal in 2015? END
START in britain, a dog used in a search at a mosque or a home occupied by muslims must wear what? END
START why are dogs seen as unclean in islam? END
START when did it become illegal for a person to own a dog in the hague? END
START where did activists want dogs kept out of neighborhoods because it violated religious freedom? END
START what are sniffer dogs used by british police allowed to touch instead of a passenger? END
START what do dogs represent to christians? END
START jewish law dictates that anyone owning a dog must feed the dog before who? END
START if a jewish person owns a dog, he must do what to do the dog before he does it to himself? END
START what does a dog represent in the christian culture? END
START three asian countries see dogs as what? END
START what country has the dog as part of its 12 animals that represent years? END
START how are dogs viewed in asian countries? END
START thousands of years ago, dogs were depicted on the walls of what? END
START what scenes were popular in art during the middle ages? END
START dogs were depicted as art on the walls of what? END
START what kind of art scene was popular in the middle ages? END
START as relationships between people and dogs got closer, what happened to the art that had dogs in it? END
START dogs can have the same health issues as who? END
START which dog is not able to mount a female dog? END
START when these feral dogs are approached by a person, they tend to do this 52% of the time? END
START when these feral dogs are approached by a person, they tend to do this 11% of the time? END
START dog cognition has been studied on what kind of dogs? END
START what would wolves have gotten from living with humans? END
START what has likely led to human success? END
START studies that people are better off with dogs have been criticized for being what? END
START people who have cats or dogs make fewer visits where? END
START when did the tradition of people carrying the olympic torch before the olympic games begin? END
START how many days did people carry the olympic torch before the 2008 summer olympics? END
START what was the theme for the torch relay? END
START what did the organizers of the torch relay call it? END
START what was the 2008 olympic slogan? END
START where were the details of the torch relay made known? END
START what was the torch relay referred to as by organizers? END
START how many miles was the olympic torch relayed? END
START what day was the olympic torch lit for the 2008 games? END
START where did the olympics originate? END
START when did the olympic torch reach beijing? END
START how many continents did the torch visit after beijing? END
START the torch was on what road to symbolize historic links between china and the world? END
START where was the olympic torch lit? END
START what date was the olympic torch lit? END
START what is the name of the stadium in greece were the torch was taken to? END
START what date did the olympic torch arrive at its destination in china? END
START what mountain was the torch taken up? END
START how many people protested on the san francisco torch route? END
START how many people protested at the pyongyang torch route? END
START what were some groups doing along the torch route that was not supportive of the olympics? END
START who put out the torch along the route for protection? END
START who condemned the various attacks on the torch relay route? END
START in san francisco, who had a larger presence than the protesters?  END
START who overwhelmed the protesters in japan? END
START who amassed in large scale against protesters? END
START what was said to have occurred between some supporters and protesters? END
START what three areas of the globe were protests reported as not big? END
START who is the president of the international olympic committee? END
START athletes wearing what kind of flag at any olympic venue faced the possibility of expulsion from the olympics? END
START because of the relay issues, ioc decided to no longer have what in subsequent olympics? END
START what is the name of the man who said the protesting of the torch relay as a "crisis"? END
START what could happen to olympic sports participants who showed a tibetan flag at events? END
START who asked that the torch relay be ended? END
START what was halted with the torch relay for future olympics? END
START the international torch relay was canceled for what event in june 2008? END
START for what events was the torch relay decided to not be held? END
START what is the chinese design used on the olympic torch? END
START what is the olympic torch made from? END
START how much does the olympic torch weigh? END
START what is used to light the flame on the olympic torch? END
START what was the design name of the chinese olympic torch? END
START what metal is the torch constructed from? END
START what wind speed will the torch flame still stay lit in mph? END
START how much rainfall in inches per hour can the torch stay lit under? END
START what fuel is used for the torch? END
START when it was necessary for the olympic torch to be on an airplane, which one was used? END
START what color was the chartered plane? END
START when was it decided that air china would be the official torch carrier? END
START how many days did the plane travel? END
START what type of aircraft did the torch team travel in? END
START what colors was the aircraft painted? END
START what was the name of the airline that transported the olympic torch? END
START how many days did the plane travel with the torch team? END
START how many different places were visited by the aircraft taking the torch team? END
START how many continents did the torch visit? END
START what was the stop that was to happen between ho chi minh city and hong kong? END
START the republic of china felt that the wrong decision could place taiwan on the same level as what two areas? END
START the torch route covered six what? END
START what government disagreed on the language used to describe the torch route? END
START what two places did taiwan not want to be considered equal with in the language of the torch's route description? END
START how many kilometers was the torch supposed to go through taiwan? END
START on what date did the olympic flame get lit? END
START where did the olympic flame get lit? END
START who was the first person to carry the torch? END
START who initially lit the olympic torch? END
START when did demonstrators yell for tibet to be freed? END
START where is the location of the original olympic events? END
START what is the name of the woman who lit the torch for the new games? END
START what medal did the first torchbearer have from prior games? END
START what is the name of the first torchbearer for the 2008 olympics? END
START what place had police experience violent problems with protesters? END
START action was taken to boycott which company? END
START who was the biggest shareholder of carrefour? END
START what did some protesters burn? END
START where were anti-protesters blocked from entering a carrefour store with chinese flags? END
START who was said to have given money to the dalai lama? END
START what method did the chinese government use to ease the boycott situation? END
START what french company was being boycotted? END
START in what publication were chinese people asked to be orderly and legal because of the protests and demonstrations? END
START what is the name of the publication where chinese people were advised to be calm and rational about patriotism? END
START the chinese people were told to show patriotism in an orderly and what manner? END
START what virgin site did the torch visit on april 2? END
START who was the first person to be handed the torch in almaty? END
START who is nursultan nazarbaev? END
START the route in almaty went from medeo stadium to where? END
START what kind of activists were arrested in almaty? END
START what country did the torch get to for the first time? END
START what is the name of the president who was the first torchbearer in almaty? END
START what was the distance in kilometers for the route in kazakhstan? END
START what activists were reported to have been arrested? END
START when was the torch in istanbul? END
START where did the torch end up in istanbul? END
START where did the torch start in instanbul? END
START who protested for their compatriots who were in xinjiang? END
START what city was the olympic torch at on april 3rd? END
START what is the name of the place in the city where the torch relay started in turkey? END
START where did the torch relay finish in turkey? END
START what people in turkey protested for their people living in china? END
START what happened to protesters who tried to interrupt the carrying of the torch? END
START when did the torch arrive in saint petersburg? END
START where was the start of the torch route in saint petersburg? END
START where did the torch route end in saint petersburg? END
START who is the first mma fighter to participate in carrying the olympic torch? END
START where in russia was the first stop for the relay? END
START what city location did the torch relay begin in russia? END
START what was the last location for the relay in russia? END
START what is the name of the mma fighter who carried the torch in russia? END
START which city hosted the 2012 summer olympics? END
START when did the torch route begin in london? END
START how much did security cost for the torch relay in london? END
START what city held the olympics in 2012? END
START where did the torch relay begin in london for the 2008 olympics? END
START where did the relay end in london? END
START how many miles was the relay in england? END
START what word was used by london officials to describe chinese security guards for their treatment of protesters? END
START how many torchbearers took part in the london route? END
START who was the first person to hold the torch for the london route? END
START along with francesca martinez, who decided to not carry the torch? END
START who was outside at 10 downing street to welcome the torch without actually touching it? END
START who got emails asking him to boycott the torch relay? END
START how many people carried the torch in england for the 2008 olympics? END
START what two people in england declined to bear the torch? END
START where did gordon brown welcome the torch? END
START where was an attempt made to take the torch? END
START when did the torch relay in paris occur? END
START where did the paris route start for the torch relay? END
START rather than being carried by an athlete, how did the torch end its route in paris? END
START the flame of the torch was put out when david douillet was ready to hand it to who? END
START what date did the torch relay begin in france? END
START what city in france did the torch relay start at? END
START where location was the torch relay started in the city in paris? END
START about how many police were said to have protected the torch in france? END
START how many times was the torch put out in france die to security concerns? END
START who threw a a tibetan flag from a city hall window? END
START which torchbearer was in a wheelchair? END
START what was jin jing called by ethnic chinese? END
START what was stopped due to protest interruptions? END
START what is the name of the handicapped bearer of the torch? END
START what did the ethnic chinese call the disabled torch bearer? END
START who put a flag of tibet out of the window at city hall? END
START which organization planned several protests? END
START what did reporters without borders scale in order to put a protest banner on it? END
START which cathedral did reporters without borders hang another protest banner? END
START what was hung from the eiffel tower? END
START who climbed the eiffel tower to hang a protest banner? END
START where else was a copy of the banner at eiffel tower hung? END
START where did hundreds of pro-tibet protesters meet? END
START who spoke to the media about china's lack of freedom of speech? END
START who is the president of the french tibetan community that urged protesters to remain peaceful? END
START where did pro-tibetan protesters get together? END
START the trocadéro was not disruptive of the relay and said to have been what? END
START who, of the trocadéro protest, spoke to the media? END
START what did the person who spoke to the media at trocadéro say china lacked? END
START what did the political parties request a brief stop in? END
START what text was on the banner that the politicians unrolled outside? END
START what did mps yell when the torch passed them? END
START various french politicians started protests including members of what? END
START all the french political factions requested a temporary halt to what? END
START why did the banner say that was unveiled during the temporary halt? END
START what did the parliamentary members yell as the relay passed? END
START what did french police take from demonstrators? END
START which newspaper reported that only the chinese could express themselves? END
START where was the only place the tibetan flag could be held? END
START who was the minister of the interior? END
START what did french law enforcement take from protesters? END
START where was the only place tibetan flags were permitted? END
START who said the police acted on their own in taking the flags? END
START who rendered a france 2 camera person unconscious? END
START where did the torch start it's north american route? END
START what day did the torch arrive in san francisco? END
START what is the name of the first north american torchbearer? END
START the route end was changed from justin herman plaza to what? END
START who was the head of the u.s. olympic committee? END
START what city in the united states held the 2008 olympic torch relay? END
START what was the date of the relay in the united states? END
START what is the name of the person who handed off the torch to the torchbearer in the united states 2008 olympic relay? END
START what is the name of the location where the relay ending event was canceled? END
START who approved a resolution concerning human rights on april 1, 2008? END
START the concern was over what in china and tibet? END
START what date was the protest which was led by gere and tutu? END
START when was a resolution agreed to about chinese human rights issues in san francisco? END
START who approved the resolution? END
START where was a protest planned in san francisco? END
START what actor was scheduled to attend a san francisco olympic protest? END
START three protester climbed what to hang two banners on april 7, 2008? END
START laurel sutherlin spoke to which tv station about his concerns? END
START who asked that the san francisco relay route be shortened? END
START what famous bridge had two banners hung from it by protesters? END
START who spoke to station kpix-cbs5 about the bridge banner protests? END
START how many supporters face charges for the bridge stunt? END
START how many activists may be charged with crimes for the bridge stunt? END
START where did the first relay runner disappear to with the torch?? END
START which wheelchair-bound torchbearer was ejected from the relay for showing a tibetan flag? END
START what wheelchair-bound bearer of the olympic torch displayed a tibetan flag? END
START where was the last part of the san francisco torch relay carried through before getting on a bus? END
START where was a makeshift closing ceremony held for the torch relay in san francisco? END
START after the bearer of the torch disappeared into a warehouse, what road did the relay reappear on? END
START when did the olympic torch relay begin in buenos aires? END
START where did the torch route start in buenos aires? END
START who was the mayor of buenos aires? END
START where did the olympic torch relay begin in argentina? END
START what place held an opening show for the relay? END
START what is the name of the mayor who passed off the torch to the first bearer in argentina? END
START who was the first bearer of the torch in argentina? END
START what was showered along the route in some places? END
START what is the name of the activist who promised peaceful protests? END
START what route was planned for an alternative march? END
START what was on the banner that was displayed where the torchbearers would carry the torch? END
START what is the name of the protester who said they would not try to extinguish the torch? END
START where did the other march travel form and to? END
START what was the name given to the torch carried on the alternative march? END
START what did the large banner say that was along the alternative march route? END
START what was the unsanctioned alternative relay called? END
START who was the outreach director of hrtr? END
START what was the non profit that was funded by mark palmer? END
START which footballer decided to not be a torchbearer because of the controversy? END
START how many police officers were in place to avoid controversy along the torch route? END
START what was thrown to try and put out the flame? END
START what is susan prager communication director of? END
START what football star backed out due to relay controversy? END
START how many police officers were part of the security operative? END
START what was tossed at the torch trying to put it out? END
START the protests were considered to be overall what in nature? END
START where was the only african destination for the torch? END
START when did the torch arrive in dar es salaam? END
START where did the route start for the torch in dar es salaam? END
START where was the solitary place the relay was held in africa? END
START what is the name of the railway where the olympic torch relay began in africa? END
START where did the relay terminate in africa? END
START what country paid for the stadium through aid money? END
START who it the torch in africa? END
START which middle east location was the only area the torch visited? END
START when did the torch arrive in muscat? END
START which actress carried the torch for part of the route? END
START where was the only place the olympic torch was carried in the middle east? END
START how far was the relay route in kilometers in the middle east? END
START what is the name of the syrian actress who was one to bear the torch? END
START when did the torch arrive in islamabad? END
START where was an indoor ceremony held since the outdoor relay was cancelled? END
START who spoke at the opening ceremony in islamabad in addition to president musharraf? END
START where did the olympic torch relay start in pakistan? END
START instead of a traditinal relay, where was the track the torch was carried in pakistan? END
START when did the torch visit new delhi? END
START how many runners carried the torch in new delhi? END
START which football captain did not participate in the relay to show support for tibet? END
START how many torchbearers did not participate because of their concerns with tibet? END
START where did the torch relay happen in india? END
START how long was the route in india in miles? END
START how many bearers of the torch were used in india? END
START how many bearers decided not to participate? END
START what is the name of the footballer who refused to be a part of the relay? END
START the security given to the torch relay in new delhi is reminiscent of the security of what? END
START the chinese presented a list of vulnerable relay locations to who? END
START who supposedly cancelled a trip to beijing in protest? END
START who was said to have canceled an official trip to china in protest? END
START at what time in the middle of the night was the diplomat summoned? END
START the olympic relay had the same security precautions taken as what other special day? END
START what kind of targets do republic day events present as? END
START how many people comprised the tibetan exile community? END
START india refused china's request that the tibetan exile community be avoided because they said india is what? END
START where is the exiled tibetan government? END
START how many tibetan exiles are said to be in india? END
START a wholesale ban on what was denied? END
START what olympic group was denied by india? END
START what deteriorated between india and china? END
START who said they did not support relay interruptions? END
START who did not want to participate in the relay as 'caged woman'? END
START where was bedi retired from? END
START which actress decided to not participate on april 15? END
START when did a protest in delhi occur to protest against chinese repression in tibet? END
START what retired police officer refused to carry the torch in india? END
START what actress removed herself from participation in the relay? END
START where was a protest organized about the olympic relay in india? END
START who disbanded the protest in delhi? END
START the retired police officer said she would not run as what? END
START when did the olympic torch reach bangkok? END
START who is the green world foundation chairwoman who refused to participate in the relay? END
START the media was told that the chinese supplied with shirts and transportation? END
START when did the torch go through bankok? END
START the relay route was a little over how many kilometers? END
START who were told they would be banned from reentering thailand? END
START what scheduled bearer of the torch boycotted? END
START when did the torch visit malaysia? END
START what is the capital city of malaysia? END
START where did the route begin in malaysia? END
START prior to the 2008 games, when did malaysia last see an olympic torch relay? END
START what is the location of the start of the relay in malaysia? END
START where did the relay end in malaysia? END
START what year was the last torch relay event in malaysia? END
START how many special police protected the relay event? END
START which supporters protested near the chinese embassy in malaysia? END
START supporters of what demonstrated at the chinese embassy in malaysia? END
START what were a japanese family who unveiled a tibetan flag hit with? END
START what did the chinese group yell? END
START what did chinese volunteers take from two malaysian demonstrators? END
START when did the olympic torch visit jakarta? END
START who requested that the original route be cancelled? END
START along with invited people, who were the only other people allowed in the stadium? END
START where did the torch relay begin in indonesia? END
START how many kilometers was the planned route that was cancelled? END
START why was the first route not taken? END
START what type of facility was the torch carried at instead. END
START where did protests occur when non one except invited guests and the press were allowed inside the stadium? END
START when did the torch arrive in canberra? END
START who received the flame from chinese officials in canberra? END
START what did agnes shea give to the chinese in return? END
START who publicly argued at a press conference? END
START where was the relay held in australia? END
START how many kilometers was the route in australia? END
START what was the location of the beginning of the olympic torch route in australia? END
START who kept the demonstrators separated? END
START what is the name of the aboriginal elder who received the torch from chinese officials? END
START who did the chinese want to deploy to canberra to protect the flame? END
START chinese australian students were told to defend what against scum and separatists? END
START who was the chairman of the australian council of chinese organisations? END
START who was the foreign minister who said he was okay with protests as long as they were peaceful? END
START what group did china want along the relay route in canberra? END
START who was given permission to search attendees of the relay? END
START who said that thousands of pro-beijing supporters would be bused in? END
START who told the media that chinese diplomats were arranging a "peaceful show of strength"? END
START who was the foreign minister who indicated chinese officials wanted supporting demonstrators to show up and show their point of view? END
START who withdrew as a torchbearer because of her concerns about human rights? END
START who said dodds' withdrawal was a good example of peacefully protesting? END
START who withdrew from the torch event? END
START who was the foreign minister that said her decision was a good example of peacefully making a point? END
START who was the head of the canberra torch relay committee? END
START how many supporters of tibet were expected in canberra to protest? END
START act chief minister jon stanhope said which organization intended to ensure that china supporters outweighed tibet supporters? END
START which athlete carried the torch for the final leg? END
START how many supporters of tibet were expected to attend the torch relay? END
START it was thought that how many chinese supporters would attend the torch relay? END
START who did not expect that reaction from the chinese community? END
START who was involved to ensure the pro chinese demonstrators outweighed the tibetan demonstrators? END
START who hosted the 1998 winter olympics? END
START when did the torch arrive in nagano? END
START where was the torch relay held in japan? END
START which olympics did nagano host? END
START what location was supposed to be the start of the relay event in nagano? END
START when monks pulled out of the event, where was the new starting point for the relay? END
START how many chinese guards were allowed to go with the torch? END
START where was the torch relay event held in south korea? END
START when did seoul host the olympics? END
START where was the start point for the relay? END
START who became violent during the relay route and was promised deportation when caught? END
START where was the relay event held in south korea? END
START which olympics did seoul host? END
START when did the torch arrive in pyongyang? END
START who presided over the torch event in north korea? END
START who was the first torchbearer in north korea? END
START where did the relay start? END
START where was the relay event held in north korea? END
START what date did the torch relay event take place? END
START what did people in the crowd wave at the beginning of the relay? END
START who was the first runner with the torch? END
START the united nations organization and unicef felt the relay could be used as what? END
START north korea is often listed among the worst offenders in the world in what regard? END
START what is the children's agency of the united nations organization? END
START both organizations withdrew what? END
START what is the mission of the organizations? END
START who is often listed amongst the world's worst offenders when it comes to human rights? END
START when did the torch arrive in vietnam? END
START where was the torch event held in vietnam? END
START how many torchbearers carried the torch in vietnam? END
START where did the torch event begin in vietnam? END
START where did the torch event end? END
START where was the torch event held in vietnam? END
START what areas are involved in the dispute between vietnam and china? END
START the chinese government established what city in this disputed area? END
START as a result, demonstrations were held in what two cities in december 2007? END
START who was the prime minister of vietnam? END
START how many people protesting china were arrested in hanoi prior to the rally? END
START which blogger calling for demonstrations was arrested for tax evasion? END
START which torchbearer sent a letter of protest to the president of the international olympic committee? END
START how many protesters were arrested in hanoi prior to the rally? END
START what is blogger điếu cày's real name? END
START though he urged for demonstrations in vietnam, nguyễn văn hải was charged with what crime? END
START what is the name of the torchbearer who wrote a letter to the ioc president about discrepancies on a website? END
START what was removed from the website that lê minh phiếu had written about? END
START when did the torch arrive in hong kong? END
START who was the first torchbearer in hong kong? END
START where was the torch event started in hong kong? END
START where did the torch relay end in hong kong? END
START how many torchbearers participated in the relay event in hong kong? END
START when was the relay event held in hong kong? END
START who handed the torch to lee lai shan, the first torchbearer? END
START what was used to get the torch across the shing mun river? END
START how many torchbearers carried the torch? END
START the torchbearers included athletes, celebrities and who? END
START what did hong kong alliance in support of patriotic democratic movements in china members wave to symbolize democracy? END
START this group wanted accountability for what 1989 event? END
START who wrapped a tibetan flag around her body and later waved it? END
START who removed chan from the protest? END
START why is chan suing the hong kong government? END
START some people waved plastic inflated flames, saying they symbolize what? END
START who was proud that hong kong still has brave people speaking out? END
START what did radio host christina chan wear before waving it? END
START which group did jens galschiøt lead? END
START what did galschiøt construct in hong kong in reference to the tiananmen square protests? END
START galschiøt and two fellow protesters were denied to entry to hong kong for what reason? END
START which american actress was questioned at the hong kong airport? END
START a legislator said that by allowing farrow to enter hong kong while denying others was a violation to what policy? END
START what group did jens galschiøt lead? END
START what structure did jens galschiøt build to monumentalize the tianamen square protests in 1989? END
START why was jens galschiøt made to leave hong kong? END
START which actress from america was initially held and then gave a speech about china and sudan? END
START when did the torch visit macao? END
START where was the torch ceremony held in macao? END
START how many torchbearers participated in macao? END
START who was the first torchbearer in macao? END
START a newspaper article criticized that there were not enough of what kind of person among the torchbearers? END
START when was the torch relay event held in macao? END
START how many torchbearers carried the torch in macao? END
START who was the first person to carry the torch in macao? END
START which casino tycoon participated in the torch relay event? END
START which publication was unhappy with the amount of non-athlete torchbearers? END
START a macau citizen was arrested for posting a plea to disrupt the relay on what website? END
START in addition to cyberctm.com, what other website was shut down for two days? END
START who was arrested on april 26 for posting an online message? END
START where was the message posted? END
START who denied the shutdown was motivated by politics? END
START after its april departure, when did the torch return to china? END
START what actor attended a torch celebration in china? END
START when did the torch reach sanya, hainan? END
START when was the last time the torch had been in china? END
START who attended the celebrations? END
START which actor also attended the celebrations? END
START the chinese coverage of torch relay events has been accused by western reporters as being what? END
START in turn, chinese supporters have accused western media of being what in their coverage? END
START which french newspaper was accused of being biased by chinese state press agency xinhua? END
START what was under scrutiny? END
START coverage in china is reported to be partial and what? END
START what organization interrupted the relay and was not broadcast by the chinese media? END
START chinese state press said what french newspaper was biased? END
START the chinese state press said the french newspaper was supporting a handful of what? END
START what did the chinese media focus on as far as human rights protesters? END
START xinhua and cctv focused on people who what? END
START which athlete was ignored by media for supporting the protesters? END
START what did xinhua call protesters? END
START which athlete showed support for the people protesting? END
START which publication said that protesters were trampling human rights? END
START though several torchbearers withdrew from the torch relay, the official website for china stated that indian torch participants vowed to run for what? END
START what did ayaan ali khan and manavjit singh sandhu say should not be mixed? END
START though four withdrew, it was reported that indian torchbearers vowed to what? END
START several torchbearers said what two things should not be combined? END
START which united kingdom newspaper published a chinese ambassador's opinion that western media had demonized china with torch coverage? END
START what french newspaper did the chinese media accuse of bias? END
START some chinese have accused western media of what in their reportings? END
START who was the chinese ambassador to the u.k.? END
START which newspaper published these accusations? END
START what other newspaper was accused of bias? END
START  who did xinhua accuse of biased reporting on april 17? END
START who was accused of bias on april 17 by xinhua? END
START who wanted cnn to apologize for its insult to chinese people? END
START what article did bbc put out about china just days earlier? END
START who stated that chinese people could access the bbc news website after years of not being able to? END
START how many people gathered in protest at these two buildings? END
START who commented that chinese people can look at the bbc news site for the first time? END
START where is bbc banned from reporting? END
START who published "overseas chinese rally against biased media coverage" on april 20? END
START which publication published a report about the chinese rallying against media bias? END
START what was the chinese government reported running on april 4? END
START who supposedly created the site? END
START who takes credit for creating the site? END
START who felt that the government was involved in the website? END
START how many attendants accompanied the flame during it's travels? END
START when were the 30 team members sworn in? END
START what were their official team outfits? END
START which team member has his own fan following? END
START how many attendants were used from the people's armed police for the flame's entire journey? END
START when were these 30 sworn in? END
START what did these 30 attendants wear? END
START what is the attendant who has a large fan base called? END
START which french company was boycotted? END
START carrefour was boycotted because of which shareholder? END
START who was the lvmh group accused of supporting? END
START what was burned during these boycotts? END
START who was accused of helping the dalai lama? END
START boycotters accused france of being pro-seccessionist and what? END
START the chinese government tried to tamper the boycott, trying to avoid a similar outcome to which protests in 2005? END
START which newspaper urged citizens to protest peacefully? END
START which website had mentions of the carrefour boycott removed by the government? END
START when did protests in front of carrefour's stores occur in china? END
START the chinese government did not want a repeat of what protests? END
START which newspaper asked the chinese people to protest peacefully? END
START who removed carrefour boycott comments from some websites? END
START what day did protests occur in front of carrefour stores? END
START who was the mayor of nagano? END
START how did washizawa refer to the city having the torch relay? END
START what was vandalized after a relay event was cancelled there? END
START who was the mayor of nagano? END
START what did he call the opportunity for nagano to host the torch event? END
START where was the inital opening ceremony to be held in nagano? END
START in what is the torch flame kept lit when the torch must be off? END
START the torch is put out at night, on aircraft, during storms and what else? END
START who was michael mak kwok-fung? END
START which athlete did the official website call an angel? END
START which media outlets gave jin jing little notice? END
START how many additional teams will help with the mainland china route? END
START how many members are on each of these two teams? END
START in what fields of science is the genome studied? END
START what is the content of the human genome? END
START what constitutes the viral genome? END
START how do scientists classify rna as? END
START what does a molecule contain? END
START what is one thing that genes have? END
START what is included in virus rna? END
START what fields study molecule formation? END
START who coined the word genome? END
START in what year was the word genome first created? END
START at what university was hans winkler employed when he created the word genome? END
START which two similar words share etymology with genome? END
START what word was created to be used in the study of botany in 1920? END
START in what year was hans winkler hired in oxford as professor of botany? END
START how did the university of hamburg in germany suggest genome came about? END
START what two other words were used as botany terms frequently at the university of hamburg? END
START what discussion about botany terms was taking place in 1920? END
START a gamate has how many chromosomes relative to a somatic cell? END
START what process splits the chromosome between gametes? END
START what are two cellular organelles which contain genetic material? END
START what are examples of terms used to describe a virus type? END
START how many chromosomes do the organelles have compared to the chloroplasts? END
START how is halving genetic material in linear chains of dna accomplished? END
START what is one thing the term transposable elements can be applied to mean? END
START what three non-chromosomal genetic elements can bacteria comprise? END
START what is the science that deals with the common genetic characteristics of related organisms called? END
START in contrast to genomics, genetics usually studies what? END
START what is the catalog of contents of a particular species' genetic makeup? END
START in both sexes of a species what may a properties of genes be? END
START what term is used to show how the sex chromosomes of a species are found? END
START what is known as the study of autosomes of related organisms? END
START what is known as the study of the properties of single or groups of sex chromosomes? END
START what are people referring to when they say species exist in one sex? END
START what is the relation between the number of base pairs and total complement of genes in a species called? END
START which organism has the most genes? END
START how many genes is the trichomoniasis estimated to have? END
START relative to the human genome, how many more genes does trichomoniasis have? END
START what is the highest known number of species? END
START how many genes are in the human genome? END
START what two things vary in the protozoan causing trichomoniasis? END
START what is the relationship between base pairs and trichomoniasis? END
START what is the relation between base pairs and the human genome called? END
START who was the first person to sequence a viral genome? END
START which viral genome did fiers sequence? END
START who was first to sequence a dna-based genome? END
START what organization first sequenced a bacterial genome? END
START in what year was the archaeon genome sequenced? END
START in what year did fred sanger first establish the complete nucleotide sequence of  a viral rna genome? END
START when was the institute for genome research founded? END
START what did walter fiers complete in 1996? END
START what did fred sanger complete when part of a team in 1995? END
START what was the name of the first bacterial genome sequenced by fred sanger in 1995? END
START which u.s. government agency keeps a large amount of information on genomes? END
START what is a mammal whose genome has been sequenced? END
START what is a fish whose genome has been sequenced? END
START when was the neanderthal's genome sequenced? END
START how old in years was the material that was used to sequence the neanderthal genome? END
START what has extracting genes from a neanderthal made it easier for scientists to do? END
START what is happening with the knowledge gained from sequencing a mouse? END
START what have scientists been maintaining since 2013? END
START where has the bacteria e. coli been found to be sequenced? END
START how old was the material used to sequence the arabidopsis thaliana genome? END
START what is a recent development in sequencing methods? END
START which company has led the way in sequencing of individual genetic makeup? END
START whose complete genetic information was recorded in 2007? END
START what is watson famous for helping discover? END
START what is manteia predictive medicine famous for discovering? END
START what technology did james d. watson develop to sequence individual dna? END
START what has james d. watson recently develop that may lead to personal genome sequencing? END
START what did manteia predictive medicine help discover the structure of in 2007? END
START who pioneered using the dna structure as a diagnostic tool? END
START what is the term for something that lists the important and notable parts of a genome? END
START which group was created to generate a genome map of human genetic material? END
START whose genome map greatly aided the human genome project? END
START where did weissenbach and his colleagues work? END
START what does a genome map list the order of? END
START what does a genome sequence identify? END
START what is a genoscope less detailed than? END
START what does a genoscope help a scientist do? END
START why was the genoscope created? END
START what is the term that accounts for the constituents of the haploid genome? END
START what aspect of a genome can genome compositions help researchers in learning about? END
START what is the history of a genome used for? END
START what should be included in the history of a genome? END
START what can scientists learn by comparing repetitive dna and genome size? END
START what term is used to describe the history of dna? END
START by comparing repetitive dna, what can scientists understand the history of? END
START what two types of organisms have remarkable differences in their genomic composition? END
START what type of organizing can be observed in eukaryote genomes? END
START in what types of eukaryotes is there a large amount of non-coding dna? END
START what should you distinguish between when talking about gene coding? END
START how much of the genome is non-repetitive dna in eukaryotes? END
START what is a major part of contents structure made of in non-coding regions? END
START what organization feature do prokaryotes have? END
START what area do mammals and plants have differences in? END
START what is an example of an organism that has a portion of its genetic material outside of its chromosomes? END
START what is an example of an organism whose full complement of genetic material resides in its chromosomes? END
START where is additional genetic material found in pathogenic microbes? END
START what do viruses always carry within their structure? END
START where is additional genetic material found in a virus? END
START what is another word used for genome? END
START what organism has part of its genetic material inside a virus? END
START what do most viruses more complex than plasmids carry? END
START what are examples of classes of eukaryotes where genome only refers to the information found in chromosomes? END
START what is a name for the genetic material found within chloroplasts? END
START what is a name for the genetic makeup of mitochondria? END
START what are the eukaryotes found in the mitochondria called? END
START what are examples of chloroplasts? END
START what does genome mean when referring to eukaryotes such as mitochondria? END
START what is not considered as part of the plastome? END
START what do chloroplasts have that is referred to as the mitochondrial genome? END
START what is the name for the count of all dna base pairs in a single haploid genome? END
START what does genome size have a direct relationship with in prokaryotes and lower eukaryotes? END
START what accounts for the breakdown of the relation between genome size and morphological complexity in higher eukaryotes? END
START what is the term for the total dna base pairs in one lower eukaryote? END
START what kind of relationship do copies of a haploid genome have with mollusks that isn't effective? END
START what has a strong influence on dna base pairs? END
START what does a haploid genome have strong influence on? END
START how many base pairs are in mollusks? END
START what is a name for the reduced complement of genetic material necessary for an organism to live? END
START in what experimental contexts are experiments being carried out on minimal genomes? END
START what is a research strategy to understand silico? END
START what is being done on single cell silico? END
START in what two ways are experiments being carried out to understand how genes survive? END
START what do scientists want a silico to do in the experiment? END
START what are scientists studying to understand how they survive a reduction in silico? END
START what are two types of non-repetitive dna? END
START in higher eukaryotes, what has an inverse relationship with genome size? END
START what is the size of non-repetitive dna divided by to get the proportion of non-repetitive dna? END
START how is protein coding calculated? END
START what are two examples of higher eukaryotes? END
START what does having more protein coding genes not mean? END
START what decreases if rna coding genes are increased? END
START what is the number of protein-coding genes divided by to get the proportion of non-repetitive dna? END
START what is an example of an organism which does not contain any repetitive dna? END
START what are two organisms that have more non-repetitive than repetitive dna? END
START what is the percentage of non-repetitive dna in some plant and amphibian genomes? END
START what is the percentage of non-repetitive dna in e. coli?  END
START what one kind of dna do fruit flies only have? END
START what does e. coli tend to have more of than non-repetitive dna? END
START what is a minority component in e. coli? END
START what do some plants and amphibians only have? END
START what are two types of repetitive dna found in genomes? END
START what is found by dividing size of repetitive dna by length of total genome? END
START what are two examples of genome size? END
START what do you use to calculate genome size? END
START how do you calculate tandem repeats? END
START what are interspersed repeats divided by to get the proportion of repetitive dna? END
START what do you get when dividing tandem repeats by interspersed repeats? END
START unequal crossing over can create what type of repetitive dna? END
START what are two examples of tandem repeats in dna? END
START what is the most common type of repetitive dna in mammals? END
START in what group are tandem repeats in the largest number? END
START what causes interspersed repeats? END
START what are two examples of interspersed repeats? END
START how much satellite dna is found in the genome? END
START what is gene conversion caused by? END
START what is the main source of interspersed repeats? END
START what do researchers think transposable elements are key factors in when considering higher eukaryotes? END
START what are the constituents of class 1 transposable elements? END
START what are the constituents of class 2 transposable elements? END
START how are pseudogenes classified? END
START what two categories are pseudogenes classified into? END
START where do cells mainly come from? END
START what do cells also include? END
START what are pseudogenes able to do within the cell? END
START what kind of genetic material can be produced from retrotransposons? END
START what can long terminal repeats produce? END
START what happens when long terminal repeats are transcribed into rna? END
START what is one thing rna can be divided into? END
START what can the genome also be divided into? END
START where are long terminal repeats duplicated? END
START what is a term that can describe how dna transposons move? END
START dna transposons do not use which genetic material used by class 1 tes? END
START what term describes how duplication happens in the genome? END
START what do genome not use as intermediate? END
START what helps metozoan move? END
START in what organism is duplication popular? END
START what does cut and paste help metazoan do? END
START what is another word for the total count of chromosomes? END
START aside from karyotype, what are other genomic traits studied by scientists? END
START what were other traits besides karyotype studied by brown in 2002? END
START what is another word for gene order? END
START what does gc-content have that can be measured? END
START why do researchers calculate the sum of an organisms genes? END
START what are two things that reese studied about karyotype in 2004? END
START what type of generation of genetic material has a big part in making the genome what it is? END
START what is a possible product of duplications? END
START what role does genetic novelty play in the genome? END
START what is the first range of genetic novelty? END
START what are gene clusters a large part of? END
START how far can genetic novelty go? END
START what is the first example of genetic novelty? END
START what is an explanation for the resemblance between disparate parts of the genome? END
START in which organisms does horizontal gene transfer appear to occur commonly? END
START parts of which organelle genomes are thought to have ended up in the nucleus of eukaryotic cells via transfer? END
START what helps explain why different parts of chloroplasts are similar? END
START in what organism are eukaryotic cells common? END
START what does horizontal gene transfer explain about nuclear chromosomes? END
START where do microbes transfer material from their chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes? END
START what do microbes transfer to chloroplasts? END
START what kind of school does not base its admissions on academic merit? END
START what kind of school system uses academic success to judge admissions? END
START what countries used comprehensive schools extensively? END
START how many secondary school students attend comprehensive schools in england? END
START what is the german analogue of the comprehensive school? END
START what kind of school bases its admissions on academic merit? END
START what kind of school system uses academic failure to judge admissions? END
START what countries unused comprehensive schools extensively? END
START how many secondary school students attend comprehensive schools in scotland? END
START what is the austrian analogue of the comprehensive school? END
START what are some areas of learning in comprehensive schools that were not found often in grammar schools? END
START what two kinds of schools were developed in response to the costs of post-16 comprehensive school education? END
START which types of school projects have called the model of comprehensive schools into question? END
START what are some areas of learning in comprehensive schools that were found often in grammar schools? END
START what are some areas of learning in comprehensive schools that were not found often in high schools? END
START what two kinds of schools were developed in response to the costs of post-18 comprehensive school education? END
START what three kinds of schools were developed in response to the costs of post-16 comprehensive school education? END
START which types of school projects haven't called the model of comprehensive schools into question? END
START how many selective grammar schools are still currently functioning in england and wales? END
START in what year were comprehensive schools first created? END
START how many selective high schools are still currently functioning in england and wales? END
START how many selective grammar schools are still currently functioning in scotland and wales? END
START how many selective grammar schools are no longer functioning in england and wales? END
START in what year weren't comprehensive schools first created? END
START in what year were comprehensive schools first closed? END
START what is a word that can be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's intake? END
START what are some new initiatives that may impact the concept of comprehensive schools? END
START what is a word that can't be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's intake? END
START what is a word that can be used to describe the scope of an uncomprehensive school's intake? END
START what is a word that can be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's discharge? END
START what are some old initiatives that may impact the concept of comprehensive schools? END
START what are some new initiatives that may impact the concept of uncomprehensive schools? END
START in what decade did finland begin employing comprehensive schools? END
START what age ranges does finnish comprehensive school cover? END
START in what decade didn't finland begin employing comprehensive schools? END
START in what decade did sweden begin employing comprehensive schools? END
START in what decade did finland stop employing comprehensive schools? END
START what age ranges does swedish comprehensive school cover? END
START what age ranges does finnish uncomprehensive school cover? END
START what type of school is the gesamtschule? END
START what kinds of courses are offered to students who are not experiencing academic success? END
START what are the different kinds of certificates that gesamtschule students can earn? END
START what type of school isn't the gesamtschule? END
START what type of hospital is the gesamtschule? END
START what kinds of courses aren't offered to students who are not experiencing academic success? END
START what kinds of courses are offered to students who are experiencing academic success? END
START what are the different kinds of certificates that gesamtschule students can't earn? END
START what percentage of brandenburg students went to a gesamtschule in 2007? END
START what percentage of bavarian students went to a gesamtschule in 2007? END
START what percentage of brandenburg teachers went to a gesamtschule in 2007? END
START what percentage of brandenburg students went to a gesamtschule in 2008? END
START what percentage of brandenburg students never went to a gesamtschule in 2007? END
START what percentage of bavarian teachers went to a gesamtschule in 2007? END
START what percentage of bavarian students went to a gesamtschule in 2008? END
START what was the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen called in hamburg? END
START what was the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen called in berlin? END
START in what school year were hauptschulen first combined with realschulen and gesamtschulen? END
START what wasn't the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen called in hamburg? END
START what was the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen called in hamburger? END
START what was the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen not called in berlin? END
START what was the combination of hauptschulen with realschulen and gesamtschulen called in berlinberg? END
START in what school year were hauptschulen last combined with realschulen and gesamtschulen? END
START what kind of classes are not offered in mittelschule? END
START what certificate is not available to mittelschule students? END
START what kind of school is not available in some parts of germany? END
START what kind of classes are offered in mittelschule? END
START what kind of meetings are not offered in mittelschule? END
START what certificate is available to mittelschule students? END
START what certificate is not available to mittelschule teachers? END
START what kind of school is available in some parts of germany? END
START what type of misconduct have comprehensive schools been alleged of engaging in? END
START which german minister criticized comprehensive schools' ability to help students succeed? END
START which german politician defended comprehensive schools? END
START which party does barbara sommer belong to? END
START which party does sigrid beer belong to? END
START what type of misconduct have uncomprehensive schools been alleged of engaging in? END
START which german mwhich german minister criticized uncomprehensive schools' ability to help students succeed?inister criticized comprehensive schools' ability to help students succeed? END
START which german politician defended uncomprehensive schools? END
START which party doesn't barbara sommer belong to? END
START which party doesn't sigrid beer belong to? END
START who could be made vulnerable by the gasemtschulen? END
START from what group does an achievement gap separate working class students at comprehensive schools? END
START at which school do students achieve the least success? END
START who couldn't be made vulnerable by the gasemtschulen? END
START who could be protected by the gasemtschulen? END
START from what group doesn't an achievement gap separate working class students at comprehensive schools? END
START from what group does an achievement gap separate working class students at uncomprehensive schools? END
START at which school do students achieve the most success? END
START who conducted a study on comprehensive schools? END
START to which system did fend compare comprehensive school alumni? END
START who never conducted a study on comprehensive schools? END
START who conducted a study on uncomprehensive schools? END
START to which system didn't fend compare comprehensive school alumni? END
START to which system did fend compare uncomprehensive school alumni? END
START to which system did fend compare comprehensive school faculty? END
START when was the first comprehensive school opened in gibraltar? END
START where can students go after finishing comprehensive school in gibraltar? END
START what examinations do students prepare for in the sixth form? END
START when was the last comprehensive school opened in gibraltar? END
START when was the first comprehensive school closed in gibraltar? END
START where can't students go after finishing comprehensive school in gibraltar? END
START where can students go after finishing uncomprehensive school in gibraltar? END
START what examinations do students prepare for in the fifth form? END
START when did ireland first open comprehensive schools? END
START who was responsible for creating comprehensive schools in ireland? END
START what was the only state-run educational system in ireland prior to comprehensive schools? END
START what type of school has surpassed comprehensive schools in ireland? END
START when did ireland last open comprehensive schools? END
START when did ireland first close comprehensive schools? END
START who was unresponsible for creating comprehensive schools in ireland? END
START what wasn't the only state-run educational system in ireland prior to comprehensive schools? END
START what type of school has surpassed uncomprehensive schools in ireland? END
START in what decade were community schools conceived? END
START who owns the land on which irish comprehensive schools are found? END
START in what decade weren't community schools conceived? END
START in what decade were community schools closed? END
START who rents the land on which irish comprehensive schools are found? END
START who owns the land on which scotish comprehensive schools are found? END
START who owns the land on which irish comprehensive schools aren't found? END
START what did the community school system remove from the comprehensive school model? END
START what is a term for a grouping of local schools that cannot exist independently? END
START what didn't the community school system remove from the comprehensive school model? END
START what did the community school system add to the comprehensive school model? END
START what did the community school system remove from the uncomprehensive school model? END
START what is a term for a grouping of local schools that can exist independently? END
START what is a term for a grouping of global schools that cannot exist independently? END
START in what year was the walworth school established? END
START who established the walworth school? END
START what comprehensive school was established in anglesey? END
START when was holyhead county school established? END
START which comprehensive school openend in coventry? END
START in what year was the walworth school closed? END
START who closed the walworth school? END
START what uncomprehensive school was established in anglesey? END
START when was holyhead county school closed? END
START which uncomprehensive school openend in coventry? END
START who was responsible for the proliferation of comprehensive schools in 1965? END
START what was anthony crosland's role in government? END
START which type of school was not in widespread usage? END
START who was responsible for the proliferation of uncomprehensive schools in 1965? END
START who was responsible for the proliferation of comprehensive schools in 1956? END
START who wasn't responsible for the proliferation of comprehensive schools in 1965? END
START what wasn't anthony crosland's role in government? END
START which type of school was in widespread usage? END
START who was made secretary of state for education in 1970? END
START what kind of school did thatcher end the compulsion for existing schools to convert to? END
START what party was in power when margaret thatcher was made secretary of state for education? END
START who wasn't made secretary of state for education in 1970? END
START who was made secretary of state for education in 1972? END
START what kind of school didn't thatcher end the compulsion for existing schools to convert to? END
START what kind of school did thatcher start the compulsion for existing schools to convert to? END
START what party wasn't in power when margaret thatcher was made secretary of state for education? END
START by what year did the 11-plus exam mainly fall out of use? END
START what did secondary modern and grammar schools combine to become? END
START grammar schools that did not close were converted to what? END
START what are two locations in which all secondary schools were converted to comprehensives in the '70s? END
START by what year didn't the 11-plus exam mainly fall out of use? END
START by what year did the 21-plus exam mainly fall out of use? END
START what didn't secondary modern and grammar schools combine to become? END
START grammar schools that closed were converted to what? END
START what are two locations in which all secondary schools were converted to comprehensives in the '60s? END
START who initiated the scrutiny of the educational system in 1976? END
START what is the only kind of school operating in wales? END
START which political party was james callaghan a member of? END
START who ended the scrutiny of the educational system in 1976? END
START who initiated the scrutiny of the educational system in 1967? END
START what is the only kind of school not operating in wales? END
START what is the only kind of school operating in england? END
START which political party was james callaghan not a member of? END
START what law enables parents full control over their child's education? END
START in what year was the education reform act made into law? END
START what concept does the government currently support for education? END
START parental choice has informed what controversial practice? END
START what law disables parents full control over their child's education? END
START what law enables parents no control over their child's education? END
START in what year was the education reform act scrapped? END
START what concept does the government currently not support for education? END
START parental choice hasn't informed what controversial practice? END
START all public primary and secondary schools in scotland are of what type? END
START what has scotland refused to adopt? END
START when was scotland's latest rejection of the specialist school model? END
START all private primary and secondary schools in scotland are of what type? END
START all public primary and secondary schools in england are of what type? END
START what has england refused to adopt? END
START when was england's latest rejection of the specialist school model? END
START when wasn't scotland's latest rejection of the specialist school model? END
START which country is northern england's school system most different from? END
START which countries have school systems somewhat similar to northern ireland? END
START which country isn't northern england's school system most different from? END
START which country is northern ireland's school system most different from? END
START which country is northern england's school system most same as? END
START which countries have school systems very different from northern ireland? END
START which countries have school systems somewhat similar to northern england? END
START what isn't some controversy about? END
START what aren't generally in favor of comprehensive schools? END
START what are generally in favor of uncomprehensive schools? END
START what are generally in favor of comprehensive schools? END
START what are generally in favor of comprehensive hospitals? END
START what is the french term for the republic of the congo? END
START which country lies on congo's northeast border? END
START whic country lies on congo's western border? END
START which country lies on congo's northwest border? END
START in what part of africa is the congo located? END
START what is the angolan name for the republic of the congo? END
START what country borders the west of gabon? END
START what borders northwest cameroon? END
START what is the french name for gabon? END
START what is the central african republic also known as? END
START what language was spoken in the area that became the congo? END
START when did the congo gain its independence from colonial rule? END
START who is the ruler of the congo? END
START what title does nguesso hold? END
START what language dominated equatorial africa? END
START when did the congo lose its independence from colonial rule? END
START what year was president denis sassou nguesso ousted?  END
START what conflict removed president denis sassou nguesso from power? END
START how many years did president denis sassou nguesso rule the democratically elected government? END
START what is the congo's rank among other oil generating nations in the gulf of guinea? END
START what income is subject to uneven distribution in the congo? END
START what factors led to the republic of congo being the third largest oil producer in the gulf of guinea? END
START what is the congo's rank among all the oil generating nations of the world? END
START what income is evenly distributed in the congo? END
START what economic status did oil revenue fail to provide for the congo? END
START what kind of services in the congo are in good shape? END
START what group of people were living in the area that would become the congo prior to the arrival of bantu tribes? END
START when did bantu tribes arrive in the area formerly populated by the pygmy people? END
START the bakongo were a group derived from which tribes? END
START what language did the pygmy people speak? END
START when did the pygmy people displace the bantu? END
START what did the pygmy people form a basis for? END
START what bantu kingdom never traded with the congo river basin? END
START what pygmy kingdom built trade links with the congo river basin? END
START whose expedition arrived at the mouth of the congo river in 1484? END
START what was diogo cao's nationality? END
START what did european traders exchange with bantu people? END
START when did formal colonization of the congo river delta begin? END
START colonization reduced the power of what groups in the congo river basin? END
START what bantu explorer reached the mouth of the congo in 1484? END
START what is an example of something that was not traded between the bantu and european merchants? END
START what was responsible for the power of bantu societies growing in the late 19th century? END
START what area did the bantu colonize in the late 19th century? END
START colonization increased the power of what group in the congo river basin? END
START when did the french take control of the region to the north of the congo river? END
START who brokered a traty with the makoko people? END
START what was the french congo's name changed to in 1903? END
START what group of french colonies was created in 1908? END
START how many people are estimated to have died as a result of the creation of the congo-ocean railroad? END
START when did the area south of the congo river come under french sovereignty?  END
START when did middle congo become known as french congo? END
START what did the bateke designate as the federal capital? END
START what did economic development during the first 50 years of colonial rule ignore? END
START how many lives were lost building the congo-ocean railroad before world war i? END
START what served as the capital of france in spirit during the occupation? END
START what meeting brought about changes in france's policy towards its colonies? END
START when did brazzaville get its own local government? END
START what did the 1946 constitution establish brazzaville as? END
START what served as the symbolic capital of france during world war i? END
START when was brazzaville established as the third republic? END
START what was the symbolic capital of the nazis from 1940 to 1943?  END
START what stopped congo from benefiting from the postwar expansion of colonial administrative and infrastructure spending? END
START what kind of legislature did brazzaville receive prior to 1946? END
START when was the fifth republic founded? END
START what was disbanded in 1958? END
START in 1958, what did the middle congo change its name to? END
START when did the congo establish its first constitution? END
START when was the second republic established? END
START what established the third republic? END
START when did the republic of the congo become known as middle congo? END
START where did the mbochis subdue a riot? END
START who subdued a series of riots in 1959? END
START on what date was the congo made fully independent from colonial rule? END
START who was the first leader of the independent congo? END
START who replaced youlou? END
START who were responsible for the revolts that ended with youlou's removal? END
START who took control of the company during the transition from youlou to debat? END
START when did the congo lose independence from colonial rule? END
START what ousted alphonse massamba-débat from power? END
START who installed fulbert youlou as head of the civilian provisional government? END
START what took charge of the country for a long time? END
START when did france receive independence from the republic of congo?  END
START who became president of the congo in 1963? END
START what was a term that could describe the political philosophy of the congo under massamba-debat? END
START soldiers from which country were brought to the congo? END
START when did massamba-debat lose power in the congo? END
START what was the country's ideology before massamba-débat's term in office? END
START when did the soviet union establish relations with north korea? END
START who was elected president for a 10 year term? END
START how many chinese troops were invited into the congo? END
START when was there a coup led by paratroopers loyal to massamba-débat? END
START who became president of the congo in 1968? END
START what did the congo's name become under ngouabi? END
START what did the national revolutionary movement's name become? END
START in what year was a coup attempted against ngouabi? END
START on what date was ngouabi assassinated? END
START who left the presidency on december 31, 1968? END
START who became president after denis sassou nguesso? END
START what did the congo's name change to under denis sassou nguesso? END
START when did denis sassou nguesso survive a coup? END
START when was joachim yhombi-opango assassinated? END
START which group of nations did nguesso side the congo with? END
START which eastern bloc nation did nguesso sign a pact with? END
START what is a word that can be used to describe sassou's type of government? END
START what was an important tool of the sassou government? END
START who aligned the country with the western bloc? END
START who relied more on patronage to maintain his dictatorship? END
START what was the least important tool of the sassou government? END
START what did sassou sign a ten year friendship pact with? END
START how long was the friendship pact sassou signed with the eastern bloc? END
START who was elected president of the congo in 1992? END
START who supported the measures of liberalisation lissouba tried to employ to reform the economy? END
START what interrupted the renewal of the imf agreement with the congo? END
START what does esaf stand for? END
START who was congo's last elected president? END
START what year did the imf turn down  a three-year sdr69.5m (us$100m) enhanced structural adjustment facility? END
START when did civil war end in congo? END
START who was president during the period of single party democracy? END
START which two figures clashed over leadership of the congo in 1997? END
START what is the name of sassou's personal army? END
START what nationality were the forces that invaded the congo to assist sassou in taking control of the country? END
START in what month did sassou regain the presidency? END
START when did congo's democratic progress get back on track? END
START when did the tensions between the lissouba and sassou camps start to dissipate? END
START when did government forces surround lissouba's compound? END
START where was lissouba's compound located? END
START what were members of lissouba's militia called? END
START which politican left the presidential race after supporting a boycott by voters? END
START how long did the presidential term become under the new constitution? END
START when was the new constitution ratified? END
START when was an end brought to the fighting between the government and ntumi's rebels? END
START who won more than 90% of the vote? END
START when did bernard kolelas win the election? END
START what did lissouba advise his supporters to do? END
START what did international observers see no problem with? END
START what reduced the president's term to seven years? END
START who won the presidential election in 2009? END
START which group provided oversight for the electoral process in 2009? END
START what kind of turnout did the congolese observatory of human rights experience in the 2009 elections? END
START what election did sassou lose? END
START what year did sassou lose re-election? END
START who said the election was marked by very high turnout? END
START what governmental organization commented on the election? END
START what month did sassou lose an election in? END
START what kind of political system has existed in congo-brazzaville since the '90s? END
START which party does sassou belong to? END
START what is the french term for sassou's political party? END
START since when has congo-brazzaville has a single party political system? END
START who has serious competition in the presidential elections? END
START what is the congolese labour party called in german? END
START what party does not back sassou? END
START what is not dominated by sassou? END
START what has sassou's regime attempted to censor? END
START what country found bank accounts and real estate owned by the sassou regime? END
START what did sassou's regime not attempt to censor? END
START what has sassou's regime been hit by nationally? END
START what did one german investigation find? END
START what did france denounce embezzlement investigations as? END
START what country were no lavish properties found in? END
START when did sassou reveal that there would be a vote to alter the 2002 constitution? END
START which term did the new constitution allow sassou to pursue? END
START when did sassou announce that his government would not change the 2002 constitution? END
START what changed the 2015 constitution? END
START what percentage of people did the government claim opposed the proposal? END
START what percentage of people did the government claim did not vote? END
START what allowed sassou to run for a second term? END
START who controlled the media in the congo in 2008 END
START how many government tv stations exist? END
START how many smaller stations exist that are not government-run? END
START when was the main media not owned by the government? END
START when were many privately run forms of media being destroyed? END
START how many large private television channels were there? END
START how many government owned radio stations were there?  END
START how many privately owned radio stations were running? END
START who is considered to own members of the pygmies? END
START the treatment of pygmies has been compared to the treatment of what? END
START when did the government of the congo pass a law to assist indigenous people? END
START who do many bantus belong to? END
START when did the congolese parliament strike down a law to protect indigenous people? END
START what is the last of its kind in africa? END
START what does the congolese human rights observatory say bantus are treated as? END
START what does no one refer to as slavery? END
START between which two lines of latitude is the congo located? END
START between which two lines of longitude is the congo located? END
START what ocean connects to the congo? END
START which country lies southwest of the congo? END
START what is another name for cabinda? END
START what is located in the northern part of sub-saharan africa? END
START what is outside of latitudes 4°n and 5°s? END
START what is to the west of gabon? END
START what is to the north of cameroon? END
START what has a long coast on the atlantic ocean? END
START what is the capital of the congo? END
START on what river can brazzaville be found? END
START what lies directly across the congo river from brazzaville? END
START what country does kinshasa serve as capital of? END
START where is kinshasa located? END
START what is located in the north of the congo? END
START what is located in the south of the republic of the congo? END
START what city is not located on the congo river? END
START what city is located far away from brazzaville? END
START what kind of terrain is found in the southwest part of the congo? END
START which river serves as drainage for the southwest plain of the congo? END
START the middle of the country features what kind of geography? END
START what areas are facing pressure to be used for commercial gain? END
START what is not under increasing exploitation pressure? END
START what river is the source of drainage for the interior of the country? END
START what kind of geography does the northeast of the country have? END
START how many basins are located outside of the country? END
START what do forests in the congo not have to face? END
START on what major line of latitude is the congo located? END
START what is the average temperature in the congo when the sun is up? END
START what is the average temperature range in the congo during the night time? END
START when does the congo experience dry season? END
START why does the country's climate vary year-round? END
START what is the temperature on an unusual day?  END
START what is the yearly rainfall in the north of the country? END
START how many rainfall maxima does the minority of the country have? END
START what is not located on the equator? END
START which group studied gorillas in 2006-07? END
START what region is home to the gorillas studied by the wildlife conservation society? END
START what was responsible for maintaining the separation between the gorillas and humans? END
START when did researchers from the wildlife conservation society study chimps? END
START where did researchers study chimps in heavily forested regions? END
START how many chimpanzees live in the area? END
START what has kept the chimps isolated from humans? END
START in what kind of regions did researchers not find any gorillas? END
START what is the focus of the congo's industrial production? END
START what are two issues in the congolese government? END
START what did petroleum production replace as the focus of the economy? END
START what percentage of the congo's gross domestic product did petroleum account for in 2008? END
START what percentage of exported goods did oil account for in 2008? END
START what is not a part of congo's economy? END
START what is the smallest part of the industrial sector? END
START what is characterized by under staffing? END
START what percent of the gdp did forestry account for in 2008? END
START what percent of exports in 2008 were handicrafts? END
START what did income from petroleum allow the government to fund in the early '80s? END
START what was the congo's annual increase in gross domestic product in the early '80s? END
START by how much were franc zone currencies devalued in january of 1994? END
START how much inflation did the congo experience as a result of the devaluation of the franc? END
START when did oil revenues rapidly decline? END
START what enabled the government to finance small development projects? END
START what was financed by rising forestry revenues? END
START what contributed to an excess of revenues? END
START what year was inflation at its lowest point? END
START what caused reform efforts to cease in 1997? END
START what are two reasons why the economy was not able to progress following the civil war? END
START when did military conflict resume in the congo? END
START what organization never supported economic reform efforts? END
START when did the reform program start? END
START when did sassou leave power? END
START what was helped by slumping oil prices? END
START who did not express interest in economic reforms? END
START what are two economic issues faced by the congolese government? END
START what two exports has the congo begun producing recently? END
START when was the congo allowed back into the kimberley process? END
START who presides over a stable peace? END
START when were oil prices at a record low? END
START what country allegedly smuggled diamonds out of the congo? END
START what is not a congolese export? END
START when was the democratic republic of congo excluded from the kimberly process? END
START what precious metals and minerals have yet to be utilized in the republic of the congo? END
START what business organization is the congo a member of? END
START how much land did the congolese government agree to lease to south africans in 2009? END
START what country doesn't have many metal deposits? END
START when did the south african government sign an agreement to lease land to congolese farmers? END
START what country did the south african government lease land to? END
START how much land did south africa lease to the congo? END
START why did south africa lease land to the democratic republic of congo? END
START what forms of transport are available in the congo? END
START when was the congo's train system built? END
START what is a common destination outside of africa for congolese airlines? END
START on what ocean is a major port located? END
START what method of transport is not available in the republic of the congo? END
START when did the country's rail system get taken out of operation? END
START how many kilometers of unpaved roads are in the congo? END
START how many domestic airports are located in the republic of the congo? END
START which ocean does the congo have no ports on? END
START in what part of the country can most of the congo's citizens be found? END
START how long is the track connecting brazzaville and pointe-noire? END
START what percent of the population of the congo lives outside urban areas? END
START what is one of the small cities in the congo? END
START how long is the road that connects the largest cities? END
START where has commercial activity increased rapidly? END
START what are urban economies dependent on the government for? END
START how many languages are used in the congo? END
START what is the most populous ethnicity in the congo? END
START how much of the population is constituted by pygmies? END
START what percentage of the population of the congo is boulangui? END
START what country has a narrow range of languages? END
START how many languages are spoken outside of the congo? END
START what amount of the kongo are laari? END
START what group lives on the pacific coast? END
START how many groups can the teke be categorized into? END
START prior to the civil war in '97, how many non-africans lived in the republic of the congo? END
START what was the dominant nationality among europeans living in the congo prior to the civil war? END
START how many americans live in the congo? END
START how many americans lived in the congo before 1997? END
START how many french expatriates reside in the congo? END
START how many congolese expatriates live in america? END
START where did 9000 europeans and other non-africans live after the 1997 war? END
START what is the most commonly practiced religion in the congo? END
START what percentage of congolese citizens identify as awakening lutherans? END
START what portion of the congolese population is protestant? END
START what is the percentage of muslims living in the congo? END
START who form the majority of islamic residents of the congo? END
START what religion is notable due to an influx of foreign workers in the rural areas? END
START what percentage of congolese are atheist? END
START what is the most popular religion in south africa, according to the cia world factbook? END
START what religion is not found in the congo? END
START what is the percentage of protestants in south africa? END
START how much of the gross domestic product was spent on public health in 2004? END
START what was the overall incidence of hiv or aids throughout the 15 to 49 year old population? END
START how much was spent per capita on health in 2004 as measured in us dollars? END
START for every 100,000 people, how many phyisicians were there in the congo in the early '00s? END
START what percentage of the gdp was public expenditure health after 2004? END
START what was the prevalence of hiv/aids in people over 49?  END
START how much was spent on health per capita after 2004? END
START what is happening to only a small portion of the population? END
START how many physicians per 100,000 people were there in the late 2000s? END
START as measured in 2010, how many deaths occurred for every 100,000 live births in the congo? END
START what does fgm stand for? END
START how many infants die for every 1,000 live births? END
START what was the maternal mortality rate of the congo in the year 2000? END
START what was the infant mortality rate of the congo in 1990? END
START what procedure is common in the country? END
START where is female genital mutilation not found in the congo? END
START what is the infant mortality rate in south africa? END
START public schooling is required for people under what age? END
START what was the school enrollment rate in 2005? END
START what do students who finish 13 years of schooling receive? END
START what language is used in congolese schools? END
START what was higher in 2002 than in 1991? END
START what is theoretically free for people over 16? END
START when is education not compulsory? END
START what is the country's only private university? END
START what courses are not offered at marien ngouabi university? END
START what branch of government does the prime minister lead? END
START what group is the prime minister usually in charge of? END
START in some political models like semi-presidential systems, what does the prime minister manage? END
START who is the senior minister of the judicial branch? END
START what group oversees the prime minister? END
START who selects the prime minister? END
START in what type of system is the prime minister the head of state? END
START what is a parliamentary model on which other systems have been based? END
START what kind of role is the head of state in westminster-based parliamentary governments? END
START in wich parlimentry system is the monarch the head of state? END
START in what system does the prime minister have reserve powers? END
START what is a central duty of the prime minister? END
START what is it called when a monarch has a share of executive powers? END
START using royal prerogative does not require the consent of which body? END
START who has no reponsibility for passing bills with the rest of the cabinet? END
START what is it called when the monarch has all the executive powers? END
START who must consent to the use of royal perogative? END
START what are two other job titles of the prime minister of the  uk? END
START in addition to being prime minister, what other role did winston churchill serve during world war ii? END
START what are former titles once held by the prime minister of the uk? END
START what role did winton churchhill serve in during world war ii rather than prime minister? END
START what roles did benjamin netanyahu serve in prior to serving on the cabinet of israel? END
START when was the title of prime minister first used? END
START who coined the term prime minister? END
START what country did richelieu serve as prime minister for? END
START who started a tradition of naming the head ministers something other than prime minister? END
START what term was first used in the 16th century? END
START who used the term prme minister in the 16th century? END
START who was named head of the royal council in the 16th century END
START who avoided giving the title of prime minister to their chief ministers? END
START when did the modern usage of prime minister come into being? END
START who was referenced as prime minister in a negative manner when the term was first used in its modern sense? END
START what came into use in the 1800's? END
START who was the first person to be called prime minister? END
START what title is no longer honorific? END
START what term was used negatively in the 1800's? END
START who occupied the role that would later become prime minister under henry viii? END
START who held the equivalent of the post of prime minister under queen anne? END
START who served as the head minister under charles ii? END
START who did the monarchs of england and the united kingdom not trust? END
START what position did thomas cromwell hold under queen anne? END
START from whom did ministers derive their power? END
START who was responsible for naming people to serve in the cabinet? END
START what majority was the prime minister dependent on? END
START what body did the monarch have no control over? END
START what body had life long membership? END
START who are the two ministers used by queen anne simultaneously? END
START who was exiled when he lost the favor of the monarch? END
START what two ministers fought for power uner anne? END
START who exiled the monarch? END
START who did the monarch refuse to have executed? END
START what 1688 event helped the parliament solidy its power against the monarch? END
START what 1689 law contributed to parliament's growing power? END
START what body was incorporated into the government as a result of the bill of rights? END
START what war took place in the 1700's? END
START what war strenthened the monarchs position? END
START what revolution took place in the 17th century? END
START what bill was passed in the 17th century? END
START what bill gave the monarch the power to establish law and impose taxes? END
START the reign of which king was a turning point in the growth of the position of prime minister? END
START in what year did queen anne die? END
START where was george i's home? END
START when did george i die? END
START what language did george speak? END
START who did george appoint head of the government? END
START for how long did robert walpole serve as prime minister? END
START what party did walpole belong to? END
START what concept took shape during walpole's tenure as prime minister? END
START what would a minister have to do if he did not publicly support a cabinet policy? END
START who is another prime minister who reiterated the principles of cabinet solidarity? END
START who was the prime minister in the 17th century? END
START who waited 21 years to become prime minister? END
START who's opponents packed the house of commons? END
START who did the monarch declare could see him in private? END
START aside from walpole, who else denied that there was no such thing as the prime minister? END
START which kings tried to get power back to the monarchy? END
START during whose government did prime minister first see use on official state documents? END
START when was the position of prime minister finally formalized? END
START who tried to prove the exitence of the prime minister? END
START what monarch gave more power to the prime minister? END
START who was loyal to the commons? END
START what prime minster was mentally ill? END
START in the u.s. and governments modeled on it, who holds executive power? END
START what did most countries have by the late 2000's? END
START where in the amaricas has the british system been adopted? END
START which non-elected official has held the longest term as prime minister? END
START when did khalifa first take the post of prime minister? END
START what country does khalifah serve for as prime minister? END
START who is the longest serving elected prime minister? END
START greece, finland, romania and turkey use what kind of government? END
START in whic type of government is the leader elected? END
START what other country besides greece is a constitutional monarch? END
START who is elected in a constitutional monarch? END
START what is the term for the head of china's government? END
START what is another name for the republic of china? END
START whose consent is not required for the taiwanese premier to take office? END
START who is both head of state and the head of government in france? END
START who is appointed by the president and approved by the legislature in taiwan? END
START what is the term for a situation in which the president and prime minister come from different political parties? END
START what can the french parliament cause in order to oust the prime minister? END
START what french official must be approved by the parliment? END
START what can the prime minister force in order to oust the government in france? END
START what is it called when the president and and legislature are controlled by the same party END
START which constitution details the role and abilities of the prime minister? END
START what other considerations are included in the constitution of bangladesh as regards the prime minister? END
START what contry only vaugly outlines the role of prime minister? END
START what is directly above the premier in the people's republic of china? END
START what is the pinyin form of premier? END
START who is directly below the premier in the people's republic of china? END
START which law first referred to the prime minister in canada? END
START when was the constitution act passed? END
START the constitution act mentions the prime minister in the context of which kinds of other ministers? END
START what country has completly uncodified constitution? END
START what document in canada has allowed for a prime minister since it was drafted? END
START what act was passed in the 18th century? END
START what document details the role and abilities given to the prime minister of the czech republic? END
START who's constitution is not clear on how a prime minster should be removed? END
START when was prime minister first mentioned in a government document in the uk? END
START who was the last prime minister to serve simultaneously as chancellor of the exchequer? END
START when did balfour last hold the titles of prime minister and chancellor of the exchequer? END
START who's constitution is well codefied? END
START what office did not exist in any form in the uk until the early twentieth century? END
START who was the forst prime minister to also be chancellor of the exchequer? END
START when did balfour leave the offeice of chancellor of the exchequer to become prime minisater? END
START which prime minister was appointed only one time? END
START when was thatcher appointed prime minister? END
START when did thatcher last hold power? END
START what did margaret thatcher reconfigure following each general election? END
START what leader of the cabinet has a limeted term? END
START what prime minister was appointed multiple times? END
START what is the name of the prime ministerial position in ireland? END
START from where is the irish prime minister usually selected? END
START when is the irish taoiseach renominated? END
START who is chosen from the party that hold a minority of seats in the lower hhouse of parliment? END
START who is the taoiseach in the uk? END
START when is the taoiseach reelected? END
START most parliamentary governments need to have the support of what governmental body? END
START which political division does not often utilize its power, if it has any? END
START what kind of referendum can the lower house of parliament take against the government? END
START what needs the support of the upper house of parliment? END
START what does the lower house seldom use? END
START what kind of referendum can the lower house take against the upper house of parliment? END
START who can put a stop the parliamentary attempts at dissovling itself in some areas? END
START if the head of state prevents the dissolution of parliament, what needs to happen? END
START in contemporary parliamentary governments, which official is usually in charge of asking parliament to dissolve? END
START who has the power to disolve parliment? END
START who can the prime minister damand a resignation from? END
START what kind of dissalution can parliment request? END
START when was the convention of prime ministers initiating the dissolution of parliament started? END
START in ireland, when was the power to dissolve parliament assigned to the prime minister? END
START the 1922 irish free state constitution previously gave what body the power to dissolve parliament? END
START what was the executive council an alternate name for? END
START who lost the power to request a dissolution of parliment in 1918? END
START since when has the power to request a dissalution belonged to the whole government? END
START what does the executive council have the power to do in ireland? END
START what could the taoiseach due prior to 1922 END
START what process signals the need for the prime minister to resign in australia? END
START what motion requires the head of state to step down in australia? END
START who sucefully stopped a spill motion in australia? END
START what is the russian term for prime minister? END
START what is the israeli term for prime minister? END
START what is the term used in spain for prime minister? END
START what is the irish term for prime minister? END
START who is chairmen of the government in ireland? END
START what is another termfor rosh hamemshalah in russia? END
START what is the italian term for the prime minister? END
START what is the native term for prime minister in scandinavia? END
START what does the title satsminister refer to in italy? END
START who is nown as the prime minister in federations? END
START what is a term that is used to mean prime minister? END
START which countries use the term chancellor to denote the head of government? END
START what is the head of monaco's government called? END
START what is the term for the highest position in government in vatican city? END
START what is the head of iran's government called? END
START what is the secretary of state in italy? END
START who is head of state and government in iran? END
START in what kinds of nations can the head of government attain the title of excellency? END
START what honorific title can be given to prime ministers in commonwealth nations? END
START what are british prime ministers part of that grants them the title right honourable? END
START what is an example of a country where prime ministers can be called right honourable solely because of their position? END
START what is the prime minister entitled to in commonwealth countries? END
START who is called honourable in non commonwealth countries? END
START who can not be part of the privy council? END
START what kind of government is in operation in the united kingdom? END
START what are the heads of government in wales, scotland and northern ireland called? END
START what is the indian term for prime minister? END
START what is the term for prime minister in pakistan? END
START what does wazir-e-azam mean in english? END
START what is undeveloped in the uk? END
START what is the head of government's office called in canada? END
START what is the head of government's office called in the uk? END
START what is the cabinet in canada? END
START what never includes the role of cabinet? END
START what istitutions were prestiges in the 1900's END
START what empire expanded in the 1900's? END
START who avoided using the the british model o cabinet government? END
START what's a common abbreviation for the term institute of technology? END
START in what century did the term polytechnic first show up? END
START what school founded in 1794 first used a form of the word polytechnic in its name? END
START what language does the french word polytechnique come from? END
START what word means the same thing as "institute of technology"? END
START what was the first institute of technology in the world? END
START what war led to the increased popularity of institutes of technology and polytechnics? END
START what was the founding name of the braunschweig university of technology? END
START in what year was the école polytechnique founded? END
START what kind of institutions do countries like germany and switzerland consider institutes of technology to be? END
START in what year were polytechnics in the uk given the university designation? END
START what is the name of the royal polytechnic institution now? END
START what street is the university of westminster on? END
START what term was used in some countries to describe select universities that focus on technological education in applied science and engineering? END
START what name did some universities switch to in the 1990s for marketing purposes? END
START what system were institutes of technology a part of during the seventies, eighties, and early nineties? END
START what's the four-letter abbreviation for technically minded technical and further education institutes? END
START what is the new name of the northern melbourne institute of tafe? END
START tafe tasmania started a three-year restructuring in what year? END
START in australia, how many universities are recognized as universities of technology? END
START what's the german word for a tertiary education institution? END
START in addition to bachelor's degrees, what other kind of degree can one earn from a fachhochschule? END
START what term is used in belgium and the netherlands to refer to an institution like a german fachhochschule? END
START what term refers to the process that a hogeschool undergoes before it's able to award master's degrees? END
START how many institutes of technology in the netherlands have converted into full-fledged universities in the past few decades? END
START how many technical universities are there in the netherlands today? END
START what country has institutes of technology/polytechnic institutes from which students can earn certificates, diplomas, and degrees? END
START what are polytechnic divisions of national universities called in canada? END
START in what city is the école polytechnique de montréal located? END
START in addition to private equity and industry sources, what's a third source of research funding for institutions of higher learning in canada? END
START what is canada's national alliance of 11 research-focused schools called? END
START what kind of projects does polytechnics canada sponsor that can lead to technology commercialization? END
START in what year was the imperial tientsin university founded in china? END
START what was the first university to offer courses in liberal arts? END
START what portion of china's elite universities still have a primary polytechnical focus today? END
START what year did croatia pass a law regarding polytechnic education? END
START what institution is in charge of tracking volcanic activity in the galápagos islands? END
START what observatory is the national observatory of ecuador? END
START what school oversees the quito astronomical observatory? END
START when was the quito astronomical observatory founded? END
START epn's nuclear science department is among how many of its kind in ecuador? END
START if the mission is achieved, professionals will apply what they've learned to what goal? END
START mit raised money to cover tuition, room and board for what number of students? END
START what's the equivalent of universities of technology in french-speaking areas? END
START how many credits were needed for an m.sc. (tech.) degree before the bologna process? END
START how many credits were needed for an m.sc. from a traditional university prior to the bologna process? END
START in what country are polytechnic schools designated uniquely from academic universities? END
START what word means polytechnic school in finnish? END
START what's the swedish word for a polytechnic school? END
START universities that encompass several engineering schools provide curricula in sciences and what other field? END
START what are an institute of technology called in france? END
START what's the three-letter acronym for institut universitaire de technologie? END
START what's the term in german for what those in french-speaking switzerland call haute école specialisée? END
START in eastern europe, what is the word for an institute of technology? END
START what century in france's history included the french école polytechnique that influenced education systems in other countries? END
START what term in brasil and spain refers to a polytechnic institute? END
START fachhochschulen first came about in the early years of what decade? END
START fachhochschulen favor an education in what, as opposed to research? END
START in addition to technology, fachhochschulen offer courses in social science, medicine, design, and what other discipline? END
START what's the abbreviation for a technische universität? END
START what's the main focus of a technische universität? END
START which department's faculty can be associated with university hospitals? END
START how many technische universitäten make up the tu9 german institutes of technology? END
START how many institutes of technology are there in germany? END
START what's the approximate number of students in germany who are enrolled in a university of technology? END
START which german state has the highest ratio of universities of technology to standard universities? END
START what's the joint project of tu clausthal, tu braunschweig, and the university of hanover called? END
START what's the name of the act that changed how greek public institutes of technology were designated? END
START what was the very first polytechnic school in hong kong? END
START what was the original name of hong kong polytechnic? END
START in what year was the city polytechnic of hong kong founded? END
START what hong kong university was created in 1991? END
START when did the two polytechnic schools in hong kong receive status as universities? END
START what kind of mining did the world's first institute of technology prepare students for? END
START what's the founding year of the first institute of technology ever? END
START who established the berg-schola? END
START how many private institutes of technology are there in india? END
START how many government-affiliated institutes of technology are there in india? END
START what organization oversees india's technical education institutions? END
START what's the name of the diploma awarded in india for technical or vocational coursework? END
START how many government-owned public institutes of technology does indonesia have? END
START rather than four-year bachelor's degrees, politeknik offer a diploma after how many years? END
START what was the original name of ireland's institute of technology system? END
START what irish institute of technology evolved independently of the regional technical college system? END
START what term in higher education refers to technical universities that award engineering degrees? END
START traditionally, how many politecnici were there? END
START what city houses the headquarters of the istituto italiano di tecnologia? END
START what college was the forerunner for the engineering faculty at the university of tokyo? END
START what area of discipline do japan's institutes of technology specialize in? END
START what country has operated polytechnic institutes for nearly 44 years? END
START what international organization partnered with malaysia's ministry of education in 1969? END
START in what city in the state of perak is the politeknik ungku omar located? END
START how many polytechnic institutes does malaysia have now? END
START how many students were enrolled in polytechnic schools in malaysia in 2009? END
START how many students were enrolled in polytechnic schools in malaysia in 2012? END
START what's the name of mauritius's sole technical university? END
START what's the focus of mauritius's university of technology's specialized mission? END
START what country considers their polytechnics, universities, and colleges state-owned institutions? END
START what does ucol stand for? END
START in what year was the education act originally passed in new zealand? END
START what school did massey university combine with? END
START in what decade did new zealand's tertiary education institutions begin consolidation? END
START what school considered a merger with waikato institute of technology that was later abandoned? END
START what island was waiarapa polytechnic located on before it merged with ucol? END
START what's the only polytechnic school in new zealand to be designated a university? END
START in pakistan, a student's tests in what grade determine their admission to a diploma program? END
START what are people being trained for, mainly, in pakistan's polytechnic institutes? END
START how many years does it usually take to earn a diploma from polytechnic schools in pakistan? END
START what two-letter abbreviation is used for undergraduate engineering  courses? END
START what's pakistan's program called that's comparable to the british a level? END
START what word do they use in poland for an institute of technology? END
START what is the portuguese word for the short-cycle degrees awarded prior to 1988? END
START what process was instituted in 2007 that brought master's degrees to the polytechnic education system? END
START what's the name of singapore's centralized institute that students can attend before university? END
START how many polytechnics are there in singapore? END
START how many years of study would it take to obtain a degree from a polytechnic in singapore? END
START what queen set up the banská akadémia? END
START what year was the banská akadémia founded? END
START the banská akadémia was originally intended for training workers in what two precious metals? END
START what year did teaching start at the banská akadémia? END
START what are the university buildings still standing at the banská akadémia used for now? END
START what are polytechnics called in south africa? END
START what year did technikons gain the ability to give out technology degrees? END
START when did technikons start being integrated with traditional south african universities? END
START most institutes of technology in thailand were born out of what other type of institutions? END
START what type of degree were thailand's technical colleges historically not allowed to confer? END
START what's the new name of pathumwan technical school? END
START what did the thonburi technology institute become after its name change? END
START what was the previous name of rajamangala university of technology? END
START what is the name of thammasat university's engineering school? END
START what is thailand's only government-established and owned institute of technology? END
START what year was suranaree university of technology founded? END
START what is the name of the best-known private institute of technology in thailand? END
START what institute of technology opened in bursa in 2010? END
START when konya technical university opens, how many total institutes of technology will there be in turkey and the ottoman empire? END
START what two cities in turkey acquired institutes of technology in the 1950s? END
START what year did uk polytechnics start functioning in a binary education system? END
START what organization validates degrees received from polytechnic schools? END
START what two-word term does scotland use to describe their technological universities? END
START what was the first polytechnic in britain originally named? END
START how many institutes of science and technology were affiliated with the university of wales? END
START what was the name loughborough university was known by from 1966 to 1996? END
START in what decade did colleges of technology gain the university designation? END
START what act allowed polytechnic schools to become universities? END
START the further and higher education act 1992 allows polytechnics to award degrees without what organization's approval? END
START if a technical institute is affiliated with a local university, what does its designation become? END
START what century brought the advent of technical schools or technical institutes? END
START a student would attend a technical institute before a university or polytechnic but after what? END
START in what year was rensselaer polytechnic institute founded? END
START which of the three earliest technological universities was founded most recently, in 1861? END
START what type of economy was technical education in venezuela intended to support? END
START when did venezuela begin to create institutes of technology? END
START what city in venezuela had the first iut? END
START who pioneered using the french system of technological education? END
