START what is 'a friendly' another term for? END
START what is 'a scrimmage' another term for? END
START what is 'a demonstration' another term for? END
START what is 'a preseason game' another term for? END
START what is 'a warmup match' another term for? END
START what is another name for a postseason game? END
START what type of game that the players rank or standing depend on? END
START who does this type of game help players choose? END
START what type of game is always between parts of the same team? END
START what do these types of games help coaches do an individual sports? END
START what type of exhibition game showcases the best players? END
START what are exhibition games in the olympics? END
START what can an exhibition game raise money for? END
START what can an exhibition game settle? END
START what type of exhibition game showcases average players? END
START what type of game do national competitions to demonstrate a sport? END
START how is the official determination of who is the best in the world made? END
START what type of game is used to provide immature entertainment? END
START what were the most common type of matches in the early days of soccer? END
START when did the football league begin in england? END
START by what year had national football leagues been formed in nearly every country? END
START what did the growth of national leagues cause a serious decline in? END
START during the early days of what sport were unfriendly matches the most common matches? END
START when did the football league beginning your? END
START what was established in addition to brief derby in cup tournaments? END
START by what year were regional leagues establish in almost every country? END
START what increase the significance of friendly's since the nineteenth century? END
START when do football clubs still play friendlies? END
START what type of football matches are non-competitive? END
START what do some friendlies change the rules to make unlimited? END
START what are some examples of friendly short football tournaments? END
START what do friendly short football tournaments have little of? END
START it when went to football clubs not play friendly's? END
START what type of football matches are considered to be competitive? END
START what allows teams to play older more experienced players? END
START what are rarely one-off matches? END
START what type of games have trophies and prestige attached to them? END
START what do friendlies help international teams prepare for? END
START which type of team lacks time to prepare for tournaments? END
START what do international leagues' friendlies happen in the middle of? END
START what concern has caused national associations and clubs to disagree about friendlies? END
START when do international teams not qualify for friendly's? END
START why are friendly's nonessential for major tournaments? END
START internationals and what other friendly's mostly take place during club league season END
START which type of team has the most time to prepare for tournaments? END
START what do national associations and clubs agree on when it comes to tournaments? END
START what do friendlies allow managers to experiment with? END
START what can happen to players who get red or yellow cards in friendlies? END
START what kind of record do players' goals in friendlies count for? END
START when did fifa decide to limit substitutions in international friendlies? END
START what absurd number of substitutions had some international teams been making in friendlies before 2004? END
START what do club friendly's give team managers a chance to experiment with? END
START who can use friendly's to assess the ability of different teams and clubs? END
START who ruled that unlimited substitutions were allowed in international friendly's? END
START who was making as many as eleven substitutions per tournament? END
START what color cards determine whether players can participate in league games? END
START where are "exhibition match" and "friendly match" not synonymous? END
START what are two examples of leagues holding all-star exhibition matches? END
START what are 'friendlies' for charity usually called in the uk? END
START what are 'friendlies' to honor a player usually called in the uk? END
START in what two countries does exhibition match and friendly match refer to the same type of game? END
START who calls annual all-star matches friendly's? END
START what type of one-off match may be called a friendly? END
START what kind of friendly matches are held by the us major league soccer or japan japanese league? END
START when did the nfl limit teams to 9 preseason games? END
START what country's teams did us teams sometimes play exhibition games against in the 1980s? END
START in what year did the nhl play against world hockey association teams? END
START where is time warner cable arena? END
START what hockey arena is in ontario, california? END
START what agreement limits teams to nine postseason games? END
START during what years did ahl teams plate exhibition games against the soviet union? END
START who did nhl teams play against in postseason training? END
START where did the ahl sometimes schedule exhibition games END
START what canadian city got of protein in 1995? END
START what nationality is the flying fathers team? END
START what religion is the flying fathers team? END
START who founded the flying fathers? END
START what league were most members of the buffalo sabres alumni hockey team from? END
START where are the saores based? END
START what is what is the name of the team of north american priests? END
START what nationality with the protestant priests of the flying fathers? END
START which founder of the flying fathers was once an ahl player? END
START what exhibition team is made up of almost all nhl players? END
START what is the name of the nhl team from buffalo? END
START which states do mlb teams do spring training in? END
START what is the mlb preseason league in arizona called? END
START what is the mlb preseason league in florida called? END
START how many preseason games does each mlb team play? END
START what is it called when an mlb team plays two preseason games in one day with different rosters? END
START what is the minor league baseball preseason known as? END
START which mlb teams do spring training in arkansas in florida? END
START how many preseason games are played against minor league teams? END
START what is it called when a team placed two games in the same day with the same roster? END
START what type of games are sometimes played against high school or local college teams? END
START what development has made it unnecessary for mlb teams to play exhibition games with teams from other leagues? END
START what league are the toronto bluejays in? END
START what league are the montreal expos in? END
START what game do the bluejays play against the expos? END
START when did the mayor's trophy game end? END
START what has eight regular-season interleague play unnecessary END
START what other canadian team did the national league toronto blue jays play?  END
START which canadian teams played in the mayor's trophy game END
START what major league new york team played for the piercing cup? END
START what concerns have reduced minor league exhibition games? END
START what inter-city exhibition game did chicago have? END
START what inter-city exhibition game did new york have? END
START in what month is the mlb all-star game held? END
START what did the mlb all-star winning team gain in the world series? END
START what kind of exhibition game is still popular between major and minor league teams? END
START what made these type of exhibition games more popular? END
START what kind of play is now for bragging rights only END
START what does the loser of the all-star game get the following year END
START what game between two al teams is considered an exhibition gave END
START how many preseason games do nba teams play? END
START where are the timberwolves based? END
START where are the suns based? END
START the suns' exhibition game in indian wells, ca is the only time an nba game is played in what setting? END
START what venue do the suns play at in indian wells? END
START what basketball association placed eight postseason games END
START who almost always plays each other in the postseason? END
START what lead has teams play each other outside of their market areas? END
START what is the only nba game that's played in an indoor venue? END
START when did the nba play preseason games against the aba? END
START what legendary team did the nba sometimes formerly play against? END
START on what continents have nba teams played preseason games outside the us? END
START how many preseason games were nba teams limited to in the 2011-12 season? END
START what is the main european basketball club? END
START when did the nba play postseason games against the aba? END
START what legendary team does the nba still play against? END
START what two continents has the nba never played a preseason gaming? END
START in what two seasons the teams have unlimited preseason games due to lockouts? END
START what two seasons in the nba not playing europe and asia? END
START what is an example of a corporate sponsor of a basketball team? END
START what is an example of a team of former college players? END
START when did the fiba stop allowing pros on foreign national teams? END
START when did the ncaa decide college teams could only play other college teams? END
START how often does the ncaa allow college teams to go overseas? END
START how did minor college basketball teams begin their season? END
START what kind of teams were made up of college players? END
START what did the fiba allow? END
START who allowed games between non-college teams in 2003? END
START where do minor basketball teams still travel to. END
START how many preseason exhibition games does an nfl team play? END
START what is the one exception to the nfl's 4-preseason-game limit? END
START what month are most nfl preseason games in? END
START how many players can an nfl team have in the off-season? END
START how many players can an nfl team have in the regular season? END
START how many postseason exhibition games doesn't nfl team play END
START what team sport has very unstructured preseason's? END
START what games are played to help coaches expand the roster? END
START what bowl game is traditionally played the beginning of the nfl season END
START what was the last year that nfl teams were only allowed to play other nfl teams? END
START how many exhibition games did the arena football league have per year in the early 2000s? END
START what type of league commonly plays unstructured exhibition games? END
START what is a team called that is in the process of joining a league? END
START indoor league teams sometimes play against what type of outdoor league team? END
START who had two-game exhibition seasons in the late 2000's END
START what started this practice in 2003? END
START what is relatively uncommon among indoor american football leagues? END
START what is it uncommon for small leagues to join other leagues as? END
START at what level do teams not switch leagues frequently occur in a walk END
START what consideration is more important for college teams than exhibition games? END
START what is a game called in which a team plays against itself? END
START championships are decided by formulas for college teams below what level? END
START what kind of games exist between opposing colleges at the highest level? END
START what kind of polling is not important in college football? END
START what is a game called in which a team plays against another team? END
START how are championships decided at levels above football bowl subdivision? END
START major fbs teams can have lopsided victories against what kinds of lesser opponents? END
START why do smaller schools want to play against major fbs teams? END
START how many wins are required for an fbs team to be eligible for the bowl? END
START how many games between fbs and fcs teams count towards the fbs's bowl eligibility? END
START when did the college football playoff system begin? END
START who schedules early-season conference home games? END
START i what provides a small appearance fee and a guaranteed television appearance for small schools? END
START how many losses before fbs team is ineligible for the ball END
START when did the college football playoff system and? END
START why are major teams now encouraged to schedule weaker opponents further nonconference schedule? END
START when is the usual high school academic term? END
START what is the most common type of high school football exhibition game? END
START what year of players are in high school football all-star games? END
START what are two examples of high school football all-star games? END
START what do high school all-star players hope to be seen by? END
START who frequently participate in controlled scrimmages? END
START what is the least common type of high school football exhibition game? END
START what makes exhibition games common? END
START what access showcases for players to be seen by pro teams? END
START what type of exhibition game do freshmen normally playing? END
START how many exhibition events per year does the nascar sprint cup have? END
START where is the sprint unlimited held? END
START where is the sprint all-star race held? END
START what does the winner of the sprint unlimited get? END
START where is calder park thunderdome? END
START what organizations don't offer prize money but do offer championship points for exhibition games? END
START what to exhibition races don't offer a large purse END
START what race is held at charlottesville END
START where is the sprint limited held? END
START what australian venue is a suzuki circuit held at? END
START what was northwestern's founding purpose in 1851? END
START when did instruction begin at northwestern? END
START when were women first admitted to northwestern? END
START how many acres is the modern-day northwestern campus in evanston? END
START what programs are offered at northwestern's quatar campus? END
START which great lake is northwestern located along? END
START what is the name of the city located 12 miles north of northwestern? END
START who rejected northwestern university? END
START  what year was northwestern destroyed? END
START  in what year did northwestern university stop teaching? END
START where did northwestern university opened an additional campus at in 2007? END
START what year were men allowed to attend northwestern university? END
START in what environment was the foundation for northwestern university planned on may 31, 1850? END
START who granted a charter to the trustees of the north-western university in january of 1851? END
START what was the religious affiliation of all 9 founding members of northwestern? END
START how many of northwestern's 9 founders were ministers? END
START which church did the 9 founders of northwestern affiliate the university with? END
START how many sellers did northwestern university have? END
START  what type of church is northwestern university unassociated with? END
START what was the date that lay down the foundation for southwestern university? END
START  how many ministers founded southwestern university? END
START  what denomination did the all of the founders disassociate with? END
START what was the name of the first building opened in 1855? END
START what did northwestern sell to raise funds for it's first building? END
START who received free tuition after buying the $100 perpetual scholarships? END
START who did northwestern merge with in 1873? END
START who was northwestern's first dean of women? END
START  what was the name of the first building opened in 1955? END
START  what did southwestern sell to raise funds for it's first building? END
START who received free tuition after buying the $5600 perpetual scholarships? END
START  who did northwestern merge with in 1973? END
START  who was northwestern's first dean of men? END
START what sports team did northwestern field its first of in 1882? END
START which already existing schools did northwestern affiliate itself with in the 1870's and 1880's? END
START what is the oldest law school in chicago? END
START what organization invited northwestern to become a member in 1917? END
START what type of member was northwestern of the big ten conference? END
START  what sports team did northwestern field its first of in 1982? END
START  which already existing schools did southwestern affiliate itself with in the 1870's and 1880's? END
START what is the youngest law school in chicago? END
START what type of member was northwestern of the big eight conference? END
START what type of campus did northwestern begin construction of during walter dill scott's presidency? END
START what was the orginal name for northwestern's ryan field? END
START what merger was proposed and rejected in 1933? END
START what was northwestern one of the first six universities in the u.s. to establish in the 1920's? END
START what first-ever game did northwestern host in 1939? END
START what type of campus did northwestern begin construction of during walter dill scott's vice-presidency? END
START  what was the orginal name for northwestern's bryan field? END
START  what merger was proposed and rejected in 1973? END
START what was northwestern one of the first seven universities in the u.s. to establish in the 1920's? END
START  what second-ever game did northwestern host in 1939? END
START which war transformed many colleges, including northwestern? END
START between 1939 and 1949, how many military officers and personnel were trained on the evanston and chicago campuses? END
START under what bill did enrollments surge after the war? END
START what center was founded by melville j. herskovits in 1948? END
START in 1978, what famous attacks occured at northwestern? END
START  which war transformed many high schools, including northwestern? END
START between 1939 and 1949, how many military officers and personnel weren't trained on the evanston and chicago campuses? END
START  under what bill did nonenrollments surge after the war? END
START what center was founded by melville j. herskovits in 1978? END
START  in 1938, what famous attacks occured at northwestern? END
START in 1999, who uncovered information that exonerated death row inmate anthony porter only 2 days before his scheduled death? END
START what northwestern program is responsible for exonerating more than 10 men? END
START in 2003, where did governor george ryan announce that the sentences of more than 150 death row inmates would be commuted? END
START what was president arnold r. weber able to do with northwestern's finances as the government's support of universities declined in the 70's and 80's? END
START in 1999, who uncovered information that exonerated death row inmate anthony porter only 4 days before his scheduled death? END
START what northwestern program is responsible for exonerating more than 15 men? END
START in 2003, where did governor george ryan announce that the sentences of less than 10 death row inmates would be commuted? END
START what was president arnold r. weber able to do with northwestern's finances as the government's support of universities rose in the 70's and 80's? END
START what has been northwestern's official color since 1892? END
START why did northwestern replace it's original official colors of black and gold? END
START what is the meaning of the latin phrase on northwestern's seal? END
START what does the greek phrase that is inscribed on the pages of an open book on the seal mean? END
START what color besides purple is often considered an official color of northwestern? END
START what has been northwestern's official color since 1822? END
START why did northwestern replace it's original official colors of yellow and gold? END
START  what is the meaning of the french phrase on northwestern's seal? END
START what does the greek phrase that is inscribed on the pages of an closed book on the seal mean? END
START what color besides blue is often considered an official color of northwestern? END
START how did northwestern create 84 additional acres in the 1960's? END
START which campus holds the undergraduate schools, the graduate school, and the kellogg school of management? END
START what is noticably different between northwestern's north and south campuses? END
START which campus is home to the fraternity quads? END
START which campus is home to the music and art buildings? END
START how did northwestern create 84 additional acres in the 1930's? END
START  which campus holds the undergraduate schools, the graduate school, and the rice krispie school of management? END
START what is noticably similar between northwestern's north and south campuses? END
START  which campus is not home to the fraternity quads? END
START  which campus is not home to the music and art buildings? END
START what is the name of the chicago transit authority's elevated train through evanston? END
START what was chicago's purple line train route named after? END
START which train stations are within walking distance of the southern end of campus? END
START which train station is close to the northern end of campus? END
START what is the name of northwestern's football stadium? END
START what is the name of the chicago transit authority's elevated train through central? END
START  what was chicago's blue line train route named after? END
START  which train stations are within driving distance of the southern end of campus? END
START  which train station is close to the southern end of campus? END
START  what is the name of northwestern's soccer stadium? END
START in 1920, how many acres were purchased for $8 million for a new central chicago campus? END
START what style did architect james gamble rogers use for the principal buildings on the new chicago campus? END
START who donated $8 million in 1923 for the construction of the montgomery ward memorial building? END
START what two schools were housed in the montgomery ward memorial building? END
START which building became the first university skyscraper in the u.s.? END
START in 1920, how many acres were purchased for $10 million for a new central chicago campus? END
START  what style did architect james gamble rogers use for the principal buildings on the new lsd campus? END
START who donated $10 million in 1923 for the construction of the montgomery ward memorial building? END
START  what was the third schools were housed in the montgomery ward memorial building? END
START  which building became the second university skyscraper in the u.s.? END
START what branch did northwestern open in education city, doha, qatar? END
START what bachelor's degree is offered at nu-q through the medill school of journalism? END
START who provided the funding for the construction and administrative costs for nu-q? END
START how long is the nu-q branch of northwestern scheduled to operate through an agreement in 2016? END
START what bachelor's degree is offered at nu-q through the school of communication? END
START what branch did southwestern open in education city, doha, qatar? END
START what non-bachelor's degree is offered at nu-q through the medill school of journalism? END
START who provided the funding for the construction and administrative costs for ni-q? END
START how long is the nu-q branch of northwestern scheduled to operate through an agreement in 2006? END
START what bachelor's degree is offered at ni-q through the school of communication? END
START in 2009, who named northwestern as one of the top 10 universities in the country in purchasing renewable energy? END
START how much of the university's total annual electric bill is represented by the green power commitment? END
START what grade was given to northwestern on the 2010 college sustainability report card  by the sustainable endowments institute? END
START which epa club is northwestern university included in? END
START who sponsored the green power partnership? END
START in 2009, who named northwestern as one of the top 5 universities in the country in purchasing renewable energy? END
START how much of the university's total annual electric bill is represented by the red power commitment? END
START  what grade was given to northwestern on the 2011 college sustainability report card by the sustainable endowments institute? END
START  which ipa club is northwestern university included in? END
START  who sponsored the red power partnership? END
START what is the required certification for all northwestern buildings? END
START what percentage of improvement over energy code requirements will be the goal of all new construction and renovations? END
START what does the evanston campus framework plan outline? END
START how many tons of waste are recycled at northwestern yearly? END
START how is all university landscape waste used? END
START what is the required certification for all southwestern buildings? END
START what percentage of improvement over energy code requirements will be the goal of all old construction and renovations? END
START  what doesn't the evanston campus framework plan outline? END
START  how many gallons of waste are recycled at northwestern yearly? END
START how is no university landscape waste used? END
START who governs northwestern? END
START how many members are on northwestern's board of trustees? END
START who does the board of trustees delegate it's power to? END
START how many presidents, excluding interrims, has northwestern had? END
START who has a staff of vice-presidents, directors, and other administrative assistants? END
START who governs southwestern? END
START  how many members are on southwestern's board of trustees? END
START who doesn't the board of trustees delegate it's power to? END
START  how many presidents, excluding interrims, has southwestern had? END
START who doesn't have a staff of vice-presidents, directors, and other administrative assistants? END
START how many undergraduate programs are offered by northwestern? END
START how many graduate and professional programs are offered by northwestern? END
START how many master's degrees did northwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term? END
START how many doctoral degrees did northwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term? END
START how many bachelor's degrees did northwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term? END
START how many undergraduate programs are offered by southwestern? END
START how many graduate and professional programs are offered by southwestern? END
START how many master's degrees did northwestern confer during the 2013-2014 school term? END
START how many doctoral degrees did northwestern confer during the 2014-2015 school term? END
START  how many bachelor's degrees did southwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term? END
START which 4-year program comprises the majority of enrollments at northwestern? END
START who sets individual degree requirements at northwestern? END
START how many quarters are undergraduates required to complete on campus to graduate? END
START how many courses do undergrads typically take each quarter? END
START how many weeks is one academic quarter at northwestern? END
START which 4-year program comprises the minority of enrollments at northwestern? END
START  who sets non-individual degree requirements at northwestern? END
START  how many halves are undergraduates required to complete on campus to graduate? END
START  how many courses do undergrads typically take each semester? END
START  how many months is one academic quarter at northwestern? END
START what was the total undergrad tuition for the 2012/2013 school year? END
START on what basis does northwestern award financial aid? END
START what percentage of the june 2010 graduates received federal or private loans? END
START what was the average debt for the june 2010 graduates? END
START how much financial aid did northwestern process for the 2009-2010 academic year? END
START what was the total undergrad tuition for the 2015/2016 school year? END
START  on what basis does southwestern award financial aid? END
START what percentage of the june 2011 graduates received federal or private loans? END
START how much financial aid did northwestern process for the 2019-2011 academic year? END
START in the fall of 2014, which school did 40.6% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2014, which school did 21.3% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2014, which school did 14.3% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2014, which school did 11.7% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2014, which school did 5.7% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2012, which school did 40.6% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2011, which school did 21.3% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2013, which school did 14.3% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START in the fall of 2015, which school did 11.7% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START  in the fall of 2024, which school did 5.7% of undergraduates enroll in? END
START how selective are admissions at northwestern characterized by u.s. news & world report? END
START what percentage of applications were admitted for the undergraduate class entering in 2016? END
START what percentage of freshman students enrolling in the class of 2019 ranked in the top 10% of their high school class? END
START for freshman enrolling in the class of 2019, what was the interquartile range on the sat for critical reading? END
START for freshman enrolling in the class of 2019, what was the interquartile range on the sat for math? END
START how selective are admissions at southwestern characterized by u.s. news & world report? END
START what percentage of applications were admitted for the undergraduate class entering in 2017? END
START what percentage of freshman students enrolling in the class of 2009 ranked in the top 11% of their high school class? END
START for freshman enrolling in the class of 2019, what was the interquartile range on the act for critical reading? END
START for freshman enrolling in the class of 2017, what was the interquartile range on the sat for math? END
START what city college initiative did northwestern announce signing on with in 2016? END
START who encouraged local universities to increase opportunities for students in the public school districts? END
START through the chicago star partnership, what is provided to students from chicago public schools that meet further educational criteria? END
START which mayor influenced the chicago star partnership? END
START what city college initiative did southwestern announce signing on with in 2016? END
START  who encouraged local universities to decrease opportunities for students in the public school districts? END
START  through the chicago star partnership, what is provided to students from chicago private schools that meet further educational criteria? END
START  which mayor influenced the illinois star partnership? END
START how many libraries are on the evanston campus? END
START how many volumes does the university library contain? END
START how does the university library rank among north american university libraries? END
START what does the google book search project help libraries with? END
START what is the largest african collection in the world that is part of the northwesern library system? END
START how many libraries are on the illinois campus? END
START how many volumes does the college library contain? END
START how does the university library rank among south american university libraries? END
START  what does the amazon book search project help libraries with? END
START what is the largest african collection in the world that is part of the southwesern library system? END
START when was northwestern elected to the association of american universities? END
START which of northwestern's schools are among the most academically productive in the nation? END
START in 2014, how much research funding did northwestern receive? END
START who discovered the drug that was ultimately marketed as lyrica? END
START how many companies were started through northwestern's innovations and new ventures office? END
START when was southwestern elected to the association of american universities? END
START which of southwestern's schools are among the most academically productive in the nation? END
START  in 2012, how much research funding did northwestern receive? END
START  who discovered the drug that was never marketed as lyrica? END
START how many companies were started through southwestern's innovations and new ventures office? END
START where is the home of the center for catalysis and surface science? END
START where is the home of the international institute for nanotechnology? END
START where is the home of the materials research center? END
START where is the home for the institute for policy research? END
START where is the home of the buffet center for international and comparative studies? END
START where isn't the home of the center for catalysis and surface science? END
START where is the home of the national institute for nanotechnology? END
START  where is the home of the non-materials research center? END
START  where is the home for the institute for non-policy research? END
START where is the home of the buffet center for national and comparative studies? END
START how much money has the traditional northwestern dance marathon raised for children's charities? END
START what do students do during the traditional primal scream event held before finals week every quarter? END
START what is the popular name for northwestern's traditional armadillo day? END
START when is armadillo day held every year? END
START what name is freshman orientation known as? END
START how much money has the traditional southwestern dance marathon raised for children's charities? END
START what do students do during the traditional primal scream event held before finals week every year? END
START  what is the popular name for southwestern's traditional armadillo day? END
START  what name is sophomore orientation known as? END
START what do students traditionally do at the beginning of each football game kickoff? END
START what football game tradition has since been discontinued? END
START what color does the clock tower glow after a winning football game? END
START what noise do students make when the opposing team has control of the football? END
START how long does the clock tower remain purple after a winning game? END
START what do students traditionally do at the beginning of each soccer game kickoff? END
START  what soccer game tradition has since been discontinued? END
START what color does the clock tower glow after a winning soccer game? END
START what noise do students make when the opposing team has control of the soccer? END
START how long does the clock tower remain white after a winning game? END
START what are the two most notable productions each year at northwestern? END
START who is the waa-muu show primarily written and produced by? END
START what does stuco stand for? END
START how many student theatre companies does stuco organize? END
START which theater company was founded by several northwestern alumni in 1988? END
START what are the two most notable productions each year at southwestern? END
START  who is the waa-muu show primarily sung by? END
START  what does stupo stand for? END
START  how many student theatre companies does studo organize? END
START which theater company was founded by several southwestern alumni in 1988? END
START what 30 hour event raised more than a million dollars for charity in 2011? END
START what is the name of the halloween celebration to which over 800 local children are invited? END
START what is the name of the northwestern program for students interested in community service? END
START what is the name of the university's group service-learning expedition in asia, africa or latin america? END
START what does ncdc stand for? END
START what 24 hour event raised more than a million dollars for charity in 2011? END
START what is the name of the halloween celebration to which over 700 local children are invited? END
START what is the name of the northwestern program for teachers interested in community service? END
START  what is the name of the university's group service-learning expedition in australia? END
START  what does icdc stand for? END
START what percentage of undergraduates were affiliated with a fraternity or sorority in winter 2013? END
START how many fraternities does northwestern recognize? END
START how many sororities does northwestern recognize? END
START what is the name of the residential college that houses students with an interest in science and engineering? END
START which dorms are commonly referred to as plex? END
START what percentage of undergraduates were affiliated with a fraternity or sorority in winter 2011? END
START  how many fraternities does southwestern recognize? END
START how many sororities does southwestern recognize? END
START what is the name of the residential college that houses students with an interest in english? END
START  which dorms are commonly referred to as flex? END
START what is the name of northwestern's main student newspaper? END
START who is the daily northwestern entirely directed by? END
START who owns the daily northwestern? END
START what is the name of northwestern's undergraduate yearbook? END
START what undergraduate satirical magazine was founded in 2009? END
START  what is the name of southwestern's main student newspaper? END
START  who is the daily southwestern entirely directed by? END
START  who owns the daily southwestern? END
START  what is the name of southwestern's undergraduate yearbook? END
START  what undergraduate satirical magazine was founded in 2007? END
START what is the name of the scholarly legal publication at northwestern school of law? END
START what type of journal does the law review strive to publish? END
START how many issues does the law review publish each year? END
START who publishes the northwestern journal of technology and intellectual property? END
START who makes the editorial decisions for the northwestern university law review? END
START what is the name of the scholarly legal publication at southwestern school of law? END
START  what type of songs do the law review strive to publish? END
START  how many songs does the law review publish each year? END
START who publishes the southwestern journal of technology and intellectual property? END
START what journal was founded in 2008 that features articles by professors and law students? END
START who funds the northwestern interdisciplinary law review? END
START how often is the northwestern interdisciplinary law review published? END
START who publishes the northwestern interdisciplinary law review? END
START what journal was founded in 2018 that features articles by professors and law students? END
START who funds the southwestern interdisciplinary law review? END
START how often is the southwestern interdisciplinary law review published? END
START  who publishes the southwestern interdisciplinary law review? END
START what is the name northwestern's humor website formed in 2011? END
START what do many of the writers staffed by sherman ave write under? END
START which website publishes the well known "freshman guide"? END
START what is the name northwestern's humor website formed in 2012? END
START  what do many of the singers staffed by sherman ave write under? END
START  which website publishes the well known "sophomore guide"? END
START what is the publication that is dedicated to the analysis of current events and public policy? END
START how many college campuses does politics & policy reach worldwide? END
START who completely runs politics and policy? END
START who partially funds politics and policy? END
START how often is politics & policy published? END
START what is the publication that is dedicated to the analysis of current events and private policy? END
START how many college campuses does politics & policy reach statewide? END
START  who doesn't run politics and policy? END
START  who completely funds politics and policy? END
START  how often is politics & policy not published? END
START how many men's intercollegiate athletic teams are fielded by northwestern? END
START how many women's intercollegiate athletic teams are fielded by northwestern? END
START how many consecutive ncaa championships did the women's larcrosse team win between 2005 and 2009? END
START who recognized the men's basketball team as the 1931 national champion? END
START how many of northwestern's 19 varsity programs had ncaa or bowl postseason appearances? END
START how many women's intercollegiate athletic teams are fielded by northwestern? END
START how many men's intercollegiate athletic teams are fielded by northwestern? END
START how many consecutive ncaa championships did the men's larcrosse team win between 2005 and 2009? END
START who recognized the women's basketball team as the 1931 national champion? END
START how many of southwestern's 19 varsity programs had ncaa or bowl postseason appearances? END
START where do northwestern's basketball, wrestling, and volleyball teams play? END
START what is the nickname given to northwestern's athletic teams? END
START what was the official nickname of northwestern's athletic teams prior to 1924? END
START what was the unofficial nickname of the northwestern athletic teams prior to 1924? END
START what name did the student body unsuccessfully try to rename the wildcats in 1972? END
START where do southwestern's basketball, wrestling, and volleyball teams play? END
START  what is the nickname given to southwestern's athletic teams? END
START what was the official nickname of northwestern's athletic teams prior to 1922 END
START what was the unofficial nickname of the northwestern athletic teams prior to 1921? END
START what name did the student body unsuccessfully try to rename the wildcats in 1970? END
START who is the mascot of northwestern athletics? END
START what was the first mascot of northwestern athletics? END
START what was the name of northwestern athletics's bear cub mascot? END
START who did the athletic team blame for it's first losing season? END
START what did the athletic team do with furpaw after they lost the first season? END
START who is the mascot of southwestern athletics? END
START  what was the second mascot of northwestern athletics? END
START what was the name of southwestern athletics's bear cub mascot? END
START  who did the athletic team blame for it's first losing season? END
START what did the athletic team do with furpaw after they lost the third season? END
START how many appearances has northwestern's football team made in the top 10 ap poll since 1936? END
START how many consecutive games did northwestern lose during it's longest losing streak between 1979 and 1982? END
START what was the first bowl game northwestern appeared in after 1949? END
START what was the first bowl won by northwestern after the 1949 rose bowl? END
START in 2006, which northwestern linebacker became the youngest division/fbs coach at the time? END
START how many appearances has southwestern's football team made in the top 10 ap poll since 1936? END
START how many consecutive games did northwestern lose during it's longest losing streak between 1980 and 1992? END
START what was the second bowl game northwestern appeared in after 1949? END
START what was the first bowl won by northwestern after the 1950 rose bowl? END
START what was the first bowl won by northwestern after the 1990 rose bowl? END
START what were 2 former northwestern basketball players charged and convicted for in 1998? END
START what did federal prosecutors indict four former players for in a separate betting scandal? END
START what did an autopsy reveal was in rashidi wheeler's system after he died during a practice? END
START in 2006, what prompted the women's soccer team coach, jenny haigh,  to resign? END
START after the death of rashidi wheeler in 2001, which athletic programs were investigated for stimulants and other banned substances? END
START what were 2 former northwestern soccer players charged and convicted for in 1998? END
START what did federal prosecutors indict eight former players for in a separate betting scandal? END
START what did an autopsy reveal was in rashidi wheeler's system after he died during a game? END
START in 2006, what prompted the women's football team coach, jenny haigh, to resign? END
START after the death of rashidi wheeler in 2010, which athletic programs were investigated for stimulants and other banned substances? END
START how many full-time faculty members does northwestern employ? END
START who is northwestern's faculty member notable for being a holocaust denier? END
START who is northwestern's faculty member notable for winning a pulitzer prize? END
START who is northwestern's faculty member notable for becoming a tony award-winning director? END
START who is northwestern's faculty member notable for winning the nobel prize? END
START how many full-time faculty members does southwestern employ? END
START who is southwestern's faculty member notable for being a holocaust denier? END
START who is southwestern's faculty member notable for winning a pulitzer prize? END
START  who is southwestern's faculty member notable for becoming a tony award-winning director? END
START  who is southwestern's faculty member notable for winning the nobel prize? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming a u.s. senator and presidential candidate? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the deputy prime minister of turkey? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for being the founder of the presidential prayer breakfast? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the governor of illinois and a presidential candidate? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the illinois governor and convicted felon? END
START which of southwestern's alumni is notable for becoming a u.s. senator and presidential candidate? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the deputy prime minister of china? END
START hich of southwestern's alumni is notable for being the founder of the presidential prayer breakfast? END
START  which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the governor of chicago and a presidential candidate? END
START which of northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the texas governor and convicted felon? END
START who founded the amsterdam based comedy theater boom chicago? END
START where did actor warren beatty attend school? END
START where did actor charlton heston attend school? END
START where did director gerald freedman attend school? END
START which alumni was a co-creator of "the young and the restless", and "the bold and the beautiful"? END
START who founded the amsterdam based comedy theater boom chicago? END
START  where didn't actor warren beatty attend school? END
START which alumni was an actor on "the young and the restless", and "the bold and the beautiful"? END
START  where didn't actor charlton heston attend school? END
START how many pulitzer prize laureates attended the medill school of journalism? END
START where did nbc correspondant kelly o'donnell attend school? END
START where did bestselling author george r. r. martin earn his b.s. and m.s.? END
START how many emmy awards did alumni elisabeth leamy receive? END
START which cbs correspondant graduated from the medill school of journalism? END
START how many pulitzer prize laureates attended the medill school of science? END
START  where did abc correspondant attend school? END
START  where did bestselling author george r. r. martin earn his phd? END
START  how many emmy awards didn't alumni elisabeth leamy receive? END
START which cbc correspondant graduated from the medill school of journalism? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine was the roswell park cancer institute named after? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine performed the first successful american open heart surgery? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine co-founded the mayo clinic? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine founded the american college of surgeons? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine was the first physician in space? END
START which graduate was the roswell ufo named after? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine performed the first successful african open heart surgery? END
START which graduate rejected the mayo clinic? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine founded the african college of surgeons? END
START which graduate of the feinburg school of medicine was the last physician in space? END
START what is the population of strasbourg in 2012? END
START what is the population of the transnational eurodistrict strasbourg-ortenau in 2014? END
START what is the predominant language in the region of alace? END
START what is the largest city in the acal region of france? END
START strasbourg has an official seat in what parliament? END
START strasbourg has an official seat in what parliament? END
START what is the predominant language in asace? END
START what kind of name is strasbourg? END
START in what year was the european parliament put in strasbourg? END
START what language dominated all of france for many years? END
START what is the largest metropolitan area in france? END
START how many people live in eurodistrict strasbourg-ortenau as of 2017? END
START how many people lived in strasbourg as of 2014? END
START what year was grande ile classified as a world heritage site? END
START what is the culture in strasbourg? END
START what is the largest islamic place of worship in france? END
START when was the strasbourg grand mosque inaugurated? END
START what is the second largest university in france? END
START in what year was university of strasbourg established? END
START what is the largest university in france? END
START in what year did manuel valls become the french interior minister? END
START besides catholics and protestants who else attends the university of strasbourg? END
START when did the first islamic people start living in strasbourg? END
START what river is on the border of france and germany? END
START the river ill flows parallel with what river for 4 kilometres? END
START what kind of waterways connect the river ill and river rhine within strasbourg? END
START strasbourg is situated on what border of france and germany? END
START what country is on the southern border of france? END
START what forms the western border of strasbourg? END
START how far is strasbourg from the german town kehl? END
START how far downstream from strasbourg does the river rhine and river ill meet? END
START what is a name of one of the artificial waterways in strasbourg? END
START what was strasbourg called in 12 bc? END
START what was the roman camp destroyed by? END
START who was leading the romans at argentoratum? END
START after what year was the legio viii augusta permanently stationed in argentoratum? END
START how many times was argentoratum rebuilt during the first and fifth centuries ad? END
START in what year did the romans establish a military outpost? END
START in what year were the legio xiv gemina roman legions first stationed in argentoratum? END
START in what year was the legio xxi rapax roman legions first stationed in argentoratum? END
START in what year was nero made emperor? END
START for how many years was argentorate made the toponym of the gaulish settlement? END
START what has been found along the current route des romains?  END
START where was the centre of argentoratum situated? END
START who shattered the fragments of a grand mithraeum? END
START when was the bishopric of strasbourg made an archbishopric? END
START how many people live in koenighhoffen as if 2015? END
START  in what year was the bishopric of strasbourg established? END
START in what year was the route des romains established? END
START how many people have been excavated from the roman burial places? END
START what was the grand mithraeum? END
START what empire split to create france and germany? END
START what language called strasbourg strossburi? END
START what is the german spelling for strasbourg? END
START what was strasbourg known as in the local language in the ninth century? END
START in what century was strasbourg occupied successively by alemanni, huns, and franks? END
START what modern day area did the carolingian empire occupy? END
START when was the alsatian language first used? END
START what were the huns called in latin? END
START in what year did old french start to be used? END
START what were the germans called in old french? END
START in what year did strasbourg declare itself a free republic?  END
START what year was the deadly bubonic plague in strasbourg? END
START how many jews were burned to death in 1349? END
START what time were the jews forbidden to be in town after? END
START what did the jews need to pay to ride a horse into town? END
START why did a revolution occur in strasbourg in 1332? END
START at what time  of day were jewish people allowed back into the city? END
START how many jewish people lived in strasbourg in 1349 before the pogroms occurred? END
START in what year was strasbourg founded? END
START how many jewish people avoided being publicly burnt to death? END
START who was the political guide during the protestant reformation?  END
START who was the spiritual guide during the protestant reformation? END
START who spent several years as a political refugee in the city? END
START how many other cities joined strasbourg at the imperial diet of augsburg in 1530? END
START in what decade did jacob sturm von sturmeck start offering political guidance to strasbourg? END
START in what decade did martin luther start his religious teachings? END
START in what city was john calvin born? END
START in what year was charles v made holy roman emperor? END
START in what city was charle v declared holy roman emperor? END
START how many times was the rhines bridge used during the franco-dutch war? END
START when did louis surround the city with considerable force? END
START when did louis march into the city unopposed and proclaimed its annexation? END
START in what year did king louis annex alsace? END
START on what date did the franco-dutch war start? END
START in what year was king louis crowned? END
START what was one of the causes of the war of the reunions?  END
START when was the french annexation recognized by the treaty of ryswick? END
START what church was taken from the lutherans and returned to the catholics? END
START who were the famous students that attended german lutheran university? END
START in what year did the war of the reunions start? END
START what nationality did the french fight in the war of the reunions? END
START in what year did goethe graduate from the german lutheran university? END
START in what year did the lutherans take possession of strasbourg cathedral? END
START what religion were most germans during this time? END
START what revoked strasbourg's status as a free city?  END
START who ruled the city with an iron hand? END
START what did the cathedrals lose in april 1794? END
START what was the giant phrygian cap made out of? END
START who destroyed the phrygian cap in 1870? END
START in what year did the french revolution end? END
START who started the french revolution? END
START in what year did the franco-prussian war start? END
START in what year did eulogius schneider take over rule of strasbourg? END
START who bombarded the city of strasbourg?  END
START what date was the museum of fine arts destroyed by fire? END
START what cathedral was damaged along with the medieval church of temple neuf? END
START how many inhabitants were left without shelter after the siege? END
START how many civilians died during the siege? END
START how many people lived in the city before the siege of strasbourg? END
START in what year was the hortus deliciarum written? END
START how many soldiers were injured during the siege of strasbourg? END
START in what style was the museum of fine arts built? END
START to what era did the museum of fine arts date? END
START in what year was the city annexed to the german empire? END
START what was the treaty in 1871 called? END
START what historian was in charge of rebuilding the municipal archives? END
START what year was the university founded? END
START  what was the new name of the university when it reopened in 1872? END
START in what year was rodolphe reuss born? END
START what was the name of kaiser-wilhelms-universitat before it was renamed? END
START which nationalatity founded the university? END
START what nationality was rodolphe reuss? END
START in what year did the war begin? END
START what was established around the city?   END
START where is fort podbielski located? END
START where is fort bismark located? END
START where is for kronprinz von sachsen located? END
START where is fort roon located? END
START what was established inside the city? END
START was fort roon named after one of the french generals or classified as a monuments historiques? END
START is fort kronprinz a monuments historiques or named after a french general? END
START is fort bismark a monuments historiques or named after one of the french generals? END
START is fort rapp a monuments historiques or named after a french general? END
START in what war was the german empire defeated?  END
START what kind of republic did some insurgents declare alsace-lorraine? END
START what date was strasbourg declared a soviet government by insurgents? END
START who commanded the french troops on november 22? END
START what french president said "the plebiscite is done"? END
START in what year was raymond poincare made french president? END
START what nationality was under soviet rule in 1918? END
START who was made ruler of strasburg when it was proclaimed as a "soviet government"? END
START what political persuasion was french general henri gouraud? END
START who was the german emperor who abdicated? END
START what year was it restituted to france?   END
START what autonomists were pro french? END
START in what year did bismarck fall? END
START who won the last election at reichstag? END
START who had vivid memories of the saverne affair? END
START in what year was u.s. president woodrow wilson first elected? END
START in what year were the last reichstag elections held in strasbourg? END
START in what year did the saverne affair occur? END
START what was the capital of france in 1919? END
START in what year did the social democrats form? END
START who invaded poland on 1 september 1939?  END
START how many people were evacuated during the invasion? END
START what troops arrived in mid-june 1940? END
START how long was the city completely empty? END
START where was the university evacuated? END
START how many garrisoned soldiers were left in strasbourg? END
START how many jews of strasbourg were evacuated? END
START on what date did they begin to evacuate the university? END
START on what date were the jews of strasbourg evacuated? END
START in what year was the fall of france? END
START what country was alsace annexed to?  END
START who imposed the rigorous policy of germanisation? END
START when were the first evacuees allowed to return? END
START  how high was the dome at the romanesque revival building? END
START in what year was robert heinrich wagner made gauleiter? END
START in what month and year was the main synagogue set ablaze and razed? END
START in what month and year did the war start that resulted in the fall of france? END
START where were the last jews deported to? END
START who led the first alsatian resistance movement?   END
START who was the highest commander that is under hitler? END
START how was marcel weinum executed? END
START what was the city attacked by in 1943? END
START on what date was the city liberated? END
START in what month and year was gauleiter robert wagner assigned to strasbourg? END
START in what month and year was marcel weinum captured? END
START which nationality accidentally bombed strasbourg? END
START who led the 1st french armoured division? END
START on what date did the decisive capture of kufra occur? END
START what were the men and women sent to the eastern front against their will called?  END
START who sent deserters families to concentration camps? END
START where were the freed soviet captives sent? END
START when did the liberation of strasbourg take place? END
START on what date was strasbourg taken by the germans? END
START in what year were the free french forces established? END
START how many malgre-nous were forced to join the german forces? END
START in what year were the first memorials for malgre-nous built? END
START how many malgre-nous were able to desert the wehrmacht? END
START what council was the city given a seat for in 1949?  END
START when did the european parliament begin meeting in strasbourg? END
START when was louise weiss inaugurated? END
START in what year was the council of europe formed? END
START in what year did nations start negotiating the treaty of amsterdam? END
START how many days each month is council of europe business conducted in brussels and luxembourg? END
START in what year did the construction begin of the immeuble louise weiss? END
START in what year was the palace of europe built? END
START what was partly destroyed by allied bombings in 1944?  END
START what organ did wolfgang amadeus mozart play on? END
START where is the silbermann organ located? END
START what is the neo-gothic church called? END
START in what century was the eglise saint-etienne constructed? END
START what style of building is the saint-pierre-le-view protestant? END
START what style of building is the ancienne douane? END
START what city was wolfgang amadeus mozart from? END
START what type of glass is in the eglise saint-ettienne? END
START how many museums does the palais rohan hold?  END
START what did the city hall used to be known as? END
START what is the largest baroque building in strasbourg? END
START where is the opera house located? END
START what did the military governors residence used to be called? END
START in what year was the chambre de commerce et d'industrie built? END
START what style of building is the chambre de commerce et d'industrie? END
START how tall is the palais rohan? END
START how tall is the  chambre de commerce et d'industrie? END
START how long is the opera house on place broglie? END
START what kind of high class building does strasbourg offer?  END
START what war caused severe damage to germany? END
START what was the former imperial palace called? END
START what was the former girls college called? END
START how high were some of the buildings in urban germany? END
START what style is the palais du rhin? END
START what building style is the ecole internationale des pontonniers? END
START what type of facade does the palais du rhin have? END
START for what purpose was the ecole des arts decoratifs built? END
START how high is the palais du rhin? END
START what is the fine art nouveau villa called?  END
START who lost the architectural contest? END
START who built the european court of human rights building? END
START what did zaha hadid design? END
START what is considered to be the finest building? END
START who built the palais des fetes? END
START what building style is the cite rotterdam? END
START who was the architect for the hotel brion? END
START who created the cite de la musique et de la danse? END
START who designed the hotel du departement? END
START who designed the parc de l'orangerie?  END
START what park has a small zoo in it? END
START what park is built close to the rhine by vauban? END
START what year was the observatory of strasbourg built? END
START what is the oldest park in the city? END
START in what year was the parc de pourtales laid out? END
START how big is the parc de pourtales? END
START what is the oldest park in strasbourg? END
START what style of park is the parc du heyritz? END
START who designed the parc du heyritz? END
START where are old master paintings from the germanic rhenish territories until 1681 held?  END
START where are old master graphic arts until 1871 displayed? END
START where are decorative arts until 1681 displayed? END
START where is the city's photographic library? END
START where is the international art since 1871 displayed? END
START when was the musee de i'oeuvre notre-dame completed? END
START when was the musee d'art moderne et contemporain finished? END
START what style of building is the musee des beaux-arts? END
START in what year was the musee des art decoratifs completed? END
START what style of building is the musee des art decoratifs? END
START what is strasbourg known as? END
START when was strasbourg annexed by the kingdom of france? END
START what did montgelas study? END
START  from what empire did students come from to attend university? END
START who controlled strasbourg prior to 1683? END
START what city was goethe from? END
START where did montgelas go after studying law in strasbourg? END
START which city was metternich from? END
START what language did most people speak in strasbourg in 1683? END
START what is the second largest library in france?  END
START how many titles does the library have? END
START who founded the library? END
START when was the previous library destroyed? END
START what was the library marked as on the map? END
START how many books does the bibliotheque nationale de france hold? END
START in what year was the previous municipal library completely destroyed? END
START in what year did a french map maker accidentally mark the library as "city hall"? END
START in what year did the german artillery bomb the library? END
START who founded the bibliotheque nationale de france? END
START what are incunabula's?  END
START when was the library destroyed? END
START what kind of building holds incunabula's today? END
START in what year did book-printing begin in strasbourg? END
START in what year had the previous library been built? END
START in what year was bibliotheque nationale et universitaire built? END
START in what year was mediatheque protestante built? END
START in what year was bibliotheque alsatique du credit mutuel built? END
START what year did the strasbourg tramway open?  END
START who operates the strasbourg tramway? END
START how many lines does the strasbourg tramway have? END
START what is the length of the strasbourg tramway in total? END
START how far do bike paths stretch in strasbourg? END
START what do the buses look like in strasbourg? END
START in what year was the compagnie des transport strasbourgeois established? END
START how long is the bus network? END
START how long were the trolleybus routes? END
START in what year was velhop established? END
START what year was the canal de la bruche added?  END
START what kind of tourism attracts tourists yearly? END
START what river is strasbourg by? END
START in what year was the canal de la bruche closed? END
START in what year was the canal du rhone au rhine opened? END
START which is newer, the canal de la marne au rhin or the grand canal d'alsace? END
START which canal attracts the most tourists? END
START which canal attracts the fewest tourists? END
START what system also complements walking and biking?  END
START what kind of priority zone has the city centre been transformed into? END
START what do bike paths go through to add enjoyment to the trip? END
START what is the layout of the neighbourhoods called? END
START how do people most often get to strasbourg from elsewhere? END
START who takes priority between pedestrians and bicyclists? END
START what is filtered out in the outer sections of strausberg? END
START what adds enjoyment to doing a trip in the outer sections of strausberg? END
START what system is used as a comprehensive layout beyond central strasbourg? END
START what route parallels the rhine?  END
START what year did the grand contournement ouest project open? END
START how far is the connection between junctions a4 and the a35? END
START the traffic coming west of the city is from where? END
START what does the a35 link strasbourg with? END
START where does the a35 link strasbourg with? END
START when was the a35 autoroute built? END
START how long is the a35? END
START how long is the rhine? END
START what is the cherokee name for oklahoma? END
START what is the pawnee name for oklahoma? END
START what is the cayuga name for oklahoma? END
START where does oklahoma rank by population? END
START what is oklahoma's nickname? END
START what language does the name oklahoma come from? END
START what does oklahoma mean? END
START when was the name oklahoma suggested? END
START who suggested the name oklahoma? END
START when was the name oklahoma made official? END
START where does oklahoma rank by land area? END
START how many square miles is oklahoma? END
START how many square miles of water is in oklahoma? END
START how many states are on the frontier strip? END
START which state is north of oklahoma? END
START how far out of alignment is oklahoma's western edge from texas's border? END
START when was the border between tx and nm first determined? END
START when was oklahoma's border determined? END
START where is the nm border of both oklahoma and texas supposed to line up with? END
START which one is more accurately placed, the tx/nm border or the ok/nm border? END
START what plateau is oklahoma near? END
START what watershed is oklahoma in? END
START what is oklahoma's tallest mountain? END
START how many feet above sea level is oklahoma's highest point? END
START how many feet above sea level is oklahoma's lowest point? END
START how many major mountain ranges are in oklahoma? END
START which of oklahoma's mountain ranges are in the us interior highlands? END
START what part of oklahoma does the flint hills reach into? END
START what is the world's tallest hill? END
START how high is cavanal hill? END
START what is an example of a mesa range? END
START what part of oklahoma is the antelope hills in? END
START what part of oklahoma has oak savannahs? END
START what mountains are in oklahoma's eastern third? END
START in which direction do the ozark mountains get higher? END
START how much of oklahoma is covered in forests? END
START what types of prairie grasslands does oklahoma have? END
START what part of oklahoma has low rainfall? END
START what types of trees grow near rivers in western oklahoma? END
START what rare types of maples grow in southwest oklahoma? END
START what types of birds does oklahoma have a lot of? END
START what types of deer does oklahoma have a lot of? END
START what does oklahoma have the country's largest towns of? END
START what part of oklahoma is cross timbers in? END
START what part of oklahoma does the american alligator live in? END
START how large is the tallgrass prairie preserve? END
START what part of oklahoma is the tallgrass prairie preserve in? END
START the tallgrass prairie preserve is the largest protected tallgrass prairie in what area? END
START how many states were originally covered by the tallgrass prairie preserve? END
START how many national wildlife refuges are in oklahoma? END
START what is oklahoma's main climate region? END
START what natural-disaster-based nickname does oklahoma's region have? END
START how many tornadoes hit oklahoma each year? END
START what types of severe weather does oklahoma get? END
START where does oklahoma receive hot dry air from? END
START what is oklahoma's record high temperature for nov 11? END
START what is oklahoma's record low temperature for nov 11? END
START what caused oklahoma's temperature to plummet 66 degrees on nov 11, 1911? END
START how fast did the 1912 tornado outbreak make tornadoes? END
START how long did the 1912 tornado outbreak last? END
START what parts of oklahoma are in a humid subtropical climate? END
START where do oklahoma's winds bring moisture from? END
START what is oklahoma's western climate type? END
START where in oklahoma does the semi-arid zone begin? END
START what is the average annual temperature in southeast oklahoma? END
START which season is the most dry in oklahoma? END
START when does oklahoma get the most rain? END
START when is the second-driest season in oklahoma? END
START what years were oklahoma's hottest summers? END
START how hot were oklahoma's hottest summers? END
START what parts of oklahoma rarely see below-zero temperatures? END
START what is the average snowfall in southern oklahoma? END
START what is the average snowfall in oklahoma near the colorado border? END
START where is the storm prediction center located? END
START what was oklahoma's record high temperature? END
START ancestors of which tribes lived in oklahoma? END
START what was spiro, oklahoma named for? END
START when did spiro mounds flourish? END
START what spanish explorer visited oklahoma in 1541? END
START when did france sell oklahoma's land to the us? END
START what was the "oil capital of the world"? END
START what type of investments were important in early oklahoma? END
START who was the "father of route 66"? END
START when did route 66 begin? END
START where was the highway 66 association based? END
START when did the dust bowl begin? END
START what mistake led to the dust bowl? END
START what states were affected by the dust bowl? END
START how many farmers had to relocate because of the dust bowl? END
START how much did oklahoma's population decline from 1930 to 1950? END
START when was the oklahoma city bombing? END
START who committed the oklahoma city bombing? END
START how many people died in the oklahoma city bombing? END
START how many children died in the oklahoma city bombing? END
START when was mcveigh executed? END
START when did oklahoma declare an official language? END
START how many oklahomans speak only english at home, as of 2000? END
START what percent of oklahomans speak only english at home, as of 2000? END
START what is the second-most-prevalent language in oklahoma? END
START what is the third-most-prevalent language in oklahoma? END
START what is oklahoma's fourth most popular language? END
START how many oklahomans speak german? END
START what is oklahoma's fifth most popular language? END
START how many oklahomans speak vietnamese? END
START how many native american languages are used in oklahoma? END
START what is the conservative evangelical christian region called? END
START what parts of the us are covered by the 'bible belt'? END
START what political party has the most members in oklahoma? END
START what is oklahoma's 2nd-largest city? END
START how much of oklahoma's population is christian? END
START how does oklahoma rank among us states for producing natural gas? END
START how does oklahoma rank among us states for agriculture? END
START how does oklahoma rank among us states for producing wheat? END
START how many fortune 500 companies are based in oklahoma? END
START how many fortune 1000 companies are based in oklahoma? END
START what is oklahoma's rank among states producing crude oil? END
START what is oklahoma's rank among states by active drilling rigs? END
START how does oklahoma's crude oil reserves rank among states? END
START how much of oklahoma's electricity comes from non-renewable sources? END
START how much of oklahoma's electricity comes from coal? END
START which largest private oil companies are based in oklahoma city? END
START what industry are all of the oklahoma-based fortune 500 companies in? END
START what is the largest company in oklahoma? END
START what is the 2nd-largest company in oklahoma? END
START where is oneok based? END
START how many famous native american ballerinas came from oklahoma? END
START what are oklahoma's native american ballerinas called? END
START what ballerina started the oklahoma city ballet? END
START when did the university of oklahoma's dance program begin? END
START which sisters were in the five moons? END
START where is 'discoveryland!'? END
START who starred in the broadway production of 'oklahoma!'? END
START where is ridge bond from? END
START who did ridge bond play? END
START how many performances of oklahoma! was ridge bond in? END
START what major theater groups are in oklahoma city? END
START what is the oldest community theater group west of the mississippi river? END
START where is the american theatre company based? END
START what is the oldest resident professional theater company in oklahoma? END
START where is heller theatre? END
START how many museums are in oklahoma? END
START how does oklahoma's per-capita arts spending rank? END
START where is the philbrook museum? END
START what kind of museum is the philbrook? END
START where are thomas gilcrease's collections housed? END
START where does oklahoma have a fine egyptian art collection? END
START where is the largest collection of dale chinuly's work? END
START what kind of art did dale chinuly make? END
START where is the national cowboy and western heritage museum? END
START where is the largest jewish art collection in the southwest? END
START when was oklahoma's centennial year? END
START when was the exact hundredth anniversary of oklahoma's statehood? END
START what organization said oklahoma's centennial was the top event in the us that year? END
START what do ethnic festivals depict? END
START how long is the state fair of oklahoma? END
START where is the state fair of oklahoma? END
START how many people attend the state fair of oklahoma each year? END
START how long is the tulsa state fair? END
START how many people attend the tulsa state fair each year? END
START when did the medieval fair of norman begin? END
START where was oklahoma's first medieval fair? END
START where was the medieval fair of norman held for its first 2 years? END
START where was the medieval fair of norman held from 1978 to 2002? END
START where has the medieval fair of norman been held since 2003? END
START how many students were in oklahoma's public schools in 2008? END
START how many school districts are in oklahoma? END
START how many native american students are in oklahoma's public schools? END
START what does oklahoma spend per student in public schools as of 2008? END
START how many public schools does oklahoma have? END
START who said oklahoma's pre-k program is the best in the us? END
START when was oklahoma's pre-k called 'a model for early childhood schooling'? END
START what was oklahoma's high school dropout rate in 2007? END
START what was oklahoma's high school dropout rate in 2008? END
START what percent of oklahomans have graduated high school? END
START how many public universities does oklahoma have? END
START what is the second-oldest university west of the ms river? END
START within what university is oklahoma's only optometry college? END
START what university has the largest native american enrollment in the us? END
START what is oklahoma's only hbcu? END
START how many undergrad students were in oklahoma in 2007? END
START how many grad students were in oklahoma in 2007? END
START how many professional degree college students were in oklahoma in 2007? END
START how many of oklahoma's 2007 undergrads completed their degree? END
START how many of oklahoma's 2007 grad students completed their degree? END
START which native american group is involved in a language preservation project? END
START what percent of cherokee people are desired to be fluent in cherokee? END
START what group runs the cherokee language preservation project? END
START how much has the cherokee preservation foundation spent on schools? END
START where is there a cherokee immersion school? END
START what is the only major league sports team in oklahoma? END
START what league is the thunder in? END
START what had oklahoma's wnba team been? END
START where did oklahoma's wnba team move to? END
START what was oklahoma's wnba team renamed to when it moved? END
START which nba team temporarily relocated to oklahoma? END
START where did the temporary nba team play in oklahoma? END
START what caused the temporary nba team to relocate to oklahoma? END
START what was the thunder's previous name? END
START who owns the thunder? END
START how many ncaa division i colleges does oklahoma have? END
START how many colleges does oklahoma have in the big 12? END
START how many fans attend an average oklahoma state university football game? END
START what is the rivalry between osu and university of oklahoma called? END
START where is oral roberts university? END
START what kind of tournaments does cedar ridge country club host? END
START where is southern hills country club? END
START where is oak tree country club? END
START where is cedar ridge country club? END
START how many pga championships has southern hills held? END
START how many major newspapers does oklahoma have? END
START what is the largest oklahoma newspaper? END
START how many people read the sunday issue of the oklahoman? END
START what is the 2nd-largest oklahoma newspaper? END
START how many people read the sunday issue of the tulsa world? END
START how many miles of highways are in oklahoma? END
START oklahoma has the longest drivable stretch of what famous highway? END
START what is the busiest highway in oklahoma? END
START how many bridges in oklahoma were found to be deficient in 2010? END
START how many national highway bridges in oklahoma were found to be deficient in 2010? END
START what is the largest commercial airport in oklahoma? END
START where is oklahoma's largest airport? END
START how many people boarded in will rogers world airport in 2010? END
START how many different airlines operate in oklahoma? END
START how many public airports does oklahoma have? END
START how many ports does oklahoma have? END
START which port in oklahoma handles international cargo? END
START where is the furthest-inland oceangoing port in the us? END
START how many tons of cargo does the tulsa port of catoosa ship annually? END
START what connects the two oklahoma ports? END
START how many district courts does oklahoma have? END
START how many counties does oklahoma have? END
START what is the civil court of last resort in oklahoma? END
START what is the criminal court of last resort in oklahoma? END
START what is the only other state with two courts of last resort? END
START who is in the executive branch? END
START who commands the oklahoma national guard? END
START who is responsible for submitting a state budget in oklahoma? END
START who is responsible for enforcing oklahoma's laws? END
START how many county commissioners does each oklahoma county have? END
START what are the major county offices in oklahoma? END
START how many counties are in oklahoma? END
START who can collect taxes in oklahoma? END
START who can hold elections in oklahoma? END
START how many tribal governments are in oklahoma? END
START tribes hold land in oklahoma, but what isn't it called? END
START what powers do tribal governments have? END
START who can overrule the tribal governments? END
START who must approve tribal constitutions? END
START what political party rose to power in oklahoma in 1948? END
START when did registered republicans become a majority in oklahoma? END
START what is the one election since 1952 where a republican presidential candidate didn't win in oklahoma? END
START oklahoma was the only state where which presidential candidate won no counties twice? END
START who was the last democratic presidential candidate to win any counties in oklahoma? END
START how many us house reps did oklahoma have before the 2000 census? END
START how many us house reps did oklahoma have after the 2000 census? END
START how many of oklahoma's house reps were republican in 2012? END
START who are oklahoma's us senators? END
START what political party are oklahoma's us senators? END
START how many incorporated cities are in oklahoma? END
START how many oklahoma cities have over 100,000 people? END
START how many of the 50 largest us cities are in oklahoma? END
START what is the largest metro area in oklahoma as of 2010? END
START how many people live in the tulsa metro area? END
START what is oklahoma's largest city? END
START how much did oklahoma city's population grow from 2000 to 2010? END
START how many people lived in lawton in 2010? END
START how many people lived in stillwater in 2010? END
START what arkansas city's metro area extends into oklahoma? END
START what state house bill would change oklahoma's motto to 'oklahoma - in god we trust'? END
START what was oklahoma's state motto, before the state house bill might change it? END
START why did the state house think they could change oklahoma's motto? END
START in what geographic area was the country of india established? END
START what did the joining of the indus valley and indo-aryan cultures produce? END
START of what is hinduism a combination? END
START how long was the succession of powerful dynasties in the indian subcontinent? END
START what movement lead to the founding of the republic of india? END
START for how long have modern humans lived on the indian subcontinent? END
START how long ago did earlier hominids live on the indian subcontinent? END
START when did the indus valley civilization thrive on the indian subcontinent? END
START what was the first major civilization in south asia? END
START what was the span of the mature harappan period? END
START what empire conquered most of the subcontinent in the 3rd and 4th centuries bc? END
START after the 3rd century bc, what style of literature grew in northern area of the subcontinent? END
START what form of metal was developed and  exported from southern india? END
START what was the period following 3rd century bc and extending 1500 years called? END
START what was the foremost dynasty of the the golden age period?  END
START between what centuries was the tripartite struggle focused on kannauj? END
START how long did the tripartite struggle last? END
START when did islam begin to become a political power in india? END
START what dynasty conquered southern india and parts of southeast asia? END
START what facet of indian mathematics was introduced into the arab areas in the early medieval period? END
START what group founded the delhi sultanate in the 13th century? END
START when did the delhi sultanate decline in its rule of northern india? END
START what belief system began in the 15th century? END
START what empire covered most of india in the 16th century? END
START during what century did the mughal empire decline? END
START what company annexed large areas of india in the 18th and 19th centuries? END
START what effect did company rule in india produce in 1857? END
START after the rebellion who administered the british provinces of india? END
START the rapid development of what did british rule cause in india? END
START what party was the leader in the indian independence movement of the 20th century? END
START who remarked indian history is too devoted to the ranking of dynasties and invasions? END
START what type of history period is often neglected in indian histories? END
START what facet of social and economic conditions are displayed by indian history? END
START what type of conquests were gradual in nature? END
START what part of india was never completely conquered? END
START by what era was india inhabited by humans of some form? END
START what type of remains were found in the narmada valley? END
START from how long ago do tools date in india? END
START where in the subcontinent is the oldest archaeological site? END
START what type of resident lived at the site in soan river valley? END
START what geologic period came after the mesolithic period in india? END
START what happened in india during the neolithic period? END
START how long ago did the last ice age happen in india? END
START when did settlements appear in madhya pradesh? END
START during what time span were there findings of habitation in india and pakistan? END
START when did the mature indus civilization thrive?  END
START what stage of civilization did the mature indus represent? END
START what kind of organization did the mature indus have? END
START of what were the early cities of the mature indus civilization built? END
START how high were the buildings in the mature indus ? END
START for what culture is the vedic period named? END
START where was the indo-aryan culture located? END
START in what language did  the vedic culture speak? END
START what sacred texts are some of the oldest in india? END
START what was the duration of the vedic culture? END
START when did the aryan culture begin its expansion? END
START into what area did the aryan culture expand? END
START what were the aryan social classes called? END
START what did the aryans label as impure in the indigenous peoples in order to exclude them from certain social classes? END
START what groupings formed up into larger monarchical groups? END
START what was the first state size society in the vedic period? END
START what is the dating of the kuru kingdom? END
START at the beginning of what age are the dates of the kuru kingdom? END
START what is the first indian text to mention iron? END
START when the kuru kingdom declined, to what kingdom did vedic culture go? END
START what were the principle texts of hinduism? END
START in what language were the vedas ? END
START what were the core epics of the vedas? END
START which vedic text is the longest single poem on earth? END
START on what type of clash is the mahabharata thought to have been based? END
START what philosophical movement appeared during 800-200 bce? END
START what was the origins of the shramana movement? END
START during what time were the first upanishads written? END
START what period started after 500 bce? END
START where was the central location of the muayan empire? END
START by what age had many small states covered the subcontinent? END
START how many small states covered the ganges plain of india? END
START what were the sixteen kingdoms called? END
START what second period did the rise of the small kingdoms show? END
START what was the first major urbanization in india? END
START where was the vajji confederation located? END
START how early did the small republic states exist in india? END
START until what century did the republic states endure in india? END
START in what language did the educated indian speak? END
START what was the general population's common language ? END
START when were the earliest upanishads composed? END
START of what philosophical system do the upanishads form the basis? END
START what are the upanishads called in hinduism? END
START what part of the hinduism belief system did the upanishads attack? END
START what worship system is central to hinduism? END
START what did the shramana movements challenge? END
START who was the founder of jainism? END
START what prominent icon founded buddhism?  END
START what path did buddha find to soothe the strictness of sramana religions? END
START what belief system taught the idea of samsara? END
START of what was magadha one of sixteen? END
START how does the sanskrit translate maha-janapadas? END
START where was the center of magadha? END
START where were there early records of the magadha kingdom? END
START what time do the texts locating magadha kingdom predate? END
START where is the earliest mention of magadha people? END
START in the development of which religions did magadha participate? END
START where was the location origin of the maurya and gupta empires? END
START due to advances in science and culture, what are the magadha region empires considered to represent? END
START what were local villages' assemblies called in the magadha kingdoms? END
START what persian king wanted tribute from the tribes of northern india? END
START by 520 bc what empire ruled the northwestern indian subcontinent? END
START what king ruled persia in 520 bc? END
START how long did the persian empire control the northern india subcontinent? END
START what did india supply to the persian war efforts against greece? END
START when did alexander the great reach india? END
START who did alexander defeat in the area now pakistan? END
START at what battle did alexander beat king porus? END
START where did alexander's army finally mutiny? END
START the strength of what empire's army pushed alexander to retreat? END
START what was the first empire to unify india? END
START what was the time span of the mauryan empire? END
START who formed the maurya empire in magadha? END
START what dynasty did chandragupta maurya defeat? END
START in what year did chandraguta's son come to the throne? END
START what are the basic written records of the mauryans? END
START what is the archaeological period of the mauryan empire? END
START what metal was developed in south india during the time of the mauryan empire? END
START to where was wootz steel exported? END
START what organization closely monitored business dealings in the mauryan empire?  END
START during what period did tamil literature thrive? END
START how many tamil dynasties ruled during the sangam period? END
START what was the extent of the sangam period? END
START in what part of india did the tamil dynasties rule? END
START how were tamil writers different from earlier sanskrit writers? END
START what empire covered most of india from 230 bce? END
START of what were the satavahanas patrons? END
START what did the satavahanas issue embossed with their king's head? END
START when was the satavahana empire divided into smaller states? END
START from what did the satavahana empire protect much of india? END
START what was the time span of the shunga empire? END
START who founded the shuga empire after the fall of the maurya empire? END
START how long did pushyamitra shunga rule? END
START what script variant was used to write the sanskrit language? END
START what tradition did shunga rulers help begin? END
START what kalingan ruler brought the chedi dynasty back into power? END
START what power had previously defeated the kalingans?  END
START in what arena was kalinga a formidable power? END
START what maritime advantage did the kalingans have? END
START what militaristic leader restored might to the kalinga empire? END
START from what area did the kushan empire come? END
START who was the first ruler of the kushan empire? END
START in the middle o what century did the kushan empire begin? END
START what was the language base of the kushans? END
START what had the kushans conquered much of by the time of kanishka END
START by what is india under the gupta empire referered? END
START what was the time span of the gupta empire? END
START what is the period of the gupta empire called? END
START what philosophy  formed at the time of the gupta empire? END
START what numeral system originated in india? END
START what did the guptas promote in their reigns? END
START besides the vedic practices, what other religion did the guptas patronize? END
START what guptas brought much of india under gupta rule? END
START what business activity made the gupta empire prominent in india? END
START what did the gupta empires trade ties influence? END
START during what time did kadamba rule northern karnataka? END
START where did the kadamba dynasty originate? END
START what ruler ruled at the peak of kadamba power? END
START who founded the kamdamba dynasty? END
START what dynasty made military alliances with the kamdamba? END
START what type of trib were the hephthalites? END
START where did the white huns roam? END
START in what country did the white huns settle? END
START what lands did the white huns take in the 5th century?  END
START in which century did the gupta empire fall? END
START to what type of states did the former gupta empire revert? END
START after uniting the area, what title was harsha given? END
START when was harsha crowned by the states he united? END
START to what religion had harsha been converted? END
START what declined from the 5th to the 13th centuries END
START what philosophical traditions developed during the period of the 5th to the 13th centuries? END
START in what century was harsha's rule?  END
START what happened to harsha's empire after his death? END
START what area did harsha unite during his reign? END
START what cults weakened buddhism in india? END
START what replaced buddha in ruling centers? END
START what kind of temples were built for hindu gods? END
START what was the style of worship of hindu gods? END
START by what dentury did buddhism disappear form much of india? END
START how many dynasties fought for control from the 8th to the 10th century? END
START when did the first rajput kingdoms emerge in india? END
START what rajput ruler was known for his conflicts with the turkic sultanates? END
START in what century did the chola empire emerge? END
START who was emperor of the kashmiri  karkota dynasty? END
START when did the chalukya empire rule? END
START what portion of india did the chalukya empire rule? END
START what style of architecture developed during the chaluka reigns?  END
START when did the chalukyans rule from badami? END
START when was the second reign of chalukyans? END
START when was the rastrakuta empire started? END
START in what location was the capital of the rashtrakuta empire? END
START what was the faith of the early rulers of the rastrakuta empire? END
START by what were the later kings of the rastrakuta empire influenced? END
START what rastrakuta king ruler for 64 years? END
START during what span of time did the pala empire thrive? END
START what style of belief system did the pala empire favor? END
START what is the term used to describe the pala empire? END
START what educational center reached it height during the pala rule? END
START what ruler founded the pala dynasty? END
START what area did the cholas unite in the 9th century? END
START what kind of power did the chola dynasty become in south india? END
START in what area did the chola empire establish political unity? END
START in what type of architecture did the cholas excel?  END
START from their contacts and conquests in surrounding sea areas, what did this establish the chola empire as?  END
START during waht centuries did the western chalukya rule? END
START what was the architectural style of the chalukyas? END
START where did the chalukyas build most of their monuments? END
START what did the chalukya kings encourage writers to use? END
START besides the language of kannada, what other old language was used during the western chalukya dynasty? END
START what group wanted to conquer india from earliest times? END
START what empire took over parts of afghanistan and pakistan in 720? END
START who was the final hindu monarch of sindh? END
START what arab leader completed the early ambitions of arabs by conquering parts of northern india? END
START how did the early muslims view the possibility of conquering india?  END
START in what year did muslim general muhammad bin qasim take over most of the indus area? END
START who eventually defeated the arabs at rajasthan? END
START in what area did the indian kings contain the arabs? END
START when was the arab invasion repulsed? END
START where did the arabs establish as the capital of the newly conquered territory? END
START in what areas of india were islamic kingdoms formed over a period of centuries? END
START what muslim endeavors thrived on the coastal areas of south india?  END
START which south indian coast was favored by muslim traders? END
START from where did the arab traders come in order to trade on the west coast of india? END
START besides the newly introduced islamic religion, what other abrahamic religions were practiced in india? END
START until what century did the kabul shahi dynasties rule the kabul valley? END
START the decline of what empire allowed the rule of the kabul shahi empire? END
START how many eras are the shahis divided into? END
START when did the shahis switch from buddhist to hindu? END
START what was the kingdom of the shahis called? END
START in what id jayapala see a danger to his dynasty? END
START what city did jayapala invade at least twice? END
START who defeated jayapala and required an indemnity payment? END
START what part of the area did jayapala lose? END
START what was jayapala's response to the indemnity payment? END
START in what year was jaipal again soundly defeated by the muslims? END
START where was the location of the shahi defeat by the muslims? END
START what was jaipal action after his last defeat? END
START upon what did jaipal's subjects think he brought disaster? END
START who was the ruler of ghazni? END
START from where did raiders come to attack the agrarian indians? END
START after a history of raiding groups, what is not remarkable in the history of the subcontinent? END
START before the muslim invasions, what did previous invaders do in the local cultures? END
START what did the muslim invaders staunchly keep after invading? END
START what type of new indian culture was formed from this mixture of cultures? END
START what conquered large areas of northern india? END
START what dynasty captured most of central india? END
START what language was created during the delhi sultanate?  END
START who was the only female sultana to be enthroned in a indo-islamic empire? END
START by what is the fusion of islamic and indian cultures called? END
START what turko-mongol attacked and defeated the sultan of tughlaq dynasty? END
START on what date did timur beat the delhi sultan? END
START in what shape did timur leave the city of delhi? END
START how many prisoners of war were executed in the sack of delhi? END
START what were exempted from death by timur when ordering delhi sacked? END
START in what year was sangama dynasty formed? END
START at what location are the best known monuments in the south of india? END
START what mathematician founded the kerala school of astronomy?  END
START when was the kerala school established? END
START what did the vijayanagara empire promote to unify indian culture? END
START from the mid 13th century, what dominated politics in northern india? END
START what empire dominated in the south of india in the 13th century? END
START what group dominated in western and central india at the start of the 13th century? END
START gajapati kingdom was powerful in the east for how many centuries? END
START what empire beat the last bahmani sultanate? END
START what kingdom came to power in assam? END
START what was the span of time fro the ahom kingdom? END
START what event caused the end of ahom rule in assam? END
START with what religion did the ahom merge? END
START what group repeatedly tried and failed to conquer the ahom? END
START what empire did babur found in northern india? END
START who defeated babur's son in 1540? END
START of what nationality was sher shah suri? END
START at what place did akbar's army defeat hemu in 1556? END
START by what route did babur enter india? END
START by what date did the mughal dynasty rule most of india? END
START what famous monument did shah jahan build at agra? END
START during whose reign did the mughal empire reach its greatest expanse? END
START what actions caused the decline of the mughal empire? END
START what reached it height during the reign of shah jehan? END
START what groups invaded and damaged the mughals? END
START who attacked and plundered delhi in 1737? END
START who was the final commander-in-chief of the mughal army? END
START what was the site of the final battle for the mughals? END
START what was the indian rebellion of 1857 also called? END
START what was the richest of all the dynasties? END
START what policy made the mughals a successful dynasty?  END
START which mughal ruler tried to form a good relationship with non-muslims? END
START which mughal ruler tried to establish complete dominance over the hindu populace? END
START with what styles did mughal rulers merge their tuko-persian culture? END
START the rise of what dynasty followed the era of the mughals? END
START what founding was of importance in the  decline of the mughals? END
START who consolidated the maratha kingdom? END
START what did j.n. sarkar say of shivaji's nation building? END
START who made the marathas a strong power? END
START by when had the maratha kingdom become an empire? END
START who ruled the maratha empire? END
START what were peshwas? END
START by what year had the maratha empire covered most of the subcontinent? END
START in the end, what empire defeated the maratha empire? END
START followers what religion were the rulers of the punjabi kingdom? END
START what was the time span of the punjabi kingdom? END
START who was the leader of the punjabis?  END
START on what was the disciplined force singh relied?  END
START who finally was able to conquer the sikh empire? END
START to what kingdom did many small kingdoms pay tribute? END
START what kingdom was founded in mysore in 1400 ce? END
START what groups was mysore fighting in the later half of the 18th century? END
START what country promised aid to mysore to fight the british? END
START who took over rule of mysore in the 18th century? END
START in what country was the trading base for the dutch? END
START where did the british initially establish a trading base? END
START what was the third european country to establish trading with india? END
START what actions by the indian kingdoms gave the european traders the opportunity to acquire lands and influence? END
START to whom did the foreigners lose most of their acquired lands? END
START what ruler opposed the british use of permits and ended up at war? END
START what british company was heavily involved in the defeat of the nawab's forces? END
START who did the east india company appoint as governor of bengal? END
START what type of land taxation system did the east india company instigate in bengal? END
START how did the east india company handle trade in bengal? END
START what whole region did the east india company get control over after the carnatic wars? END
START during what time were the anglo-mysore wars? END
START when were the anglo-maratha wars fought? END
START to what dynasty was kashmir sold in 1849? END
START after the sale of kashmir, what did the area become? END
START what did the soldiers rebel against in the indian rebellion of 1857? END
START what happened to the rebels of the rebellion? END
START what force took control of the company and the situation? END
START what did the british government intend to keep in regards to india? END
START what did the british government remove that had caused the rebellion? END
START to what entity was all the power of the east india company transferred? END
START how did britain govern the vast area of india? END
START over what did britain have direct control? END
START what kind of influence did the british crown have over the rest of india that was not under company rule? END
START how many princely states were there in india in 1947? END
START what did the colonial government expand by legal means? END
START what new law was created? END
START who insisted that schooling be a priority in india? END
START when did india build the forth largest rail system in the world? END
START in what feature of management did the british invest heavily? END
START what administer divided the province of bengal in half? END
START what was the majority of the population of the western half of bengal? END
START what was the religion of the western half of bengal? END
START what movement did the division of bengal start? END
START what was the biggest and oldest political party in india? END
START what was the social reform movement centered in bengal in the 19th to early 20th century? END
START what group lead the bengali renaissance? END
START with whom did the renaissance movement begin? END
START with whom was it said the the movement ended? END
START from what did the renaissance movement mark the change? END
START what did the bengali renaissance resemble? END
START what did the movement question? END
START what early social movement occurred during this time of awakening? END
START what factors did the young bengal movement  say were needed for civil conduct? END
START what did the movements in bengal serve to awaken in indians? END
START what were said to have been caused by government policy failures? END
START how many people were said to have died in the great famine? END
START when did the great famine happen? END
START how many people died in the indian famine of 1899-1900? END
START what killed 10 million people in india? END
START what movement rose in the 19th century? END
START what did indian first want as government? END
START what did indians finally begin to demand? END
START what feature of the nationalism movement is unknown? END
START what can only be listed without absolute firmness in the nationalism movement? END
START what appointments were  the first step in indian self-rule? END
START when was the first indian appointed as a councillor? END
START what more local councils were set up? END
START of what nationality were the officers in the indian army? END
START what were the troops in the british indian army? END
START what indian leader said that swaraj was his birthright? END
START what parts of india shaped the demands of the people for nationalism? END
START how was the congress split in 1907? END
START which faction of the congress did tilak lead? END
START which faction wanted reform within british rule? END
START what leader started a mass movement against british rule? END
START what means did gandhi espouse to gain self-rule? END
START what group wanted to use violent means to over throw the british rule? END
START on what date did india gain its independence? END
START what action did the movements combine to produce? END
START what position did muslims have in the indian population? END
START what effect of independence did muslims distrust? END
START what did the british form in preparation to leaving india? END
START how many people died in the rioting over divisions of bengal and punjab? END
START how many people migrated between the newly created countries of india and pakistan? END
START what number president of egypt was nasser? END
START what organization attempted to assassinate nasser? END
START in what year did nasser become president? END
START in what year did nasser die? END
START what type of government did nasser overthrow? END
START how many mourners attended nasser's funeral? END
START what landmark water route did nasser nationalize? END
START what organization did nasser create with syria? END
START what civil war did nasser become entangled in? END
START in what year did nasser start his second term as president? END
START name two infrastructure projects nasser spearheaded. END
START what century did nasser rule in? END
START what was nasser's position toward imperialism? END
START how did nasser's government deal with human rights? END
START what was nasser's father's occupation? END
START in what city was nasser raised? END
START what year was nasser born? END
START what does nasser's brother's name translate to? END
START what siblings did nasser have? END
START what elementary school did nasser attend? END
START where did nasser go to boarding school? END
START what secondary school did nasser attend? END
START where did young nasser witness demonstrations? END
START what organization organized the protests nasser witnessed? END
START what school did nasser attend in cairo? END
START what was the title of the article nasser wrote for his school paper? END
START what was the issue nasser led a protest against? END
START how many protestors were killed in the demonstration? END
START what did king farouk restore after the demonstrations? END
START how many days did nasser attend classes in his senior year? END
START what treaty did nasser object to? END
START what did nasser not want to have in egypt? END
START what was the trajectory of political unrest after the treaty? END
START from where did nasser graduate? END
START what did nasser do in his spare time? END
START what institution did nasser live close to in 1933? END
START what did nasser observe from moving around frequently as a youth? END
START what was nasser's position in egypt's society? END
START what kind of biographies did nasser read? END
START what political theory fascinated nasser? END
START what politician did nasser admire? END
START what poet did nasser read? END
START what novel influenced nasser greatly? END
START where did nasser meet his anti-colonialist teacher? END
START what was nasser's goal? END
START where did nasser apply in 1937? END
START why was nasser rejected from the academy? END
START where did nasser attend law school? END
START how long did nasser attend law school? END
START what's another term for influential intermediary? END
START who sponsored nasser's second application to the military academy? END
START what allies did nasser meet at the academy? END
START what were the students dissatisfied by in egypt? END
START what egyptian institution did nasser and his friends want to end? END
START in what year was nasser posted to sudan? END
START whas was nasser's position at the military academy in 1943? END
START who ordered the king to dismiss the prime minister? END
START what political group was nasser associated with? END
START who was nasser's contact in the armed forces, giving nasser dossiers? END
START where was the egyptian army sent in 1948? END
START in what unit did nasser serve? END
START how badly was nasser wounded? END
START what army surrounded nasser's brigade? END
START what territory was given to israel? END
START what egyptian singer performed at the return of nasser's brigade? END
START what book did nasser start writing? END
START what group opposed the celebration of nasser's brigade's return? END
START who has pressured the government to cancel the reception? END
START what was nasser increasingly convinced he should topple? END
START what did nasser do after the war ended? END
START what group did nasser try to allign himself with? END
START what was the reason nasser rejected the muslim brotherhood? END
START how did nasser view the terms of the armisitce with israel? END
START what region did the israelis occupy during the talks? END
START what people had a coup around the time nasser returned to egypt? END
START who questioned nasser? END
START what was nasser's reaction to the questions he was asked? END
START what did the interrogation provoke nasser to do? END
START what group boycotted the 1950 elections? END
START what party advanced in the 1950 elections? END
START what were wafd members accused of? END
START what group became prominent in egyptian politics? END
START how long did nasser swell the ranks of his free officers? END
START what treaty did the wafd government abrogate? END
START who did nasser's group try to assassinate? END
START who helped nasser with the assassination attempt? END
START what was general amer's political affiliation? END
START who was wounded in the assassination attempt? END
START who was nominated to the presidency of the officer's club? END
START who was nassir's choice to represent the free officers? END
START how many times was naguib wounded? END
START what media outlet advanced the free officer's agenda? END
START in what war was naguib wounded? END
START in what year did riots cause the political situation in egypt to rapidly deteriorate?  END
START where did british forces and egyptian police clash? END
START how many people were killed in the cairo riots? END
START who did nasser enlist to plan the free officer's coup? END
START what did nasser want to end in egypt? END
START what type of government did the free officer's want to establish? END
START who did nasser choose to lead his coup? END
START what was teh fate of king farouk after the coup? END
START what did nasser wear during the coup? END
START what day did the revolution begin? END
START who was the first president of the republic of egypt? END
START who did nasser want to handle the day-to-day operations of the government? END
START who did nasser recruit to be prime minister? END
START what new name did the free officers take? END
START what law did nasser view as the culmination of his revolutionary efforts? END
START what group rioted at the textile factories? END
START how many people died in the textile factory riots? END
START what group supported the rcc? END
START how many posts did the muslim brotherhood get in naguib's cabinet? END
START what was nasser's position on executing the rioter's leaders? END
START what was nasser's first title in the liberation rally? END
START what did nasser and naguib ban in 1953? END
START what was nasser alone in supporting? END
START what was nasser negotiating in 1953? END
START who resigned in 1954? END
START what two positions did nasser assume? END
START what group protested for naguib's reinstatement? END
START what did the muslim brotherhood want to happen to nasser? END
START who did nasser promote to armed forces commander? END
START what group went on strike as a result of the turmoil? END
START what group claimed to be leaving the political scene? END
START who was sent to switzerland? END
START what nation tried to mediate between nasser and naguib? END
START what event did nasser exploit to his advantage? END
START to what group did many of the arrested dissenters belong? END
START who avoided a death sentence in favor of 15 years in jail? END
START where did naguib end up after the turmoil? END
START who assumed total control of egypt? END
START what was too small to keep nasser in power? END
START what institution did nasser closely control to prevent sedition? END
START who were umm kulthum and abdel hafez? END
START what phrases did nasser use in many of his speeches? END
START in what year did the rcc appoint nasser as president? END
START what country did nasser make secret agreements with? END
START what territory did israel attack in 1955? END
START what was nasser's reaction to the attack? END
START how did the egyptian people feel about nasser's response to the attack? END
START what did nasser eventually do in the straights of titan? END
START what agreement ran contrary to nasser's efforts? END
START what did nasser feel his military needed to oppose the west? END
START from what country did nasser buy arms? END
START how much money did nasser spend on weapons? END
START how did the military relationship between egypt and israel change? END
START what document was meant to resolve lingering issues of colonialism? END
START from what nation did nasser support the independence of tunisia, algeria and morocco? END
START what did nasser pursue for palestinians? END
START what organization offered possible solutions arab-israeli conflict, which nasser supported? END
START what political philosophy did nasser adopt? END
START what global period was positive neutralism meant to deal with? END
START how did the egyptian people react to nasser after the conference? END
START how did the egyptian press react to nasser's accomplishments? END
START in what year did egypt get a new constitution? END
START what was the political party arrangement of the new constitution? END
START what was the dominant political party?  END
START from what group did the national union originate? END
START who did nasser want more involved in his new political order? END
START who could approve or reject candidates for the national assembly? END
START who received new and special protections in the new constitution? END
START what group dissolved when the new constitution was enacted? END
START among the original free officers, what did nasser do to his opponents?  END
START what did nasser's allies receive in the new arrangement? END
START with what two nations did nasser's foreign policy clash? END
START what construction project suffered from foreign political retaliation against nasser? END
START what communist country did nasser and egypt recognize? END
START france was angered by nasser's support of the independence of what people? END
START the uk was chafed by nasser's opposition to what agreement? END
START how did nasser react to the news the the us and uk had blocked construction of th aswan dam? END
START what piece of infrastructure did nasser propose to nationalize?  END
START what was nasser's cabinet's knowledge of the nationalization scheme before nasser announced it? END
START when did the last british troops leave egypt? END
START what did nasser propose to do with funds from the nationalized suez canal? END
START how many egyptians did nasser claim died building the suez canal? END
START who did nasser claim would still be paid despite nationalization of the canal? END
START what country had signed an agreement with nasser in 1954? END
START how did the arab world react to news of the nationalization of the suez canal? END
START what nation's shipping was forbidden from using the suez canal? END
START what us ambassador spoke about the widespread support for nasser's nationalization of the canal? END
START where was nasser believed to be a spokesman for the poor and oppressed? END
START what nations were outraged by the nationalization scheme? END
START what nation did nasser judge impossible to become militarially involved? END
START what entity drew up an agreement that drastically reduced the threat of military action against egypt? END
START what did the uk, france and israel intend to do to nasser? END
START in what year did battle over the suez canal commence? END
START what did the british and french air forces bomb? END
START what city did nasser want to keep the french and british out of? END
START who wanted the egyptian armored units to fight the israelis? END
START what did nasser do to the canal? END
START how many egyptian soldiers died during the fighting? END
START how many egyptian soldiers did the israeli army capture? END
START to whom did nasser authorize distribution of small arms? END
START who recommended nasser surrender himself to the british? END
START what was the consequence to nassir's admiration among the arab world for egypt's military failure? END
START how many egyptians died in the battle for port said? END
START what did nasser think was the most importatnt location in the battle for the canal? END
START in what state was the egyptian army after fighting the french and uk? END
START who was ultimately able to claim victoy in port said? END
START what country was opposed to the invasion of the canal? END
START what leader did nasser applaud? END
START what military force was brought in to calm the situation? END
START what did nasser impose as a result of the conflict? END
START what radio station furthered nasser's agenda? END
START what were arab admirers of nasser called? END
START what did the admirers of nasser lack? END
START who said that nasser conquered the arab workd with radio? END
START what would have nasser prefferred his admirers call themselves? END
START what was the policy meant to contain communism in the middle east? END
START when was the eisenhower doctrine adopted? END
START what leader did the us prop up to foil nasser? END
START what country joined an alliance with egypt, syria and saudi arabia? END
START although not communist, what about nasser concerned pro-western groups? END
START what leader accused nasser of trying to overthrow him? END
START what did nasser call king hussein? END
START what non-egyptian leader was concerned about nasser's popularity outside of egypt? END
START despite conflicts with arab governments, who continued to support nasser? END
START what nations' assets did nasser nationalize in 1957? END
START how much of the economy was not controlled by nassir's government? END
START what entity did nasser spearhead that was a boon for egypt's economy? END
START what nation did nasser join economic forces with? END
START what project did nasser cooperate with the soviet union on? END
START what country wanted to join with egypt? END
START what syrian group did nasser crack down on? END
START what was the egyptian-syrian alliance called? END
START what year was the uar formed? END
START who tried to assassinate nasser? END
START how was the assassination supposed to have been carried out? END
START who assumed power in saudi arabia after the failed assassination attempt? END
START what was king faisal's position toward nasser? END
START how many members were in the national assembly? END
START how many members of the national assembly were from egypt? END
START what soviet leader did nasser spar with? END
START what did khrushchev want nasser to remove the ban on? END
START who were the two national assembly vice-presidents in egypt? END
START who was nasser's opponent in lebanon? END
START what did lebanese pro-nasser groups want? END
START what did nasser want to deny chamoun? END
START who was in charge of dealing with the lebanon situation? END
START what degree of support did pro-nasser factions in lebanon receive? END
START what two men overthrew the iraqi monarchy? END
START what anti-nasser iraqi was assassinated? END
START where did us marines land? END
START why did jordan and lebanon seek outside aid? END
START how did nasser see the prospects for arab unity? END
START who did nasser appoint to run syria? END
START what was syria like under sarraj? END
START who did lebanon elect in 1958? END
START how did relations between lebanon and the uar change with chehab's election? END
START in what year did nasser and chehab agree to end the lebanon crisis? END
START what iraqi leader clashed with nasser? END
START what did quasm do to anger nasser? END
START what did nasser suppress as a result? END
START what old ally did nasser turn against? END
START what syrian social group opposed the uar? END
START how was syria's economy fairing under the arrangement? END
START how did nasser respond to economic problems in syria? END
START what did nasser do to sarraj to try and help the political situation? END
START what industry did nassir nationalize in 1960? END
START what syrian anti-nasser group lauched a coup? END
START in what year did syria leave the uar? END
START where did nasser send egyptian special forces? END
START what happened to nasser after the breakup of the uar? END
START how was nasser's health after the breakup of the uar? END
START what country experienced a coup in 1962? END
START what country agreed to help suppress the yemeni rebellion? END
START which side of the civil war did nasser side with? END
START in what year did egypt leave yemen's civil war? END
START how did nasser characterize egypt's involvement in yemen's civil war? END
START what groups completed a coup in iraq? END
START who became the new iraqi president after the coup? END
START what caused the agreement to fail? END
START how did nasser describe the ba'athists? END
START what river did the israelis want to divert? END
START how did syria and jordan see israel's plans? END
START what leader did nasser bond with durin gthe negotiations? END
START what organization was formed as a result of the talks? END
START who was set to lead the plo? END
START in what year was the non-aligned movment formed? END
START who was named leader of the nam in 1964? END
START what global conflict was the nam made to counter? END
START what continent did nasser help to attain political stability? END
START who did nasser give asylum to? END
START what type of programming was broadcast from cairo? END
START what african group did nasser help to form? END
START what year was the oau formed? END
START what country did nasser want to be the leader of the arab world? END
START what two disparate ideologies was nasser trying to unite? END
START what religious group did nasser endeavor to reform? END
START what religious group was nasser seeking to marginalize? END
START what military entity did nasser create in 1961? END
START as opposed to personal loyalty, what basis should military promotions be given, according to nasser? END
START why did nasser abandon the presidential council? END
START what leader was sidelined by the presidential council? END
START what was the presidential council meant to do? END
START from whom did nasser want to seize control of egypt's military? END
START who blinked in the confrontation between nasser and amer? END
START how did amer respond to nasser's attempts to marginalize him? END
START how did nasser deal with the stress of the uar's collapse and amer's intransigence? END
START from what chronic illness was nasser suffering? END
START what political ideology did nasser wholeheartedly back in 1961? END
START what was the document nasser backed to push his socialist reforms? END
START what infrastructure project was part of the national charter? END
START what year was the national charter released? END
START what type of health care program was put forth in the national charter? END
START what percentage of business did the egyptian government own in 1962? END
START what was the new name for the national union? END
START what was the expression of nasser's reforms on the street? END
START what group was targeted with imprisonment? END
START how did two of nasser's top aids respond to the new measures? END
START what was nasser's political opposition like in the 1965 election? END
START the leader of what organization was imprisoned by nasser? END
START what was qutb's sentence? END
START what economic element did nasser try to encourage with bank loans? END
START how did egypt's economy do during the 1960s? END
START what country warned nasser that israel wanted to attack syria? END
START what did amer do without nasser's approval? END
START what nations were trying to drag egypt into a war, according to king hussein? END
START what territory was king hussein afraid israel would obtain? END
START who did nasser think would prevent israel from launching an offensive? END
START what thoroughfare did amir want nasser to block? END
START who was nassir's vice president? END
START how would nassir deal with an israeli invasion, if it happened? END
START what country joined egypt and syria against israel? END
START what defeat opened nasser's eyes to the desperation of egypt's situation? END
START what two egyptian leaders personal conflicts played a large part in egypt's poor showing  in the war? END
START what did nasser dismiss during the war? END
START what propaganda were arab media broadcasting at the beginning of the war? END
START what day did nasser announce egypt's defeat? END
START what did nasser do about his position as president? END
START who rejected nasser's offer to become the new president? END
START what did nasser do after mass demonstrations? END
START who did nasser appoint as the new head of egypt's armed forces? END
START how did amer react to being confronted about planning a coup? END
START how did nasser try to deal with the military following the coup attempt? END
START what loyalists did nasser target? END
START where was the arab league summit held? END
START what leader assumed a more prominent position due to nasser's difficulites? END
START what agreement ended the yemeni civil war? END
START what nation granted military aid to egypt? END
START what document called for israel to abandon land it obtained during the war? END
START what new positions did nasser give himself ? END
START when did students protest for political reforms? END
START what type of people were ousted from nasser's cabinet? END
START what type of spying did nasser want to concentrate on? END
START what organization was to undergo a big overhaul? END
START what trend was nasser trying to cause? END
START how did nasser's promises of increased freedoms turn out? END
START how did nasser want to change the relationship between parliament and the executive? END
START what was the endeavor to reclaim territory from israel called? END
START in what year did the war of attrition begin? END
START who led the fatah movement? END
START in what battle had the fatah movement distinguished itself? END
START to whom did nasser give authority to deal with israel? END
START what did nasser do to respond to israeli attacks? END
START when did the war start up again? END
START what groups did nasser broker an agreement with? END
START who would get to attack israel from lebanon? END
START what was the american plan to end conflict with israel? END
START who pressured nasser to accept the rogers plan? END
START what did nasser want to use the agreement to do? END
START how did nasser equate peace with israel? END
START what did nasser move to the canal zone? END
START when did nasser die? END
START how did nasser die? END
START who was with nasser when he died? END
START what health events had nasser suffered in 1966 and 1969? END
START how old were nasser's brothers when they died? END
START how many people attended nasser's funeral? END
START at what landmark did the funeral procession begin? END
START who was the only arab leader not to attend nasser's funeral? END
START what leader twice fainted during the funeral? END
START who was the soviet leader who attended nasser's funeral? END
START how many eople died in breuit because of unrest caused by nasser's death? END
START how many people marched in jerusalem? END
START who said, "the world will never again see five million people crying together?" END
START what did a lebanese publication call the arabs following nasser's death? END
START what did nasser completely eliminate from egypt? END
START what did nasser work to put into place in egypt? END
START how were working conditions and employment at the end of nasser's presidency? END
START what had drained resources from nasser's social programs? END
START what reform, initiated by nasser, caused the egyptian economy to grow? END
START what are two infrastructure projects nasser embarked on? END
START how was egyptian culture under nasser refered to? END
START what was the most prominent thing nasser nationalized? END
START what type of political parties came about when mubarek was president? END
START what was the first nasserist political party? END
START what party came in third in the 2013 election? END
START what consolated party was formed from several nasserist groups? END
START what was nasser known for in regard to ordinary citizens? END
START how many speeches did nasser give? END
START who gave the most speeches of any egyptian leader? END
START what institution helped cultivate nasser's positive public image? END
START who was most critical of nasser's rule? END
START what event generated criticism of nasser from egypt's elite? END
START during whose presidency were egyptians nostalgic for nasser? END
START what ideals are associated with nasser's time as prsident? END
START whad did nasser's enemies call him? END
START who did nasser imprison thousands of? END
START what did tawfiq al-hakim call nasser? END
START what egyptian party dismissed nasser's popular appeal? END
START who blamed the 1952 revolution's failings on nasser? END
START to what did critics attribute nasser's popular appeal? END
START what did nasser's political style render unnecessary? END
START what was needed under nasser, the absence of which guaranteed instability? END
START who called nasser an irrational and irresponsible leader? END
START who was nasser's closest western advisor? END
START who was nasser's vice president? END
START what gambit did nasser fail at in his bluster with israel? END
START what did nasser do over the years of his rule? END
START what did mohieddin attribute nassir's mistakes in 1967 to? END
START what did other arab leaders have to do to gain admiration of their populations? END
START what did nasser cause in the wider arab world? END
START what have other arab leaders been unable to do that nasser was? END
START what did nasser symbolize? END
START who was algeria's first president, a fervent nasserist? END
START what nasserist usurped the king of yemen? END
START which leader considered nasser his hero? END
START what leader took power in sudan and was inspired by nasser? END
START what organization continued nasser's philosophies? END
START what 1963 film compared nasser to saladin? END
START what 1996 nasser-related film set a box office record? END
START what was nasser 56 about? END
START what was the famous biopic about nasser? END
START who did nasser marry in 1944? END
START who introduced nasser and his wife? END
START where did nasser and his wife live after they were married? END
START what job of nasser's offered him a comparably comfortable lifestyle? END
START what was nasser's principle vice? END
START how long was a typical workday for nasser? END
START what illness was nasser diagnosed with in 1960? END
START what year did nasser die? END
START what did egyptian state media claim was the reason for nasser's absence after his second heart attack? END
START what was pope saint john xxiii's birth name? END
START when was pope saint john xxiii born? END
START when did pope saint xxiii die? END
START how long did he reign as pope? END
START when was he ordained to the priesthood? END
START when was pope pius xii born? END
START when did pope pius xii die? END
START how long did pope pius xii reign as pope? END
START when was pope pius xii canonized? END
START what was the birth name of pope pius xii? END
START how old was roncalli when elected pope? END
START when was roncalli elected pope? END
START he was the first pope to take the pontifical name of "john" upon election in how long? END
START pope john xxiii surprised those who expected him to be a caretaker pope by calling what? END
START when did he call the second vatican council? END
START when was st. peter's square built? END
START when the second vatican council came to rome what did they plan to return to? END
START how long has there been a pope in rome? END
START what did god expect the pope to be? END
START what did the crowd gathered at st. peter's square think the pope's name choice settled? END
START when did the pope die? END
START what did the pope die of? END
START where was he buried? END
START when was he beatified? END
START he is still known today as what? END
START when did pope francis die? END
START how long after he was elected did pope francis die? END
START where was pope francis buried? END
START what illness did pope francis die of? END
START when was pope francis beatified? END
START when is his feast day celebrated? END
START what is october 11? END
START when did pope francis added his optional memorial to the worldwide general roman calendar of saints' feast days? END
START where did pope francis commemorate his death on 3 june? END
START where did pope francis commemorate his death on 4 june? END
START when does the united states celebrate his feast day? END
START what was added by the evangelical lutheran church on thursday, 11 sept. 2014? END
START why did the evangelical lutheran church add this memorial to the calendar? END
START what group was created by pope francis? END
START what date was pope john paul inagurated? END
START when did pietro gasparri summon him to the vatican? END
START who was the cardinal secretary of state in 1925? END
START when was he the apostolic visitor to bulgaria? END
START when was his nomination as apostolic visitor made official? END
START who was he consecrated by? END
START when was pius xi asked to come to the vatican by the cardinal secretary of state? END
START when was pope pius xi named apostolic visitor to bulgaria? END
START where was pope pius xi consecrated? END
START what was the guiding motto of pope pius xi? END
START what happened when pope pius xi was in bulgaria? END
START when was he appointed apostolic delegate to turkey and greece? END
START he was appointed titular archbishop of where? END
START what ws he known by in the turkish community? END
START when did he take that position? END
START who did he introduce bulgarian pilgrims to? END
START when was pope pius xi appointed apostolic delegate to turkey and greece? END
START where was pope pius xi named a titular archbishop? END
START what title is pope pius xi known by in turkey? END
START when did pope pius xi take his position in turkey? END
START who did pope pius xi used his office to save?  END
START when did he hear that his mother was dying? END
START when did pope pius xi die? END
START when did his mother die? END
START who sent him the letter informing him of his mother's death? END
START when was pope pius xii elected? END
START what did cardinal eugenio pacelli receive in february 1939? END
START when did cardinal eugenio pacelli die? END
START during what time did cardinal eugenio pacelli die? END
START when was roncalli elected as pope? END
START how did pope pius xi keep track of the election of the new pope? END
START when was he appointed patriarch of venice? END
START pope pius xii raised him to what rank? END
START when did he leave france for venice? END
START when did he take up his new diocese in venice? END
START who was the president of france in 1953? END
START when was pope pius xii appointed patriarch of venice? END
START what rank was pope pius xii raised to? END
START on what date did pope pius xii leave france to go to venice? END
START when did pope pius xii take possession of the diocese in venice? END
START what did the president of france give to pope piux xii as a sign of esteem? END
START when was his sister ancilla diagnosed with stomach cancer? END
START when did he send his last letter to his dying sister? END
START when did ancilla die? END
START where did he want to be buried? END
START what was roncalli diagnosed with in the early 1950's? END
START where did roncalli's sister want to be buried in her will? END
START where was roncalli's funeral held? END
START when was one of roncalli's predecessors buried? END
START when did pope pius xii die? END
START when was his last full day in venice? END
START why did roncalli leave venice? END
START he was elected pope after how many ballots? END
START when did roncalli die? END
START what did pope piux xii do on october 11? END
START what was pope pius xii concerned about so that he wrote it down? END
START when pope pius xii left venice, where was he going? END
START how many ballots did pope pius xii have when he was elected as pope? END
START who was the archbishop of milan? END
START new pontiffs are chosen from cardinals who head what? END
START when was montini absent from the conclave? END
START what was the roman curia absent from in 1958? END
START who can be elected to the college of cardinals under canon law? END
START where did the college of cardinals choose the archbishop of milan from? END
START what age did the archbishop of milan not have to be below to serve in office? END
START what were eastern-rite cardinals in charge of in italy? END
START when was the final ballot of the conclave? END
START how many votes did he have? END
START what name did roncalli choose? END
START john had not been a chosen name in how long? END
START who was the last to choose the name john? END
START at what time was john xxiii called to final ballot of the conclave? END
START what time was cardinal eugene tisserant elected as pope? END
START how many votes did cardinal eugene tisserant have? END
START what was the presumption about cardinal eugene tisserant because he was older when elected? END
START what were the other cardinals trying to do by electing cardinal eugene tisserant as pope? END
START what did john xxiii call for? END
START when was the decision made for this council? END
START where was the decision made for this council? END
START who did cardinal giovanni battista montini later become? END
START what did pope paul vi call for? END
START what changes were made by the council of trent? END
START who did giulio bevilacqua later become? END
START in what century was catholocism popular? END
START how many years had passed since giulio bevilacqua called for the first vatican council? END
START john xxiii was an advocate for what? END
START what did he write about human rights in? END
START his advocacy from human rights included whom? END
START what did widows advocate for? END
START what work, written by widows, focused on human rights? END
START what do people who are disabled need the most, according to widows? END
START what are two groups that need the most services, according to widows? END
START what is one time that widows think the unborn should be taken care of? END
START john xxiii continued the gradual reform of what? END
START he published changes that resulted in what? END
START what did pope pius v establish in 1570? END
START pope benedict xvi authorized continued use of the roman missal in what year? END
START when was the roman rite created? END
START what did pope benedict xvi continue the gradual reform of? END
START what did the changes published by pope benedict xvi cause? END
START what did pope john xxiii establish in 1570? END
START why did pope john xxiii establish the tridentine mass? END
START what did pope pius v continue to authorize the use of in 2007? END
START where was the first session of the second vatican council held? END
START when was the first session of the second vatican council held? END
START what speech did he give? END
START why were the people in saint peter's square chanting and yelling? END
START who did gaudet mater eclessia want to see when he was in st peter's square? END
START when was gaudet mater ecclesia elected to the second vatican council? END
START what did gaudet mater ecclesia work on that day? END
START what speech was given by several council commissions? END
START what did the public want gaudet mater ecclesia to do when he appeared at the window? END
START a solemn ceremony ended the first session on what day? END
START when was the next session scheduled? END
START when was the next session announced? END
START who did john xxiii wish to see canonized? END
START when was pope john xxiii canonized? END
START when was pope pius ix at a spiritual retreat? END
START when thinking of john xxiii, what did pope pius ix want to be worthy of? END
START how did pope pius ix remember john xxiii as being? END
START when was pope john xxiii beatified? END
START john xxiii offered to mediate between who? END
START when was the cuban missile crisis? END
START who expressed best wishes for the pope's health? END
START john xxiii became the first pope to receive what title? END
START who was the latest pope to hold the title of 'man of the year?' END
START who did pope john paul ii offer to mediate between during the cuban missile crisis? END
START what did norman cousins applaud pope john paul ii for? END
START why did jfk send a letter to pope john paul ii? END
START what did pope john paul ii send to jfk personally? END
START what title did time magazine give to jfk in 1994? END
START john xxiii received what prize on 10 may 1963? END
START when did john xxiii receive the balzan prize? END
START who officially awarded the pope the balzan prize? END
START where did he receive the balzan prize? END
START what award was given to pope pius xii on may 10, 1963? END
START where was pope pius xii given the balzan prize on may 10, 1963? END
START how did pope pius xii feel about receiving the award? END
START when was pope pius xii officially awarded the balzan prize by the italian president? END
START what was pope pius xii suffering from on the way to meet the president of italy? END
START what did the pope suffer on 25 may 1963? END
START who broke the news to john xxiii about his cancer? END
START when was it clear that the cancer had overcome the resistance of john xxiii? END
START what did loris f. capovilla suffer from on may 25, 1963? END
START what treatment did she require on may 25, 1963? END
START what had happened to the cancer loris f. capovilla was suffering from? END
START what could be done to help loris's condition? END
START when was it clear that loris was loosing her battle with stomach cancer? END
START who was at the dying pope's bedside? END
START who was the papal sacristan for john xxiii? END
START when did the pope bid farewell? END
START what kind of family was petrus canisius van lierde born into? END
START what did van lierde mention about the work of the church? END
START what did john xxiii forget to do when he was overcome with emotion? END
START when did van lierde give everyone a last farewell? END
START what was annointed by john xxiii? END
START what did john xxiii die of? END
START what day did he die? END
START how old was john xxiii upon his death? END
START who celebrated his mass for him in the square below? END
START what day was he buried? END
START what did luigi traglia die of? END
START when did luigi traglia die? END
START what was done to luigi traglia's brow to see if he was dead? END
START where was luigi traglia buried? END
START when did john xxiii pray at luigi traglia's tomb? END
START who posthumously awarded his the presidential medal of freedom? END
START when did president johnson award him? END
START what is the presidential medal freedom? END
START when was president johnson's speech for john xxiii? END
START what did pope john xxiii award lyndon b johnson? END
START when was the award given to president johnson? END
START why was this award given by the pope to lyndon b. johnson? END
START when did john xxiii give a speech for president johnson? END
START how did pope john xxiii describe lynden b. johnson? END
START what was he also known as? END
START who opened his cause for canonization? END
START when was pope john xxiii considered "blessed?" END
START who declared him "blessed?" END
START who was the last pope before john xxiii to receive the title? END
START when was pope john paul ii declared "blessed"? END
START what was pope john paul ii also known as? END
START where was pope john paul ii taken after his beatification? END
START who opened the cause for canonization for pope john paul ii? END
START during what event was the cause for canonization opened for pope john paul ii? END
START when was the 50th anniversary of his death? END
START who celebrated his 50th anniversary? END
START where were the people gathered at his tomb from? END
START when did francis approve john xxiii for canonization? END
START on what date was john xxiii and pope john paul ii declared saints? END
START when was the 50th anniversary of pope francis's death? END
START where is pope francis originally from? END
START what was approved by pope john paul ii on july 5, 2013 for pope francis? END
START what did pope john paul ii base his decision to canonize john xxiii on? END
START what were pope francis and bergamo declared as on sunday april 27, 2014? END
START time has long been a major point of study in which fields? END
START fields such as business, industry, sports, science, and performing arts incorporate some notion of what into their measuring systems? END
START what is an example of a simple definition of time? END
START which three fields usually support performing arts? END
START what fields use measuring systems to check the weight of their products? END
START what does having rules in sports usually prevent? END
START what does science use to test a hypothesis? END
START what do athletes need to use to be aware of where their teammates are in a game? END
START fields such as business, industry, sports, science, and performing arts incorporate some notion of what into their clocks? END
START what keeps everything from happening at different times? END
START what fields incorporate some notion of clocks into their measuring system? END
START what has long been a major subject of study in human sensation? END
START what does time measure? END
START according to one of the main viewpoints of time, time is part of the fundamental structure of what? END
START the realist view of time is sometimes referred to as what? END
START what does the opposing view of time believe time is a part of? END
START who is divided about the structure of the universe? END
START in what order did gottfried leibniz believe events occur? END
START what kind of time did gottfried leibniz believe in, as a supporter of sir isaac newton? END
START how was immanuel kant described, since he also believed in newtonian time? END
START what did sir issac newton believe that you could not do in time? END
START according to one of the main viewpoints of time, time is part of the view of what? END
START what is the realest view of time sometimes known as? END
START what does the opposing view of time believe the universe is a part of? END
START who subscribed to the opposing view? END
START who believe time is neither a structure or a view? END
START time is one of how many fundamental physical quantities? END
START time is one of the fundamental physical quantities in which two systems? END
START what is an example of a quantity that time is used to define, mentioned in the paragraph? END
START investigations of what brought questions of space into questions about time? END
START philosophy is one of how many fundamental physical quantities? END
START in what two systems is philosophy considered a fundamental physical quantity? END
START what is something else that philosophy is used to define? END
START what kind of experiments can be used when understanding philosophy? END
START who first used philosophy to understand everyday affairs of life? END
START philosophy is one of how many fundamental physical quantities? END
START philosophy is one of the fundamental physical quantities in which two systems? END
START what is an example of a quantity that philosophy is used to define, mentioned in the paragraph? END
START investigations of what brought questions of space into questions about philosophy? END
START what do questions about velocity have their roots in? END
START what has been a prime motivation in astronomy and navigation? END
START periodic events and periodic motion have served as standards for what? END
START what is the current international unit of time? END
START the electronic transition frequency of which element defines the second? END
START time has personal value due to awareness of it's limited nature in what? END
START what groups have been occupied by understanding the life span of humans? END
START how important is a strong economy considered? END
START how do you define the method used for tracking heartbeats? END
START what do caesium atoms affect to make them shorter? END
START why do scientists want to study caesium atoms? END
START what has been a prime motivation in units of time? END
START what have periodic events and transition frequency have served as standards for? END
START what is the current national unit of time? END
START why does time have international value? END
START what is an example of a technologist? END
START what is a mathematical tool used for organizing intervals of time? END
START what is a physical tool that tracks the passage of time? END
START which tool is used in day to day life? END
START which tool is used in periods longer than a day? END
START how is the number that marks the occurrence of an event obtained? END
START for how long does chronometry usually display a reference point? END
START what do fiducial epochs display at the same time? END
START what physical mechanism is used to count periods longer than a day? END
START what organizational mathmatical tool is used for a time period of less than a day? END
START what do people usually carry with them at all times? END
START what is a mathematical tool used for organizing intervals on clocks?  END
START what is a physical tool that tracks the passage of points? END
START which tool is used in periods longer than an interval? END
START how is the number that marks the occurrence of an interval obtained? END
START what takes three distinct period forms? END
START artifacts from which era suggest that the moon was used to reckon time around 6,000 years ago? END
START which calendars were among the first to appear? END
START how long were the original lunar calendars? END
START where did some of the other early forms of calendars originate? END
START how many months were in a year in the original mayan calendars? END
START during what time period did the mesoamerican age appear? END
START when did the mayan civilization first appear? END
START how many days did it take to date artifacts from the paleolithic? END
START how many artifacts were found that connected the moon to mayan culture? END
START what culture was the first create artifacts that were found? END
START artifacts from which era suggest that the moon was used to reckon time around 12 years ago? END
START which calendars were among the last to appear? END
START how long were the original lunisolar calendars? END
START where did some of the other early forms of months originate? END
START how many seasons were in a year in the original mayan calendars? END
START what was the most accurate clock-like device in the ancient world? END
START a clepsyrda was found in the tomb of which pharaoh? END
START which inventors made significant improvements on the water clock up until the middle ages? END
START which engineers came up with the first mechanical clocks? END
START when were the first mechanical clocks created? END
START what device was invented by the ancient greeks? END
START what mechanism was used to replenish water in a water clock? END
START what was another term used for a mechanical clock? END
START why did the chinese maintain timekeeping records in the 11th century? END
START for how long did the ancient greeks make improvements to the water clock? END
START what was the most accurate clock=like device in chaldea? END
START a clepsyrda was found in the tomb of which greek? END
START which inventors made significant improvements on the water clock up until the ancient world? END
START which engineers came up with the first clocks? END
START when were the first water clocks created? END
START which device uses the flow of sand to measure time? END
START how many hourglasses did magellan use on each ship during his famous voyage across the globe? END
START what method did temples and churches use to measure time? END
START which abbot of st. alban's abbey built a mechanical clock around 1330? END
START who is credited with the invention of the minute hand? END
START what did richard of wallingford use to circumnavigate the globe? END
START in what year did ferdinand magellan build a mechanical clock? END
START how many inventions were made by galileo? END
START where are pendulum driven clocks used now and also in the past to measure time? END
START where are the temples and churches located that use pendulum clocks to measure time? END
START which device uses minutes to measure time? END
START how many hourglasses did galileo galilei use on each ship during his famous voyage across the globe? END
START what method did temples and chruches use to measure the globe? END
START which abbot of st. alban's abbey built a mechanical clock around 1292? END
START who made great advances in candles? END
START which timekeeping devices are the most accurate? END
START what method do atomic clocks use to measure seconds? END
START which system bases its unit of time on the properties of caesium? END
START how long has the international system of measurements based the second on caesium? END
START in what year were caesium atoms discovered? END
START what are microwaves the most accurate at doing? END
START what are microwaves also used to calibrate? END
START what system bases its unit of time on microwave properties? END
START how many cycles of radiation are in microwaves? END
START which timekeeping devices are the least accurate? END
START what method do atomic clocks use to measure cycles? END
START which system bases its unit of time on the properties of vibrations? END
START how long has the international system of measurements based the second on years? END
START how does caesium deine the second? END
START which standard of time started with british railways? END
START when was gmt adopted by british railways? END
START gmt used what instead of atomic clocks? END
START when did observations at the greenwich observatory cease? END
START the terms gmt and greenwich mean time are also used informally to refer to what? END
START in what year did british railways go into business? END
START what did the british railway stop using in 1954? END
START what did greenwich mean time replace in 1847? END
START how constant is an atomic clock? END
START what happens when an atomic clock is not constant? END
START which standard of time started with the international astronomical union? END
START when was gmt adopted by the international astronomical union? END
START the international astronomical union used what instead of atomic clocks? END
START when did observations at the greenwich observatory begin? END
START the term calibrated is also used informally to refer to what?  END
START how many main viewpoints divide many philosophers? END
START the realist view states that time is part of the fundamental structure of what? END
START the realist view is sometimes referred to as what? END
START the opposing view states that time is an intellectual concept that allows people to what? END
START how many viewpoints are there about different dimensions? END
START gottfried leibniz believed time is part of the fundamental structure of what? END
START what does the realist view believe don't exist of themselves? END
START what did sir isaac newton believe time and space were the product of? END
START what did sir isaac newton believe was the only way we can know objects? END
START how many main viewpoints divide many sequences? END
START who subscribed to the third view? END
START what is another name for the second view? END
START what does the third view hold that? END
START who believe in the third view? END
START what are the earliest texts of indian/hindu philosophy? END
START how long ago are the earliest texts of indian/hindu philosophy dated? END
START how long does each cycle of birth and destruction of the universe last according to ancient hindu texts? END
START which ancient greek philosophers wrote essays on the concept of time? END
START aristotle defined time as "number of movement in respect of the before and after" in which book? END
START for how long has the timaeus existed? END
START in what year did plato write book iv of his physica? END
START what cycles did aristotle write about in the timaeus? END
START what greek philosophers wrote the vedas? END
START what did hundu cosmology identify time with? END
START what are the earliest texts of heraclitus philosophy? END
START how long ago are the earliest texts of heraclitus philosophy dated? END
START how long does each cycle of birth and destruction of the universe last according to ancient indian texts? END
START which ancient indian philosophers wrote essays on the concept of time? END
START in which book did paramenides define time as "number of movement in respect of the before and after?" END
START who commented on the nature of time in book 11 of his confessions? END
START by what does st. augustine of hippo begin to define time? END
START what does augustine call time in confessions 11.26? END
START how is memory defined as? END
START how does st. augustine define memory? END
START in what book does st. augustine reflect on how memory works? END
START what does st. augustine say when someone asks him about memory? END
START where is a similar approach of defining memory also taken? END
START who commented on the nature of time in book 26 of his confessions? END
START by what does st. augustine of hippo begin to define memory? END
START what does augustine call memory in confessions 11.26? END
START who calls memory a distention of the mind? END
START who ruminates on the nature of approaches? END
START in what did immanuel kant describe time as a priori intuition that allows humankind to understand sense experience? END
START what did kant portray space and time to be? END
START kant thought of time as a fundamental part of what? END
START what type of measurements are used to quantify the duration of events? END
START what type of measurements are used to quantify the distances between objects? END
START how did immanuel kant describe the mind? END
START what does the mind allow us to do according to immanuel kant? END
START what framework is the mind a part of? END
START what did kant also think of the mind as a part of? END
START how do we process with our minds according to kant? END
START in what did immanuel kant describe measurement as a priori intuition that allows humankind to understand sense experience? END
START what did kant portray measurement and time to be? END
START kant thought of measurement as a fundamental part of what? END
START what type of measurements are used to quantify the number of events? END
START what type of measurements are used to quantify the distance between measurements? END
START who suggested that humankind does not exist inside time, but is time? END
START the relationship to the future is the state of anticipating what? END
START what is considered a qualitative experience rather than a quantitative one? END
START according to heidegger, what can we do, in our thoughts? END
START who thought that people are the possibilities they search for? END
START a linear relationship with time is the state of what? END
START how is the past defined instead of being quantitative? END
START what is broken when we are stuck in sequential time? END
START what are we able to do when stuck in sequential time? END
START who suggested that humankind does not exist inside the present, but is the present? END
START what is considered a quantitative experience rather than a qualatative one? END
START what can we do in the present according to heldegger? END
START who said we do not exist in the future? END
START what are we able to forget? END
START minkowski spacetime combines the three dimensions of space with what? END
START in minkowski spacetime, how can distances in space be measured? END
START what are two events in minkowski spacetime separated by? END
START the invariant interval between events is independent of what? END
START the invariant interval that separates two events in minkowski spacetime can either be what? END
START what are light years combined with in minkowski spacetime? END
START how are bodies in space measured? END
START how are independent observers separated? END
START what are some characteristics that are applied to bodies in space? END
START what will events that have a time-like separation always be in some frame of reference? END
START what does minkowski spacetime combine the three dimensions of time with? END
START in minkowski spacetime, how can time be measured? END
START what are two events in minkowski spacetime connected by? END
START what is the invariant interval between time is independent of? END
START what may the same observer calculate? END
START what newtonian concept can be used in the formulation of an idea for the synchronization of clocks? END
START in which century did physicists encounter problems with the understanding of time? END
START the behavior of which two phenomena caused physicists to encounter problems with their understanding of time in the late 19th century? END
START which famous scientist resolved these issues? END
START in what year did einstein encounter problems with using electricity? END
START who's concept can be used to synchronize the use of electricity? END
START what did physicists use to solve the problems of electricity synchronization? END
START what did the use of the speed of light by newton lead to? END
START what concept by einstein can be used to synchronize electricity in classical mechanics? END
START what newtonian concept can be used in the formulation of an idea for the understanding of clocks? END
START in which century did physicists encounter problems with the understanding of electricity? END
START which famous scientist struggled with these issues? END
START the behavior of which two phenomena caused physicists to encounter problems with their understanding of clocks in the late 19th century? END
START how did einstein resolve the two different observers? END
START historically, time has been closely related with what? END
START in which of einstein's two theories do time and space merge into spacetime? END
START according to einsteins two relativity theories, the concept of time depends on what? END
START a crew in a spaceship travelling nearly the speed of light will not notice the change in what? END
START how will the above mentioned spaceship appear to a stationary observer? END
START what have a crew's thought processes usually been related to? END
START what is it called when a spaceship flies though space? END
START what does a space crew's thought processes depend on? END
START flying through what makes the crew appear flattened out to each other? END
START what will an observer not notice the change of when watching a spaceship fly by? END
START historically, what has been related to clocks? END
START in which of einstein's two theories do time and clocks merge into spacetime? END
START according to einstein's two relativity theories, what depends on the concept of clocks? END
START a crew in a spaceship traveling nearly the speed of sound will not notice the change in what? END
START how will the spaceship appear to an observer traveling at the same speed? END
START how does the crew on board the spaceship perceive the stationary observer? END
START the crew's perception of what is different from a stationary observer? END
START what the crew perceives as seconds might be seen as how long to a stationary observer? END
START what remains unchanged in both the cases of the spaceship crew and of the stationary observer? END
START how is the future perceived as by the crew? END
START where does the future appear flattened and slowed according to the crew? END
START why does the future appear this way to the crew? END
START why does the crew believe that the universe is traveling slowly? END
START how long would it take for a spaceship to cross the universe? END
START how does the crew board the spaceship perceive the traveling observer? END
START the crew's perception of what is different from the ship? END
START what the crew perceives as seconds might be seen as how long to a moving observer? END
START what remains unchanged in both the cases of the spaceship crew and of the moving observer? END
START what is the set of events to which a moving observer can send light signals? END
START who showed, in his thought experiments, that people travelling at different speeds measured time differently? END
START in what case do these effects become much more noticeable? END
START how long do most subatomic particles exist for in a lab? END
START einstein showed how what could be altered by high speed motion? END
START what subatomic particle was discovered by einstein? END
START what slows down for a spacial demension's frame of reference? END
START what did einstein show that light could be warped by? END
START when at rest, how fast is a dimension's velocity? END
START what seems to shorten in the presence of a spatial dimension? END
START who showed, in his thought experiments, that people traveling at different speeds measured light differently? END
START in what case do these effects become much more relative? END
START how long do most subatomic particles exist for in a warp? END
START einstein showed how what could be altered by fixed particles? END
START what exist for a second in a lab? END
START what laws do not specify an arrow of time? END
START the direction of the arrow of time is sometimes what? END
START which law states that entropy must increase over time? END
START the violation of what implies that there should be a small counterbalancing time asymmetry? END
START the standard description of measurement in quantum mechanics is what? END
START in what directions do the laws of entropy allow light to go? END
START what does quantum mechanics determine about entropy? END
START what needs to be preserved according to quantum mechanics? END
START which law says that cpt symmetry must increase over time? END
START in particle physics what should there be to preserve entropy? END
START what laws specify as an arrow of time? END
START the direction of the past is sometimes what? END
START which law states that entropy must increase in the past? END
START the violation of what implies that there should be a small counterbalancing difection asymmetry? END
START what is the standard description of direction in quantum mechanics? END
START stephen hawking makes a connection between time and what? END
START in which publication does hawking say that any events that existed before the big bang would not be accessible to us? END
START what does hawking suggest started with the big bang? END
START hawking also states that questions about what happened before the big bang are what? END
START which philosopher has criticized hawking's formulation? END
START what does mortimer j. adler think time has a connection with? END
START what book was written by mortimer j. adler? END
START what does adler believe that questions about what happened before the big bang are? END
START who has been criticized by hawking for his stance on the big bang? END
START what kind of philosophy did steven hawking believe in? END
START what does stephen hawking make a connection between nothing and? END
START in which publication does hawking say that any events that existed before the big bang would be nothing? END
START which philosopher has praised hawkings formulation? END
START what did hawking say would not have an effect on the present time frame? END
START what did hawking say time ended with? END
START the big bang model is solidly established in what? END
START how much is known about the early states of the universe? END
START which theorems require the existence of a singularity at the beginning of time? END
START these theorems have to assume what theory is correct? END
START these theorems state that general relatively must break down before what? END
START what does the planck temperature require the existence of? END
START when does the planck temperature show a singularity existed? END
START what will happen to the idea of the planck temperature in the future? END
START what does the planck temperature assume is correct? END
START when must quantum gravity break down? END
START the penrose-hawking model is solidly established in what? END
START how much is known about the early states of singularity theorems? END
START which theorems require the existence of a singularity at the beginning of temperature? END
START these theorems have to assume what singularity is correct END
START these theorems state that a singularity must break down before what? END
START how long has time travel been a topic in science fiction? END
START traveling which direction in time has never been verified and presents many problems? END
START a time machine is known as any technological devise that is used for what purpose? END
START how long has space been a plot device in fiction? END
START what does the idea of traveling in space present? END
START what was space travel thought to be in the 19th century? END
START what did authors go beyond in the 19th century when writing fiction? END
START what are some devices thought to be when in the process of invention? END
START how long has time travel been a topic in theory? END
START traveling which direction in time has never been verified and presents earthbound problems? END
START a theoretic problem is known as any technological devise that is used for what purpose? END
START what was a plot device in the 18th century? END
START what does not persist in some way? END
START what is another solution to the problem of temporal paradoxes? END
START in several works of fiction, what ceases to exist in the past which causes paradoxes not to arise? END
START what paradox cannot be enacted because it is a fact that your grandfather was not killed before your parent was conceived? END
START what principle elaborates more on the view described? END
START what is a solution to the novikov self-consistency principle? END
START what can be changed by time travelers according to novikov? END
START what principle further elaborates on how fiction can change history? END
START what is the novikov self-consistency principle considered to be? END
START what paradox is formed when a person has free will? END
START what is another solution to the problem of hypothetical future? END
START in several works of fiction, what ceases to exist in the past which causes decisions not to arise? END
START what paradox cannot be enacted because it is a fact that your grandfather was not killed before your grandfather was conceived? END
START what principle elaborates less on the view described? END
START why can paradoxes arise? END
START what type of drugs can impair the judgement of time? END
START stimulants lead humans to overestimate what? END
START what causes humans to underestimate time intervals? END
START the level of what is the reason stimulants and depressants change human perceptions of time? END
START such chemicals do what to the firing of the brain's neurons? END
START what do rats not understand? END
START what does a decreased firing rate allow more of in the brain? END
START what does the presence of neurons impair the judgement of in rats? END
START what can neurons lead humans and rats to overestimate? END
START what causes rats to underestimate dopamine levels? END
START what type of drugs can impair the judgement of events? END
START stimulants lead humans to underestimate what? END
START what causes humans to estimate time intervals? END
START the level of what is the reason stimulants and depressants change human perceptions of neurons? END
START such events do what to the firing of the brain's neurons? END
START the use of time is important in understanding what? END
START what is a developing field of time related study? END
START time use is always changing with advances in what? END
START travelling to work has been observed to be about how long for a large number of cities over a long period? END
START the use of technology is important in understanding what? END
START what is a developing field of technology related study? END
START time use is always changing with long periods of what? END
START traveling home has been observed to be about how long for a large number of cities over a long period? END
START what changes with education? END
START what is another way of phrasing "time order"? END
START what never precedes cause because of causality? END
START in what ways can a sequence of events be presented? END
START what may the description of events include? END
START a sequence of events used to describe a sequential path can be referred to as what? END
START what is another way of phrasing "sequence of events"? END
START what never precedes cause because of timelines? END
START in what ways can a sequence of relationships be presented? END
START what may the description of relationships include? END
START what can a sequence of relationships used to describe a sequential path be referred to as? END
START uses of sequences of events include what? END
START what may a sequence of events be used to describe? END
START the use of what occurs in fields as diverse as machines, documentaries, or computer simulation? END
START what is a specific example of a sequence of events? END
START uses of sequences of order include what? END
START what may a sequence of order be used to describe? END
START the use of what occurs in history as diverse as machines, documentaries, or computer simulation? END
START what is a specific example of a sequence of history? END
START what may a sequence of history be focused on? END
START what former managing director od goldman sachs international division is president of the european central bank? END
START what is the official, central bank for the euro? END
START what is the eurozone? END
START who owns the capital stock of the european central bank? END
START what established the european central bank? END
START what former managing director of goldman sachs international division is no longer president of the european central bank? END
START what is the unofficial, central bank for the euro? END
START what is falsely considered the eurozone? END
START who owns none of the capital stock of the european central bank? END
START what destroyed the european central bank? END
START what is the main mission of the ecb? END
START what gives the ecb the right to authorise the issuance of euro banknotes? END
START how can a member state use euro coins? END
START where is the mission for the european central bank found? END
START where can the basic tasks of the european central bank be found? END
START what is the secondary mission of the ecb? END
START what restricts ecb the right to authorise the issuance of euro banknotes? END
START how can a member state avoid euro coins? END
START where is the mission for the european central bank banned? END
START where can the advanced tasks of the european central bank be found? END
START who was the first president of the ecb? END
START what was duisenberg's previous business experience? END
START who did the french government think was best candidate for president of the ecb? END
START why did the french want a french bank president? END
START what did the french, german, dutch and belgian governments finally compromise on with regards to managing the ecb? END
START who was the first president to be lost from the ecb? END
START what was duisenberg's criminal business experience? END
START who did the french government think was worst candidate for president of the ecb? END
START why did the french want a swiss bank president? END
START what did the french, german, dutch and belgian governments never compromise on with regards to managing the ecb? END
START what is price stability defined as? END
START what did the harmonised index of consumer prices state that price stability had to be maintained at? END
START when did the governing council define price stability? END
START what is the primary goal of the ecb? END
START where is the primary mission of the european central bank listed? END
START what is price stability incorrectly defined as? END
START what did the harmonised index of consumer prices state that price stability had to be decreased from? END
START when did the governing council forbid price stability? END
START what is the third goal of the ecb? END
START where is the secondary mission of the european central bank banned? END
START what happens when a lot of repo notes come due? END
START what happens whe not as many repo notes are coming due? END
START what happens when members increase their deposits? END
START what is a good way to boost the economy? END
START where are contracts recorded? END
START what happens when a lot of repo notes are past due? END
START what happens when members reject their deposits? END
START what is a good way to undermine the economy? END
START where are contracts hacked? END
START who never needs to borrow cash? END
START how does a bank make sure that they can participate in auctions? END
START what kind of proof is acceptable for participation in auctions? END
START what should all assets offered up as collateral be? END
START what must be a part of a states gross domestic product in order for them to be considered for particpation in auctions? END
START how does a bank make sure that they can't participate in auctions? END
START what kind of proof is unacceptable for participation in auctions? END
START what should no assets offered up as collateral be? END
START what must never be a part of a states gross domestic product in order for them to be considered for particpation in auctions? END
START who is responsible for overseeing all monetary policy? END
START who is the current president of the ecb? END
START who is the vice-president of the european central bank? END
START along with the president and vice president, how many other members make up the executive board? END
START for how long are the other members of the executive board appointed? END
START who is sabotaging all monetary policy? END
START who is the current emperor of the ecb? END
START who is the russian president of the european central bank? END
START how long are members of the executive board imprisoned? END
START how many other members are banned from the executive board along with the president and vice president? END
START who did the spanish want to take jos manuel gonzlez-pramo's seat on the board? END
START who was ulitmately named as gonzlez-pramo's replacement? END
START when was gonzlez-pramo's supposed to leave his seat on the board? END
START when did gonzlez-pramo take his seat on the executive board? END
START why did the spanish think that vicua would be a suitable replacement for gonzlez-pramo? END
START who did the french want to steal jos manuel gonzlez-pramo's seat on the board? END
START who was ulitmately named as gonzlez-pramo's assistant? END
START when was gonzlez-pramo's upgraded from his seat on the board? END
START when did gonzlez-pramo sabotage his seat on the executive board? END
START why did the spanish think that vicua would be an awful replacement for gonzlez-pramo? END
START what does the supervisory board discuss at it's meetings? END
START how long is the term for the chairman of the supervisory board? END
START how long is the term for vice-chair of the supervisory board? END
START besides the chair and vice-chair, who else is on the supervisory board? END
START what happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a member state is not a national central bank? END
START what does the supervisory board avoid doing at it's meetings? END
START how long is the prison term for the chairman of the supervisory board? END
START how long is the culinary term for vice-chair of the supervisory board? END
START who is restricted from being on the supervisory board? END
START what happens if the national supervisory authority designated by a member state is not a local bank? END
START what governs the ecb? END
START how does the ecb mimic a corporation? END
START how much does the ecb have as capital? END
START who holds the ecb's capital? END
START what determined the ecb's initial capital? END
START what undermines the ecb? END
START how does the ecb show differences from a corporation? END
START how much does the ecb lose as capital? END
START who steals the ecb's capital? END
START what decreased the ecb's initial capital? END
START what language does the ecb generally use? END
START when in communication with other nationalities, what language is generally used? END
START what language is the ecb website run in? END
START how are the languages of official documents handled? END
START what language does the ecb generally forbid? END
START when in communication with other nationalities, what language is never used? END
START what language is the ecb website banned in? END
START how are the languages of official documents avoided? END
START what is the biggest factor in the ecb maintaining price stability? END
START who gets to interview and question prospective board members? END
START why do eu institutions and national governments have to respect the independence of the ecb? END
START how is the ecb held accountable for it's actions? END
START who never gets to interview and question prospective board members? END
START why do eu institutions and national governments never respect the dependence of the ecb? END
START how is the ecb not held accountable for it's actions? END
START when did the european debt crisis begin? END
START what did the eurozone states that were thought to not be able to repay their debt face as a consequence? END
START which country was the first to be at risk for soverign default? END
START who brought greece's financial crisis to the forefront? END
START what had greece's previous government been hiding? END
START when did the european profit euphoria begin? END
START which country was the last to be at risk for sovereign default? END
START who ignored greece's financial crisis the most? END
START what had greece's previous government been showcasing? END
START what is never a shock in the eurozone? END
START which countries didn't want to go around the bail-out clause and have to shoulder the burden of backing the defaulters debts. END
START what do most see raising the debt celing as doing? END
START what could keep the crisis states from trying to stand on their own? END
START which countries wanted to go around the bail-out clause and have to shoulder the burden of backing the defaulters debts? END
START what could keep the crisis states independent? END
START what do most see lowering the debt celing as doing? END
START what contracts do not contain a no-bailout clause? END
START what term was coined when greece left the eurozone? END
START what is germany's position on wether or not greece should be in the eurozone? END
START as one of the financial powers, has germany ever tried to force the crisis states into leaving the eurozone? END
START which eurozone country has the biggest need for financial reform? END
START what term was forbidden when greece left the eurozone? END
START what is spain's position on whether or not greece should be outside the eurozone? END
START which eurozone country has the smallest need for financial reform? END
START what country is least financially stable? END
START what would cause the private banking system to weaken? END
START who purchases the debt of countries that cannot repay and are in danger of default? END
START what happens when the private banking system is weakened? END
START what is to be used to guarantee the debtors repayment, by the banks assuming their debt? END
START is using the tax revenues and credit of the more stable banks to bail out the ones in danger of default an accepted practice? END
START what would cause the private banking system to strengthen? END
START who steals the debt of countries that cannot repay and are in danger of default? END
START what happens when the private banking system is gone? END
START what is never to be used to guarantee the debtors repayment, by the banks assuming their debt? END
START why is using the tax revenues and credit of the more stable banks to bail out the ones in danger of default an accepted practice? END
START who retains ownership of the collateral until the debt is paid? END
START since the ecb doesn't buy bonds outright, how are they used? END
START what is the manner in which bonds are used at refinancing facilities? END
START who buys the bonds instead of using them in reverse transactions? END
START who loses ownership of the collateral until the debt is paid? END
START what is the manner in which bonds are lost at refinancing facilities? END
START who steals the bonds instead of using them in reverse transactions? END
START who always buys bonds outright? END
START what debt did the ecb focus on abtaining? END
START what risk is assumed when the ecb purchases bonds from weaker states? END
START why were italian bonds purchased by the ecb? END
START what was something used to minimize the impact of the soverign-debt crisis? END
START what debt did the ecb forgive? END
START what risk is mitigated when the ecb purchases bonds from weaker states? END
START why were italian bonds lost by the ecb? END
START what was something used to maximize the impact of the soverign-debt crisis? END
START how does sterilisation help to keep the money flow even? END
START what can a state do with bad assets, rather than cashing them in directly? END
START how can weaker states improve the surface value of their assets? END
START how does sterilisation help to keep the money flow uneven? END
START what can a state do with good assets, rather than cashing them in directly? END
START how can weaker states destroy the surface value of their assets? END
START what kinds of techniques can never reduce the impact of purchases on a currency? END
START by 2012, how much did the ecb spend in covering bad debt? END
START how does the ecb plan to increase the available credit for businesses? END
START what is the duration of the outright monetary transactions program? END
START when was the new idea for the purchasing of eurozone bonds announced? END
START how long was the duration of the securities markets programme to last? END
START wow much did the ecb steal in order to cover bad debt? END
START how does the ecb plan to decrease the available credit for businesses? END
START what is the rejected duration of the outright monetary transactions program? END
START when was the new idea for the purchasing of eurozone bonds declined? END
START how long was the duration of the securities markets programme that never happened? END
START what can be shuffeled around during a soverign debt crisis to mitigate the damage? END
START where do bad and weak assets get moved in times of soverign debt crisis? END
START what is shuffling around bad or weak debts from a weaker eurozone member to the ecb known as? END
START what is monetisation usually viewed as? END
START if the central banks can come to an agreement with the eurozone member about the continued repayment of the debt, what happens to the bad or weak debt? END
START what can never be shuffled around during a sovereign debt crisis to mitigate the damage? END
START where do bad and weak assets become restricted in times of sovereign debt crisis? END
START what is shuffling around good or strong debts from a weaker eurozone member to the ecb known as? END
START what is monetisation rarely viewed as? END
START what is being caused by links between soverign debt and failing national banks? END
START which country has been resistant to attempts to make the soverign debt assets more like the u.s. treasury? END
START who began to increase their coverage of weaker debts? END
START what would have to happen to make european sovereign debt assets more like what is found in the u.s. treasury? END
START why did propsals about making the european sovereign debt assets more like the us treasury? END
START what is being avoided by links between sovereign debt and failing national banks? END
START which country has supported attempts to make the sovereign debt assets more like the u.s. treasury? END
START who began to decrease their coverage of weaker debts? END
START what would have to happen to make european sovereign debt assets less like what is found in the u.s. treasury? END
START what did the ecb do to help stabilise the financial system during the subprime mortgage crisis? END
START why did the ecb intervene during the subprime mortgage crisis? END
START who decided, along with the ecb, to use term auction to help stabilize the financial crisis and improve dollar liquidity? END
START besides cooperating with other financial institutions, how does the ecb help to maintain stability? END
START when did the ecb and federal rserve decide to collaborate on term auction facility? END
START what did the ecb avoid to help stabilize the financial system during the subprime mortgage crisis? END
START why did the ecb not intervene during the subprime mortgage crisis? END
START who rejected, along with the ecb, to use term auction to help stabilize the financial crisis and improve dollar liquidity? END
START when did the ecb and federal reserve decide to separate on term auction facility? END
START how does the ecb help to destroy stability? END
START what is a perk of the central bank? END
START what kinds of assets does the us federal reserve buy? END
START what kind of asset will the federal reserve purchase in mass quantities at a time of crisis? END
START what is the purpose of buying commercial paper in a time of financial crisis? END
START what is a disadvantage of the central bank? END
START what kinds of assets does the us federal reserve ban? END
START what kind of asset will the federal reserve sell in small quantities at a time of crisis? END
START what is the purpose of selling commercial paper in a time of financial crisis? END
START which agencies have became the authority on assessing the risk of financial institutions? END
START when was basel ii adopted? END
START what said that agencies had to start using moody's and s&p to assess financial institutions? END
START since when have the basel ii recommendations been in effect? END
START which agencies have lost their authority on assessing the risk of financial institutions? END
START when was basel ii rejected? END
START what said that agencies had no option for using moody's and s&p to assess financial institutions? END
START when did the basel ii recommendations lose effect? END
START where is the european central bank located? END
START what decided where the bank was to be located? END
START when did the bank move to it's new headquarters? END
START what previously stood where the bank is now? END
START when did construction of the new bank begin? END
START where is the european central bank unknown? END
START what decided where the bank was to be bombed? END
START when did the bank close the new headquarters? END
START what never stood where the bank is now? END
START when did construction of the new bank stop before completion? END
START after the loan program was announced, which countries borrowed the most? END
START what would happen if some of the banks were to begin buying govenrment bonds? END
START how much does the ecb have to have to pay off it's own debts? END
START how do you prevent a credit bottleneck? END
START which countries borrowed the least after the loan program was announced? END
START what would happen if some of the banks were to forbid buying government bonds? END
START how much does the ecb need to lose in order to pay off it's own debts? END
START how do you cause a credit bottleneck? END
START what is an ltro? END
START how long was the time to maturity on an ltro? END
START when were the first supplemental ltro's offered? END
START how long had the time to maturity been previously? END
START how many bids were recorded at the auction for the first 12 month lrto? END
START what is an ltro formerly known as? END
START how long was the time to apply for an ltro? END
START when were the worst supplemental ltro's offered? END
START how long had the time to maturity been banned? END
START how many bids were ignored at the auction for the first 12 month lrto? END
START in what country is st. john's located? END
START what is the name of the island that st. john's is located? END
START what city is ranked 20th in largest metropolitan area for canada? END
START where on the avalon peninsula is st. john's located? END
START in what year did st. john's have a population of 214,285? END
START what is the largest city in canada? END
START what canadian city was incorporated in the 18th century? END
START what is the oldest english city in the america's. END
START st john's is the largest what in atlantic canada? END
START where did john cabot sail to in the 14th century? END
START which city is considered one of the oldest settlements in north america? END
START around what year did settlement begin to occur in st. john's? END
START when was cuper's cove colony founded? END
START  what year was bristol's hope colony founded? END
START who forbade the  english fisherman to setup seasonal camps in newfoundland? END
START what is the oldest settlement in the america's? END
START what type of settlement began in the 16th century? END
START what is one of the colonies besides st john's established in the 16th century? END
START where were fishermen encouraged to set up permanet settlements? END
START what was john cabot's sons first name? END
START what was the occupation of john cabot? END
START where did the french, spanish and portuguese start to travel to fish yearly in 1540? END
START where is the bay of pasaia located? END
START in what language did sebastian cabot write his map from 1545? END
START what did sebastian cabot write on in the 15th century? END
START who claimed st john's was named after his father? END
START who did british and french historians claim sailed into st john's harbor in 1494? END
START who claimed to have sailed into st john's harbor in 1497 with their father? END
START who was crossing the atlantic annually by the 15th century? END
START what year did john rut visit st. john's? END
START who sent the first known letter from north america? END
START what three countries ships did john rut find in 1527? END
START who did john rut write a letter to in 1527? END
START what did pedro reinel call st john's in the 15th century? END
START what did pedro reinal find in the harbor in 1527? END
START what king did reinel write to in 1527? END
START what is the oldest street in the america's? END
START how was st. john's refereed to on nicholas desliens atlas? END
START who referred st. john's as st. "the principal prime and chief lot in all the whole country" ?  END
START when did censuses start being conducted in st. john's? END
START when did irish men begin to operate inshore fishing boats in st. john's? END
START what grew during the summers in st. john's? END
START who controlled most of newfoundland's east coast by 1620? END
START who controlled the east coast of newfoundland in the 16th century? END
START what did william payne call st. johns in the 16th century? END
START what grew slowly in the 1700's? END
START who started taking censuses in the 16th century? END
START what caused the population to decrease in the summer? END
START who briefly seized st. john's in 1665? END
START in what year did the dutch attack st. john for a second time? END
START how many men defended the attack from the dutch in 1673? END
START who destroyed fort william in 1696? END
START how many dutch warships were fended of by christopher martin in 1673? END
START what admiral seized st. johns in the 16th century? END
START who defended st. johns from a second dutch attack in the 16th century? END
START how many men were with martin when he defeated the dutch merchant ships? END
START when did the dutch plan to expand st. johns fortifications? END
START who reduced st. johns to rubble in the 16th century? END
START who flew the first non-stop transatlantic aircraft flight? END
START what aircraft did alcock and brown use in 1919 for their flight?  END
START where in st. john's did alcock and brown depart from in june 1919? END
START who duplicated alcock and brown flight in 2005? END
START what aircraft did steve fossett use for his flight in july 2005? END
START what was the end point for the first transatlantic aircraft flight? END
START who ended their flight at lester's field in st john's in june of 1919? END
START what did alcock and brown fly across the atlantic in during their 19th century flight? END
START who replicated alcock and browns flight in the 20th century? END
START when did the northern cod fishery collapse? END
START what led to an economic boom in st. john's? END
START for how long did the northern cod fishery provide a stable economy for st. john's? END
START how long did unemployment rates and depopulation suffer in st. john's? END
START what industry caused st. john's economy to boom in the 1990's? END
START what industry collapsed affecting the local economy for hundreds of years? END
START what has caused st. johns to fall behind the rest of the province in economic output? END
START near what body of water is st. john's located by? END
START how many square miles is st. john's? END
START in what providence is edmonton located? END
START what is the largest atlantic province city? END
START st. johns is in the northeast of what province? END
START what is the most easterly city in the americas? END
START what city is london, england closer to than st. johns? END
START what french city is 3,636 miles from st. johns? END
START how is the climate in st. john's? END
START in which province is kelowna located? END
START which canadian city is the most rainiest? END
START what body of water is to the east of st. john? END
START from where do tropical storms travel from to st. john's? END
START what is the rainiest city in canada? END
START what causes st. johns to be the rainiest city in canada? END
START what travels to st. johns atlantic coast from the east? END
START what is the foggiest canadian city? END
START what is the average wind speed in miles per hour for st. john's? END
START what canadian city has the mildest winter temperature? END
START what is the driest season on average in st. john's? END
START what is another word for freezing rain? END
START what city is the cloudiest, foggiest, and windiest in north america? END
START what city has the mildest winter in canada? END
START how much rain does st. john's get in december? END
START what paralyzed the province in april 1984? END
START what are wharves in st. john's constructed out of? END
START in what year was the great fire? END
START what was the most affected area of the great fire of 1892? END
START what started as fishing outpost for settlers? END
START what destroyed the city in the 18th century? END
START what type of buildings date to the industrial revolution? END
START what us city is st. john's often compared to? END
START what does the city council have restrictions on in downtown? END
START what have the restrictions on the height of buildings caused over the years? END
START what is the city lacking because of the height restrictions? END
START what does the provincial government put restrictions on? END
START what regulations are widely embraced in the city? END
START what kind of development is encouraged by the heritage regulations? END
START what was amended to provide more office space in downtown? END
START what height was the original restriction in downtown for ? END
START how tall was the first office building to be approved in the on water street between bishop's cove and steer's cove? END
START what kind of space is abundant downtown? END
START who decreased height restrictions from 15 meters to 12 meters? END
START what was the first 12 meter building to go into the area? END
START in what year where there 100,646 inhabitants in st. john's? END
START how many communities does the cma include? END
START what was the population of the cma in 2010? END
START what is newfoundland and labrador's largest city? END
START in what year did the st. johns cma have 100,646 inhabitants? END
START what is canada's largest city? END
START what nearby towns are not included in st. johns cma? END
START what is the largest religion in st. john's? END
START what has declined in the recent years on st. john's? END
START what sects declined from 2001-2011? END
START what two religions divide the city? END
START in what year did christian sects increase? END
START what is supported by the federal, provincial and municipal governments? END
START who is the largest employer in the city? END
START who is the second largest employer in the city? END
START what years did the fishing industry fall in newfoundland and labrador? END
START what year is hebron projected to start producing oil in st. john's? END
START what ocean industry has been key in stabilizing the economy? END
START in what years did the fishing industry experience a boom? END
START when is white rose expected to be producing oil? END
START who is the largest employer in the province? END
START what has been growing in the recent years? END
START when did the unemployment rate fall to 5.6 per cent? END
START what was the city's unemployment rate in may 2011? END
START what is the city's per capita gdp? END
START who said the metro area has the leading gdp? END
START when did the unemployment rate rise to 5.6% END
START what is the provinces gdp? END
START where is the resource centre for the arts? END
START how many seats does the st. john's arts and culture theatre have? END
START where in the city is the lspu hall? END
START where is rick mercer from? END
START what hall is located in the resource centre for the arts? END
START what artist support the resource centre for the arts? END
START what other entertainment buildings can be found in the city? END
START where is pippy park located in the city? END
START about how many acres is pippy park? END
START how many golf courses does pippy park have? END
START what other trail besides walking trails does pippy park have? END
START where is the fluvarium located? END
START what park is located in on the west side of the park? END
START what is canada's largest park? END
START what part of the city is bannerman park located by? END
START what year was bannerman park opened? END
START who was the governor of the colony of newfoundland in 1891? END
START where does the tely 10 mile road race end? END
START who donated land to create a victorian-style park in 1891? END
START what modern park is located downtown? END
START what park was opened in the 18th century? END
START who opened bannerman park in the 18th century? END
START who was governor of the colony i the 18th century? END
START what city does signal hill overlook? END
START where exactly is cabot tower located in st. john' ? END
START what year was cabot tower built? END
START in what year was queen victoria's diamond jubilee? END
START  who recieved the first transatlantic wireless transmission? END
START what hill is st. john's located on? END
START what tower was built in the late 18th century? END
START what two events were celebrated in the late 18th century? END
START who received the first transatlantic wireless transmission in the early 19th century? END
START where do the rock play their home games at? END
START who won the the rugby canada super league championship in 2005? END
START in what country was the 2007 rugby world cup finals? END
START in what year did canada beat usa 567 in a rugby world cup qualifying match? END
START in what year did france host the rugby world cup finals? END
START what did the rock loose in 2005? END
START who hosted the qualifying match between canada and europe? END
START what finals were held in st. johns in 2007? END
START what was canada's  tenth province? END
START in what year did newfoundland become a province? END
START what is the capital of newfoundland and labrador? END
START where is the house of assembly? END
START who has been the leader of the ndp since 2006? END
START what province joined canada in the mid 19th century? END
START what city became the capital of newfoundland when it joined canada? END
START who is represented by 4 mhas? END
START who lead the ndp until 2006? END
START by how much did crime in st. john's increase in 2009? END
START what city had the seventh-highest metropolitan crime index in 2010? END
START how much did crime in the country drop in 2009? END
START where has crime been decreasing lately? END
START what decreased by 4% in st. john's? END
START what decreased by 1% in the city? END
START how far is st. john's international airport from the downtown core? END
START about how many passengers travelled through st. john's international airport in 2011? END
START what is the airport code for st. john's international airport? END
START what airport is approximately 10 minutes northwest of the downtown core? END
START what airport is located downtown? END
START what is the 2nd busiest airport in canada? END
START where is the eastern terminus of the trans-canada highway? END
START outer ring road is a another name for what? END
START what does the divided highway provide? END
START what is the longest national highway in the world? END
START what runs through the main part of the city? END
START how many routes does the metrobus have? END
START how many buses does the region have for public transit? END
START how many hospitals does the city have? END
START who is responsible for public transit in the region? END
START what transit has 53 routes? END
START what transit has 19 buses? END
START who provides service to the cities only hospital? END
START how many private schools are in st. john's? END
START how many primary schools are in st. john's? END
START how many private schools are in the francophone public school district? END
START what school offers the lowest tuition in canada? END
START what is the tuition per academic year at memorial university of newfoundland? END
START what is the largest school district in canada? END
START how many primary schools does the district have? END
START what private schools are in the eastern school district? END
START where does rogers cable has its provincial headquarters? END
START what is the name of cbc's television station in st. john's? END
START what channel in st. john's airs out of the fog? END
START where does cbnt-dt broadcast from? END
START what public radio station serves the city? END
START who airs national shows? END
START how many radio station does the city have? END
START how many french-language stations does the city have? END
START when did the province join the canadian confederation? END
START what city has 15 am stations END
START what public station went on air in 1949? END
