START what did whitehead first study? END
START what was whitehead's second area of study? END
START what was whitehead's final area of study? END
START what type of system did he develop? END
START what did whitehead argue reality consists of? END
START during which decade did whitehead's focus start shifting away from mathematics? END
START after moving away from mathematics, what subjects did whitehead explore? END
START as opposed to physical objects, what did whitehead believe reality is composed of? END
START what was the predominant theory of reality that whitehead opposed? END
START what book of whitehead's is now considered a primary source of process philosophy? END
START during which decade did whitehead's focus start shifting away from science? END
START  as opposed to physical objects, what did whitehead believe nonreality is composed of? END
START what song of whitehead's is now considered a primary source of process philosophy? END
START  after moving away from mathematics, what subjects did whitehead reject? END
START what was the predominant theory of reality that whitehead agreed with? END
START where was alfred north whitehead born?  END
START what year was whitehead born? END
START what was whitehead's father's profession? END
START what was whitehead's mother's name? END
START what was whitehead's wife's name? END
START where was alfred north whitehead born? END
START in what year was whitehead born? END
START who founded chatham house academy? END
START what was whitehead's father's profession? END
START who was whitehead's mother? END
START where was alfred west whitehead born? END
START what happened in 1864? END
START  who destroyed chatham house academy? END
START  what was whitehead's father's hobbies? END
START  who was whitehead's aunt? END
START when did whitehead accept administrative positions? END
START where did whitehead accept administrative positions? END
START what was he elected at the university of london? END
START when did whitehead go to america? END
START in which educational system was whitehead employed in the late 1910s? END
START what was whitehead's title at the university of london in late 1918? END
START what was whitehead's last position before he traveled to america? END
START in which year did whitehead relocate to america? END
START what degree program did whitehead contribute to establishing at university of london? END
START in which year did whitehead relocate to africa? END
START what degree program did whitehead contribute to unestablishing at university of london? END
START what was whitehead's title at the university of france in late 1918? END
START  what was whitehead's last position before he traveled to africa? END
START how many volumes is the biography of whitehead? END
START who wrote the biography of whitehead? END
START what was whitehead's wish upon his death for his family? END
START what did whitehead believe in so profusely that it was difficult to write a biography on him? END
START who authored whitehead's biography that is considered to be the most reliable description of whitehead's life? END
START why was no nachlass left behind after whitehead's death? END
START what was whitehead's opinion on privacy? END
START what did the author of whitehead's biography comment on the first page regarding the difficulty of obtaining information about whitehead? END
START who authored whitehead's biography that is considered to be the least reliable description of whitehead's life? END
START  why was every nachlass left behind after whitehead's death? END
START  what was whitehead's opinion on public matters? END
START what did the author of whitehead's biography comment on the first page regarding the ease of obtaining information about whitehead? END
START  how many pages is the biography of whitehead? END
START what did whitehead publish numerous articles about? END
START how many books on mathematics did whitehead write? END
START who co-wrote principia mathematica with whitehead? END
START which of whitehead's books is known as one of the most important works in mathematical logical? END
START when did whitehead write his first book?  END
START what was whitehead's first published book on mathematics? END
START with what mathematician and philosopher did whitehead collaborate to write principia mathematica? END
START who was the intended audience of whitehead's first two mathematics books? END
START what was whitehead's final book on mathematics? END
START what is the significance of principia mathematica currently? END
START  what was whitehead's first unpublished book on mathematics? END
START with what mathematician and philosopher did whitehead reject to write principia mathematica? END
START  what was whitehead's last unpublished book on mathematics? END
START  what is the insignificance of principia mathematica currently? END
START who was the intended audience of whitehead's last mathematics books? END
START lie algebras and hypobolic quanternions drew attention to the need for what? END
START what did reviewer gb mathews say algebraic structures possessed?  END
START reviewer alexander macfarlane believed that the main idea of the work is a comparative study of what? END
START what did lie algebras and hyperbolic quaternions demonstrate a need for? END
START how did alexander macfarlane summarize the relationship between different methods in "a treatise on algebra" in his review? END
START what was g.b. matthew's opinion of "a treatise on algebra"? END
START how did alexander macfarlane summarize the relationship between similar methods in "a treatise on algebra" in his review? END
START  what wasnt' g.b. matthew's opinion of "a treatise on algebra"? END
START what did lie algebras and hyperbolic quaternions not demonstrate a need for? END
START lie algebras and hypobolic quanternions drew attention to the lack of need for what? END
START what did reviewer gb mathews say algebraic structures did not possess? END
START how long did whitehead and russell think it would take them to complete principia mathematica? END
START how long did it actually take whitehead and russell to complete principia mathematica? END
START how many volumes was principia mathematica? END
START how many pages was principia mathematica? END
START who paid to publish principia mathematica? END
START how long did whitehead and russell expect to spend creating principia mathematica? END
START how long did it actually take to complete principia mathematica?  END
START why was there a funding shortfall for the publishing of princpia mathematica?  END
START who supplied the funding to cover the shortfall? END
START how prevalent is principia mathematica today? END
START how long did whitehead and russell not expect to spend creating principia mathematica? END
START why was there a funding burst for the publishing of princpia mathematica? END
START  who didn't supply the funding to cover the shortfall? END
START  how prevalent is principia mathematica when it came out? END
START when was kurt godel's incompleteness theorem? END
START what did kurt godel's theorem demonstrate about axioms and the inference rules? END
START godel couldn't have come to his conclusion without what book? END
START besides logic and epistemology, what else did principia mathematica connect? END
START what is the general consensus of the axioms and inference rules declared in principia mathematica?  END
START who discovered the incompleteness theorem of 1931? END
START what did the incompleteness theorem of 1931 indicate regarding principia mathematica? END
START why was gödels finding ironic? END
START despite its imperfection, what are now considered valuable achievements of principia mathematica? END
START what is the general consensus of the axioms and inference rules not declared in principia mathematica? END
START  who discovered the incompleteness theorem of 1961? END
START what did the incompleteness theorem of 1955 indicate regarding principia mathematica? END
START what year was the aims of education and other essays published? END
START what was the aims of education and other essays comprised of? END
START what teaching did whitehead caution against teaching? END
START when was "the aims of education and other essays" published? END
START during what periods of time were the essays and address contained in "the aims of education and other essays" composed? END
START what is the origin of the title of the book? END
START how did whitehead define "inert ideas"? END
START what was whitehead's criticism of the use of inert ideas in education? END
START when was "the aims of deeducation and other essays" published? END
START during what periods of time were the essays and address contained in "the aims of education and other essays" destroyed? END
START  what is the origin of the title of the song? END
START  how didn't whitehead define "inert ideas"? END
START what was whitehead's criticism of the use of inert ideas in noneducation? END
START whitehead's education style was to teach what? END
START what should whitehead's students organically link due to his teaching methods? END
START whitehead believed education should be the opposite of what? END
START what did whitehead believe regarding the variety of subjects in education? END
START how did whitehead propose that students would expand their knowledge beyond the subjects taught in school? END
START what was whitehead's general opinion of what the school model should be? END
START what was whitehead's opinion on the inclusion of values and general principles in education? END
START how did whitehead reject that students would expand their knowledge beyond the subjects taught in school? END
START what was whitehead's opinion on the inclusion of values and general principles in noneducation? END
START what did whitehead believe regarding the lack of variety of subjects in education? END
START what was whitehead's general opinion of what the school model shouldn't be? END
START what is the highest whitehead was trained in philosophy?  END
START what did whitehead consider himself as a philosopher?  END
START what is the relationship between whitehead and russell? END
START what was whitehead considered as a metaphysician? END
START what was the extent of whitehead's education in philosophy? END
START with what friend and former student did whitehead correspond regarding the goals of science? END
START what was whitehead's opinion of his own knowledge of metaphysics in that correspondence? END
START how did whitehead eventually become regarded in the field of metaphysics? END
START what was the extent of whitehead's noneducation in philosophy? END
START with what friend and former student did whitehead not correspond regarding the goals of science? END
START what wasn't whitehead's opinion of his own knowledge of metaphysics in that correspondence? END
START how did whitehead eventually become regarded in the field of science? END
START what do philosophers do, in whitehead's view? END
START assumptions of how the universe works are difficult to see precisely because of what? END
START what did whitehead ask people to reimagine in order for philosophy to make progress? END
START what did whitehead regard as essential to good science and good philosophy? END
START what quotation of whitehead's was noted by a student in 1927? END
START what was whitehead's opinion of basic assumptions in metaphysics? END
START what did whitehead feel was necessary regarding basic assumptions in metaphysics? END
START what was whitehead's opinion of metaphysical investigations? END
START  what quotation of whitehead's was noted by a student in 1977? END
START what did whitehead feel was necessary regarding complex assumptions in metaphysics? END
START  what was whitehead's opinion of nonmetaphysical investigations? END
START what idea states that reality is fundamentally constructed of bits of matter? END
START whitehead rejected the cartesian idea in favor of what? END
START whitehead believed instead of matter existing independently of each other, it did what? END
START whitehead believed that reality should be regarded as what? END
START whitehead's system as "philosophy of organism" became widely known as what term? END
START what cartesian concept did whitehead believe to be erroneous? END
START what theory did whitehead prefer to the cartesian concept? END
START how did whitehead define "experience"? END
START how did descartes' distinguish types of existence? END
START how did whitehead identify his system of metaphysics? END
START what cartesian concept did whitehead believe to be correct? END
START  what theory did whitehead not prefer to the cartesian concept? END
START  how did whitehead define "inexperience"? END
START  how did whitehead identify his system of math? END
START in all of the western canon, what is whitehead's work considered? END
START who also struggled to follow whitehead's writings? END
START when did whitehead delivery the gifford lectures? END
START following arthur eddington's lectures, what did whitehead  publish? END
START what is the general opinion of the difficulty level of whitehead's work in philosophy? END
START what lectures did whitehead present in 1927-28? END
START under what name were those lectures later published? END
START what is the general opinion of the difficulty level of whitehead's work in math? END
START  what lectures did whitehead not present in 1927-28? END
START  under what name were those lectures first published? END
START in all of the western canon, what is whitehead's work never considered? END
START who was frustrated in whitehead's books but still interested? END
START what school recognized the importance of whitehead's work? END
START who was invited to the chicago divinity school as one of whitehead's only experts? END
START when was henry nelson wieman invited to the chicago divinity school? END
START what happened after henry nelson wieman gave a lecture about whitehead? END
START what affect did matthews' opinion of the difficulty of whitehead's works have on his interest in them? END
START how did many philosophers and theologians at chicago's divinity school view whitehead's work? END
START what expert on whitehead delivered a lecture at the school to explain whitehead's ideas? END
START what was the result of that lecture? END
START what affect did matthews' opinion of the ease of whitehead's works have on his interest in them? END
START how did many philosophers and theologians at illinois divinity school view whitehead's work? END
START what expert on whitehead delivered a lecture at the school to reject whitehead's ideas? END
START  who was amused in whitehead's books but still interested? END
START which publication is considered the most impressive metaphysical text? END
START who thought process and reality was little-read because the reader has to separate them from normal thought? END
START what philosophy in the west was challenged by whitehead? END
START what was whitehead's philosophy able to anticipate for the 21st century? END
START what was the outcome of anticipating the scientific and philosophical problems whitehead proposed? END
START how has "process and reality" been described?  END
START what did isabelle stengers say is the reason that "process and reality" is not commonly read and understood? END
START what effect did whitehead have on the future of metaphysics? END
START how has "process and reality" been rejected? END
START what did isabelle stengers say is the reason that "process and reality" is commonly read and understood? END
START  what effect did whitehead have on the past of metaphysics? END
START which publication is considered the least impressive metaphysical text? END
START concepts such as quality, matter, and form fail to account for what? END
START what concepts overlook the experiential nature of basic elements? END
START what are the concepts quality, matter, and form considered? END
START instead of being a single person, what does whitehead view a person as? END
START what does whitehead call experiences that are progressively connected? END
START what basic concepts did whitehead believe were questionable? END
START why did he believe those concepts were inaccurate? END
START how did whitehead classify what is usually seen as an individual person? END
START how did whitehead refer to the combination of a person's separate experiences? END
START how did whitehead define the "fallacy of misplaced concreteness"? END
START  what basic concepts did whitehead believe were not questionable? END
START  why did he believe those concepts were accurate? END
START how did whitehead refer to the combination of a person's not separate experiences? END
START how did whitehead classify what is usually seen as a nonindividual person? END
START  how did whitehead define the "fallacy of well placed concreteness"? END
START the idea that people are unchanging and stay the same even through changes is considered what? END
START in whitehead's cosmology, what are the only things that fundamentally exist? END
START where do occasions of experience overlap? END
START in whitehead's view, identities do not define people, but what? END
START instead of having an enduring essence, what does whitehead believe? END
START regarding the idea that individuals or objects don't fundamentally change, what terms can be used to describe what an object or individual actually is? END
START in that line of thinking, how are changes described? END
START what did whitehead believe were essentially the only things that truly exist? END
START regarding the idea that individuals or objects fundamentally change, what terms can be used to describe what an object or individual actually is? END
START  in that line of thinking, how are changes never described? END
START what did whitehead believe were not essentially the only things that truly exist? END
START the idea that people are changing and stay the same even through changes is considered what? END
START in whitehead's cosmology, what are the only things that fundamentally dont exist? END
START what did whitehead believe was a culprit in maintaining a materialistic way of thinking? END
START why couldn't each moment of each person's life be given a different proper name? END
START whitehead's main philosophy on humans changing is what? END
START what did whitehead believe was one of the biggest reasons materialistic thinking endured? END
START why did whitehead think people continued to subscribe to materialistic thinking? END
START what did whitehead believe regarding factors that limit people's understanding of his concepts? END
START what did whitehead state about the belief that a person is exactly the same from moment to moment? END
START why did whitehead think people continued to subscribe to nonmaterialistic thinking? END
START what did whitehead believe regarding factors that don't limit people's understanding of his concepts? END
START what did whitehead believe was one of the biggest reasons materialistic thinking did not endure? END
START what obscures the importance of relations according to whitehead? END
START what does materialism see each object as? END
START how is each object related to other things? END
START what is another issue that whitehead had with materialism? END
START what is the general materialistic view of an object? END
START how the fundamental concept of matter influence people to view objects? END
START what is whitehead's belief regarding the importance of relations? END
START what is the materialistic view of matter in relation to other objects? END
START how the fundamental concept of matter influence people to not view objects? END
START  what is another issue that whitehead had without materialism? END
START  what is the general non-materialistic view of an object? END
START  what is whitehead's non-belief regarding the importance of relations? END
START what is the materialistic view of matter in relation to no ohter objects? END
START whitehead believes any entity is in some sense what? END
START if an object made no difference to any other entity, what could be said about it? END
START if relations are not secondary to what a thing is, what is it? END
START what makes up the sum of relations to an entity? END
START a real object forces the universe to do what? END
START how does whitehead characterize anything that exists? END
START how does he describe what makes something real? END
START in whitehead's thinking, what could be said about something that has no effect on any other person or object? END
START what did whitehead believe about the concept of relations in the context of defining an entity? END
START how does whitehead not characterize anything that exists? END
START  how does he describe what makes something fake? END
START in whitehead's thinking, what could be said about something that has a lot of effect on any other person or object? END
START what did whitehead believe about the concept of relations in the context of not defining an entity? END
START an entity is a sum of relations, a valuation of them and what else? END
START most entities do not have what? END
START all entities, being unable to predict behavior, are because of what? END
START not being able to predict what any entity is going to do is what principle b whitehead? END
START other than the combination of its relations, what else defines an entity? END
START what did whitehead believe regarding creativity? END
START what did whitehead believe about an entity's relation to other entities? END
START other than the combination of its relations, what else does not define an entity? END
START what did whitehead believe regarding non-creativity? END
START  an entity is not a sum of relations, a valuation of them and what else? END
START what term did whitehead describe that perception is not limited to the living? END
START what language does the term "prehensio" come from? END
START what does the word "prehensio" translate into? END
START what entities does the term prehension apply to? END
START how many modes does perception occur in according to whitehead? END
START what is the origin of the word "prehension"? END
START what is prehension used to define? END
START what is a basic description of the theory of representative perception? END
START what does the term "prehension" signify regarding an entities perceptions and relations? END
START what did whitehead state are the two types of perception? END
START what does the term "prehension" signify regarding an entities nonperceptions and nonrelations? END
START what is a basic description of the theory of non-representative perception? END
START  what is not the origin of the word "prehension"? END
START what is prehension used to not define? END
START what is the term for the experience dominating primitive organisms that have a sense for fate? END
START what is the other term for "pure sense perception"? END
START what is it called if you mistake a reflection in a mirror for the real thing? END
START how does whitehead define causal efficacy? END
START how do the senses affect causal efficacy? END
START how does whitehead define presentational immediacy? END
START what can be said about the accuracy of presentational immediacy? END
START what can be said about the inaccuracy of presentational immediacy? END
START  how does whitehead define noncausal efficacy? END
START  how do the senses affect non-causal efficacy? END
START  how does whitehead define unpresentational immediacy? END
START what is whitehead's term for the two modes of perceptions combining? END
START what does symbolic reference link appearance with? END
START what dominates more basic mentality in symbolic reference? END
START what does having sense perceptions conclude about a person? END
START what is the purpose of symbolic reference? END
START how does whitehead describe the process of a typical person noticing a chair? END
START how might an artist view a chair differently than a typical person? END
START how does whitehead say a dog may interpret the presence of a chair? END
START which concept does whitehead state is more dominant in a lower mentality? END
START how does whitehead describe the process of an atypical person noticing a chair? END
START  how might an artist view a chair the same as a typical person? END
START  how does whitehead say a dog may not interpret the presence of a chair? END
START which concept does whitehead state is less dominant in a lower mentality? END
START whitehead observes that life is deficient in what? END
START what are higher life forms actively engaged in? END
START how many goals of living is there? END
START whitehead sees life as directed towards what purpose? END
START without whitehead's proposed purpose, life would be what? END
START what observation did whitehead make about life? END
START what was whitehead's response to questions about why complex life evolved? END
START what did whitehead state was the biggest indicator of a higher form of life? END
START what did whitehead believe are the goals f life? END
START what did whitehead believe was the fundamental purpose of life? END
START what did whitehead believe are not the goals of life? END
START  whitehead observes that life is never deficient in what? END
START  what are higher life forms never actively engaged in? END
START  whitehead sees life as directed away from what purpose? END
START what is whitehead's most well-known critical statement regarding the christian notion of god? END
START what qualities dis whitehead state that christians attributed to their version of god? END
START what was whitehead's description of god? END
START what was whitehead's description of the devil? END
START what is whitehead's least well-known critical statement regarding the christian notion of god? END
START  what qualities dis whitehead not state that christians attributed to their version of god? END
START what was whitehead's belief about god in relation to religion? END
START why did whitehead view the existence of god as a necessity for his metaphysical system? END
START in what did whitehead believe that those concepts existed? END
START what did whitehead view as the second nature of god? END
START what type of god did whitehead believe existed? END
START what was whitehead's belief about god in relation to nonreligion? END
START  what did whitehead view as the first nature of god? END
START  what type of god did whitehead believe never existed? END
START why did whitehead view the existence of god as a necessity for his mathematical system? END
START how does whitehead define he consequent nature of god? END
START how does whitehead describe the judgment of god? END
START what does whitehead say that god does with all experiences? END
START what effect does whitehead claim that experiences have on god? END
START what conclusion does whitehead draw about god's treatment of humans' experiences? END
START how does whitehead define inconsequent nature of god? END
START  how does whitehead not describe the judgment of god? END
START  what does whitehead say that god does with no experiences? END
START what conclusion does whitehead draw about god's treatment of humans' inexperiences? END
START how does whitehead view the relationship between god an the world? END
START how does he define entities' need for god? END
START how dis whitehead believe god provided permanence to entities? END
START in what way did whitehead view god as deficient? END
START what did whitehead claim god would be without the world? END
START how does he define entities' lack of god? END
START how dis whitehead believe god provided impermanence to entities? END
START  what did whitehead claim god would be with the world? END
START what did whitehead believe was the basis of religion? END
START what is whitehead's most famous statement on religion? END
START how did whitehead define religion? END
START how did whitehead define "dangerous delusion" as it relates to religion? END
START  what did whitehead believe was the basis of nonreligion? END
START  what is whitehead's most famous statement on nonreligion? END
START  how did whitehead define nonreligion? END
START how did whitehead define "dangerous delusion" as it doesn't relate to religion? END
START in what state did whitehead believe religion began? END
START what realization did whitehead believe religion made necessary? END
START what did whitehead believe was necessary for an entity to have meaning and value? END
START how does whitehead describe religion as world-loyalty? END
START what did whitehead believe was the relationship between the individual and social aspects of religion? END
START how does whitehead describe religion as non-world-loyalty? END
START  in what state did whitehead believe religion not begin? END
START what did whitehead believe was not necessary for an entity to have meaning and value? END
START  what did whitehead believe was the relationship between the individual and nonsocial aspects of religion? END
START what was whitehead's technical definition of religion? END
START what did whitehead believe religion did with strong emotions? END
START what purpose did whitehead believe religion served? END
START what did whitehead believe was the job of religion regarding philosophy? END
START what was whitehead's technical definition of nonreligion? END
START  what did whitehead believe religion did with weak emotions? END
START  what purpose did whitehead believe religion never served? END
START what did whitehead believe was the job of religion not regarding philosophy? END
START according to isabelle stengers, what are unifying factors in diverse practices (like ecology and feminism) that have become interested in whitehead's work? END
START in what areas of the world has interest in whitehead's work spread in recent decades? END
START what other fields have shown more recent interest in whitehead's work? END
START who was one of the first theologians to try to interact with whitehead's ideas? END
START what was the basis for "nature, man and god"? END
START according to isabelle stengers, what are non unifying factors in diverse practices (like ecology and feminism) that have become interested in whitehead's work? END
START in what areas of the world has interest in whitehead's work spread in past decades? END
START what other fields have shown less recent interest in whitehead's work? END
START who was one of the last theologians to try to interact with whitehead's ideas? END
START where were the first followers mainly found? END
START who began the interest in whitehead at chicago's divinity school? END
START what professors established the importance of whitehead's work? END
START who id the most well-known whitehead scholar? END
START where were the last followers mainly found? END
START who lost the interest in whitehead at chicago's divinity school? END
START  what professors established the unimportance of whitehead's work? END
START  who is the least well-known whitehead scholar? END
START where is interest in whitehead's work growing the fastest today? END
START what challenges are china using whitehead's ideas to help manage? END
START what types of traditions are china blending with whitehead's "constructive post-modern" philosophy? END
START what philosphers' writings are becoming required reading for graduate students in china? END
START why does john cobb believe china has become interested in process philosophy? END
START where is interest in whitehead's work growing the slowest today? END
START what challenges are japan using whitehead's ideas to help manage? END
START what types of traditions are china blending with whitehead's "constructive pre-modern" philosophy? END
START what philosphers' writings are becoming not required reading for graduate students in china? END
START where are whitehead's works primarily studied in english-speaking countries? END
START where has interest outside of those areas mainly come from? END
START who are two of whitehead's students that have gone on to become renowned in the field of analytic philosophy? END
START what did gilles deleuze say about whitehead? END
START what french sociologist and anthropologist stated that whitehead was "the greatest philosopher of the 20th century"? END
START where are whitehead's works was not primarily studied in english-speaking countries? END
START  where has no interest outside of those areas mainly come from? END
START  who are two of whitehead's students that have not gone on to become renowned in the field of analytic philosophy? END
START  what did gilles deleuze hate about whitehead? END
START what is the general opinion of whitehead in most philosophical schools? END
START what is an example of whitehead's ideas being counter-intuitive? END
START what is a common opinion of metaphysics? END
START why do some people believe whitehead's writings may have restricted his influence? END
START what is the general opinion of whitehead in less philosophical schools? END
START  what is an example of whitehead's ideas not being counter-intuitive? END
START  what is an uncommon opinion of metaphysics? END
START why do some people believe whitehead's writings may have not restricted his influence? END
START in what field of study has whitehead's work been most influential in the united states? END
START who was the most important early supporter of whitehead's work in the context of theology? END
START what advancement of whitehead's process philosophy is attributed to charles hartshorne? END
START who are some other distinguished process theologians? END
START in what field of study has whitehead's work been less influential in the united states? END
START who was the least important early supporter of whitehead's work in the context of theology? END
START what advancement of whitehead's process philosophy is not attributed to charles hartshorne? END
START what aspect of god is usually emphasized in process theology? END
START how is god usually perceived by process theologians? END
START why did hartshorne feel that god must be affected by people? END
START why would god being substantially affected by the world be beneficial? END
START what type of process theology does c. robert mesle promote? END
START  what aspect of god is not emphasized in process theology? END
START  how is god usually never perceived by process theologians? END
START  why did hartshorne feel that god must not be affected by people? END
START why is there difficulty in defining process theology ? END
START what subjects has john b. cobb, jr. written books on other than process theology? END
START what theories do roland faber and catherine keller combine with whitehead's ideas? END
START what was charles birch's profession besides theologian? END
START who authored "syntheism - creating god in the internet age"? END
START  why is there no difficulty in defining process theology? END
START what subjects has john b. cobb, jr. burned books on other than process theology? END
START what theories do roland faber and catherine keller not combine with whitehead's ideas? END
START  what wasnt charles birch's profession besides theologian? END
START what philosophy is closely related to process philosophy? END
START what pragmatists did whitehead acknowledge in the preface to "process and reality"? END
START what founder of pragmatism's collected papers did charles hartshorne ans paul weiss edit? END
START what important neopragmatist was harthorne's student? END
START who is a philosopher that promotes process philosophy and pragmatism currently? END
START  what pragmatists did whitehead not acknowledge in the preface to "process and reality"? END
START what founder of pragmatism's collected papers did charles hartshorne and paul weiss not edit? END
START  what unimportant neopragmatist was harthorne's student? END
START  who is a philosopher that doesn't promote process philosophy and pragmatism currently? END
START how was whitehead's theory of gravitation received? END
START what affect  did the discovery of gravitational waves have on whitehead's theory? END
START what are gravitational waves? END
START how must whiteheads cosmology now be considered? END
START what physicists in the field of quantum theory have been influenced by whitehead? END
START how was whitehead's theory of non-gravitation received? END
START what affect did the discovery of gravitational waves not have on whitehead's theory? END
START  what are non-gravitational waves? END
START what was the first book on environmental ethics by an individual author? END
START on which economics book did cobb collaborate with herman daly? END
START what award did cobb and daly receive for the book? END
START what other economics book did cobb go on to author? END
START what was the goal of cobb's second book on economics? END
START what was the last book on environmental ethics by an individual author? END
START on which economics book did cobb kick out herman daly? END
START  what award did cobb and daly lose for the book? END
START  what other science book did cobb go on to author? END
START who established the feels model in china? END
START what does "feels" stand for? END
START what is the purpose of the feels model? END
START what entities are working together to promote the feels model? END
START who established the heels model in china? END
START  what does "heels" stand for? END
START  what entities are working together to promote the heels model? END
START what business fields has whitehead influenced? END
START what prominent business professor has been heavily influenced by whitehead? END
START what does dibben call his philosophy on management and business administration? END
START according to dibben, what are the benefits of applying process metaphysics to examining management and business administration as a component of social science? END
START in what fields has dibben published two books and other papers? END
START what business fields has whitehead not influenced? END
START what prominent business professor has not been heavily influenced by whitehead? END
START what does dibben call his philosophy on science and math administration? END
START what is mary parker follett known for? END
START what do margaret stout and carrie m. staton view as commonalities between whitehead and follett? END
START what book did stout and jeanine m. love author that further examines the on between whitehead and follett? END
START what is mary parker follett not known for? END
START  what do margaret stout and carrie m. staton view as differences between whitehead and follett? END
START what book did stout and jeanine m. love author that does not examine between whitehead and follett? END
START what is one disease that has been nearly eradicated thanks to vaccines and antibiotics? END
START what is one issue that can arise from overuse of antibiotics? END
START in which century were antibiotics first introduced? END
START what organization called antimicrobial resistance a 'serious threat?' END
START what can be affected by issues resulting from overuse of antibiotics? END
START in what century did antibiotics revolutionized medicine? END
START what other medicine worked along antibiotics to eradicate diseases like tuberculosis? END
START what does there medicines do for livestock? END
START what organization classifies this as a current serious threat in the whole world?? END
START besides antimicrobial, what did the overused medicine cause?  END
START when did antibiotics revolutinzed medicine? END
START what happened when antibiotics was over used in livestock? END
START what organization stated that the world has this serious problem? END
START what regions in the world does this apply in? END
START when were antibiotics created? END
START what disease did antibiotics help eliminate? END
START who else uses antibiotics besides the medical industry? END
START what is a common problem in antibiotic use? END
START what is one disease that has been widespread thanks to vaccines and antibiotics? END
START what is one issue that can arise from overuse of predictions? END
START in which century was tuberculosis first introduced? END
START what organization called bacteria a 'serious threat?' END
START what other medicine worked along antibiotics to classify diseases like tuberculosis? END
START what is one kind of therapy that may be used when a patience has an infection, but it has not been identified? END
START where do doctors perform microorganism identification testing? END
START what kinds of antibiotics are most commonly used for empirical therapy? END
START at what stage does a doctor begin empirical therapy? END
START how long does the identification process take? END
START what happens when a doctor doesn't know the microorganism yet? END
START what happens in empirical therapy? END
START when is empirical started? END
START what is one kind of microorganism that may be used when a patient has an infection but it has not yet been identified? END
START where do doctors perform empirical therapy testing? END
START what kinds of infections are most commonly used for empirical therapy? END
START at what age does a microorganism begin empirical therapy? END
START how long does the infection process take? END
START what are two examples of minor side effects caused by some antibiotics? END
START what causes diarrhea? END
START what negative effects can antibiotics have on the vaginal area? END
START what is one example of antibiotics that may have a possible side effect of tendon damage? END
START what is one possible serious side effect of over-using antibiotics? END
START what are antibiotics screened for on mammals and humans? END
START what do antibiotics need approval for? END
START what besides the individual patient is targeted when antibiotics is being used? END
START photodermatitis, nausea, allergic reactions and anaphylaxis are all what type of side effect? END
START what was altered during the hypothesis of indiscriminate use of antibiotics? END
START why are antibiotics checked before use? END
START name some adverse effects? END
START name some side-effects? END
START what can happen to vaginal flora? END
START what can happen when antibiotics are used with other drugs? END
START what are two examples of anitbacterials caused by some antibiotics? END
START what causes anaphylaxis? END
START what is one possible side effect of antibiotics that do not have a side effect of tendon damage? END
START what are antibiotics screened for on microbiota and chronic disease? END
START what is one common result of using antibiotics from a young age? END
START what does stat stand for? END
START what are some antibiotics can be used for stat? END
START do antibiotics cause obesity in humans? END
START why do physicians use antibiotics on infants when the relationship has been proven?  END
START what can happen if people are exposed to antibiotics at a young age? END
START when do intestinal microbiota develop? END
START do antibiotics increase the chance of getting fat for humans? END
START what is one common result of using genes from a young age? END
START what are some microbiota that can be used for stat? END
START do antibiotics cause fasting in humans? END
START why do physicians use antibiotics on mice when the relationship has been proven? END
START when do models develop? END
START do antibiotics interact with birth control pills? END
START what percentage of birth control pill failure is attributed to antibiotics? END
START what are the potential effects on intestinal flora? END
START have these potential effects been proven through testing? END
START what do physicians recommend to counteract this potential issue? END
START what do antibiotics interfere with? END
START what percent is the  failure rate of contraceptive pills? END
START whhat does intestinal flora reduce? END
START in therapy, what does the antibacterial interact with? END
START do antibiotics mess with birth control pills? END
START what is birth control failure rate due to antibiotics? END
START what should women do if they are using antibiotics and birth control pills? END
START do antibiotics interact with intestinal flora? END
START what percentage of birth control pill failure is attributed to estrogens? END
START what are the potential effects on antibacterials? END
START what do control pills recommend to counteract this potential issue? END
START what do oral contraceptives reduce? END
START what is one potential issue with drinking alcohol while taking antibiotics? END
START do all antibiotics interact dangerously with alcohol? END
START is it ok to drink alcohol while taking any antibiotic? END
START how common is the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed? END
START what can alcohol and certain antibiotics cause? END
START what is unlikely to interfere with  with many common antibiotics? END
START what belief should bever be mixed widespread? END
START what common drug can reduce antibiotic effectiveness? END
START what type of antibiotic is most likely to be a problem with alcohol? END
START should alcohol be used while on antibiotics? END
START what is one potential issue with drinking alcohols while in therapy? END
START do all antibiotics interact dangerously with conterindication? END
START is it ok to drink alcohol while taking any risks? END
START what is unlikely to interfere with many common side-effects? END
START what common drug can reduce interactions? END
START what does the bactericidal activitty of antibacterials depend on what? END
START what does this eliminate? END
START what besides ongoing metabolic activity is required in bactericidal activity? END
START what does the activity of antibacterials depends on? END
START what does a successful treatment using antibiotics entail? END
START what does the potency of antibacterials depend upon? END
START how do you predict the clinical result? END
START what does the infection activity of antibacterials depends on? END
START what besides ongoing metabolic activity is required in drug efficacy? END
START what does the activity of defense mechanisms depend on? END
START what does a successful treatment using pharmacological parameters entail? END
START how do you predict the cell division? END
START besides sprectrum of activity and chemical structure, how can antibacterial antibiotics classified? END
START what is another name used for bacterial cell wall? END
START whats another word for cell membrane? END
START how many new classes of antibacterial antibiotics was introduced in the late 2000's/ END
START what three ways are antibiotics classified? END
START what do anitibiotics mostly target? END
START which two types of antibiotics target the cell wall? END
START which type of antibiotic goes after the cell membrane? END
START what 3 types go after protein synthesis? END
START besides spectrum of activity and chemical structure, how can protein synthesis be classified? END
START what is another name used for target specificity? END
START what is another word for interfere? END
START how many new classes of glycylcyclines was introduced in the late 2000's? END
START what three ways are bacteria classified? END
START besides semisytetic modifications, what advances in medicinal chemistry regarding antibacterials? END
START what is the molecular weight loss of antibacterial compounds? END
START what is included in the beta-lactam antibiotics? END
START what is penicillins produced by? END
START what are antibiotics in chemical terms? END
START what type of antibiotics include penicilin? END
START what are the type of antibiotics which are taken from still living things? END
START how are the slufonamides,quinolones, and oxazolidinones created? END
START what is the molecular weight loss of chemical synthesis? END
START what is included in the natural compounds? END
START what are cephalosporins produced by? END
START what are compounds in chemical terms? END
START what type of antibiotics include sulfonamides? END
START what does emergence of resistance reflect? END
START what is the purpose of antibiotic treatment? END
START when was antibacterial-resistance demonstrated? END
START who made the demonstration in 1943? END
START what is a modern common occurence with antibiotics? END
START what is resistance to antibiotics a cause of? END
START when was the luria-delbruck experiment? END
START which two antibiotics that have high efficacy are much less useful now? END
START what does emergence of bacteria reflect? END
START what is the purpose of bacterial strains? END
START when were bacterial species and strains invented? END
START what is a modern occurrence with high doeses? END
START what is resistance to genes a cause of? END
START what is part of hje the make up of bacterial strains? END
START what can be absent from the bacterial genome? END
START when does the spread of antibacterial resistance frequently occurs/ END
START what is exchanged between between bacterial strains or species via plasmids that have this resistance? END
START what does some resistance come from? END
START what method of spread can occur in antibacterial resistance? END
START what do plasmids do in resistance? END
START what is part of the makeup of bacterial strains? END
START what can be absent from the resistance genes? END
START when does the spread of dna frequently occur? END
START what is exchanged between bacterial stains of species via mutations that have this resistance?  END
START what do plasmids do in bacterial chromosomes? END
START what are strains that are resistant to antibiotics called sometimes? END
START what was a once almost controlled disease that is coming back do to resistance? END
START how many new infections of resistant tb are reported per year? END
START what is the acronym used to describe resistant tb? END
START what are strains that are resistant to tuberculosis called sometimes? END
START what was a once almost controlled antibiotic that is coming back to do resistance? END
START how many new infections of bacteria are reported per year? END
START what is the acronym used to describe enzymes? END
START what is a newly identified enzyme conveying bacterial resistance to a broad range of strains and species?  END
START what are the two biggest reasons for resistance? END
START what is a common method of misuse? END
START what is an example of bad treatment causing resistance? END
START what are the two biggest reasons for antibiotics? END
START what is a common method of hospitals? END
START what is an example of bad treatment causing infections? END
START what as been associated with increases in suboptimal antibiotics? END
START since when have symptoms and diseases been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance? END
START what is a way of improperly using antibiotics for those traveling? END
START what can happen if a doctor doesn't prescribe to a person's weight and prior use? END
START what are 3 other common forms of bad antibiotic practices? END
START what happens when a cold is treated with antibiotics? END
START what do doctors usually do when a patient seems to want antibiotics even though they may not be right? END
START what is a way of improperly using rest for those traveling? END
START what can happen if a doctor doesn't prescribe to a person's traveling? END
START what are 3 other common forms of bad viral infections? END
START what happens when a physician is treated with antibiotics? END
START what do doctors usually do when a patient seems to want the common cold even though they may not be right? END
START what is the name of a us government agency tasked with trying to stop improper use of antibiotics? END
START which agencies control this task force? END
START when did the french start going after overuse of antibiotics? END
START what is the name of a us government agency tasked with trying to stop the fda? END
START which agencies control france? END
START when did the french start going after children? END
START what has been adressed by an ngo campaign group? END
START what are organizations who are lobbying to other us agencies concerned with? END
START when did the eu ban antibiotics for speeding up growth? END
START what report caused the uk to worry about resistance? END
START what 3 us organizations have called for the banning of antibiotics in the production of food animals? END
START name two us bills that want to ban antibiotics in food production? END
START what 3 medical associations supported the bills? END
START when did the eu ban bills for speeding up growth? END
START what report caused the uk to worry about industries? END
START what 3 us organizations have called for the banning of medical organizations and the production of food animals? END
START name two ama bills that want to ban antibiotics in food production. END
START what 3 medical associations supported antibiotics? END
START what besides sick people are antibiotics used for? END
START when was resistance first discussed as a problem in the raising of farm animals? END
START when did a district court order the fda to stop approving antibiotics in animals? END
START what besides sick people are bacterial strains used for? END
START when was resistance first discussed as a problem in the raising of the united states? END
START when did a district court order the fda to stop approving animals? END
START what violated natural resources defense council regulations? END
START who ordered the fda to use antibiotics? END
START what methods did people use before antibiotics to treat infections? END
START when were some kinds of antimicrobials first used? END
START what type of things did egyptians and greeks use? END
START what does antibiosis mean? END
START who came up with the term antibiosis? END
START what methods did people use before robert koch to treat infections? END
START when were some kinds of dyes first used? END
START what type of things did american microbiologists use? END
START who came up with the term salvarsan? END
START who renamed drugs therapudics? END
START what type of organism has been reported to have worked on infections? END
START who noticed in a lab the antibacterial characteristics of mold? END
START what mold did fleming notice had antibacterial properties? END
START what did fleming initially think a good use would be for it? END
START what type of organism has been reported to have worked on penicillin? END
START who noticed in a lab the development of chemists? END
START what mold did fleming notice had chemotherapy? END
START what did fleming initially think a good use for chemists would be? END
START what did fleming use to treat a petri dish? END
START what was the first available antibiotic? END
START what company developed prontosil? END
START who led the team that came up with prontosil? END
START what prize did domagk get for his work? END
START what was the first available cocci? END
START what company developed enterobacteria? END
START who led the team that came up with bayer laboratories? END
START what prize did prontosil get for its work? END
START what opened the era of germany? END
START what was the first antibiotic developed from nature? END
START when was tyrothricin created? END
START what also happened in 1939 besides tyrothricin? END
START who discovered tyrothricin? END
START what was tyrothricin used for during the war? END
START what was the first antibiotic developed from wounds? END
START when was gramicidin created? END
START who discovered systematic usage? END
START what was tyrothricin used for during toxicity? END
START rene dubos was not shared between who? END
START when was penicillin g first purified? END
START when did penicillin g become available outside of military use? END
START who came up with a way to quickly produce penicillin? END
START when was the chemical make-up of penicillin discovered? END
START who discovered the chemical structure of penicillin? END
START when was the nobel prize first purified? END
START when did penicillin g become available as a therapeudic drug? END
START who came up with a way to quickly produce pus? END
START when was the chemical make-up of bacteria discovered? END
START who discovered the chemical structure of bacteria? END
START what do vaccines need to work? END
START what type of vaccines have saved millions of lives? END
START what types of vaccines have been phased out? END
START what do polysaccharides need to work? END
START what type of polysaccharides have saved millions of lives? END
START what types of polysaccharides have been phased out? END
START vaccines made from what have been replaced by less protein carriers? END
START what happens when a host includes polysaccharides? END
START what has been talked about to treat resistant bacteria? END
START how have researchers been doing this? END
START what is a worry of using phages? END
START what has been talked about to treat bateriophages? END
START how have bacterium been doing this? END
START what is a worry of using dna? END
START what makes researchers confident that phages fight pathogens? END
START by what method do phages destroy antibiotics? END
START how many antibiotics have been created in the last 7 years? END
START how many are in the pipelin to fight gnb? END
START what year did the infectious disease society of america say that production of new antibiotics does not keep up with resistance? END
START how many bacilli have been created in the last 7 years? END
START how many are in the pipeline to fight idsa? END
START what year did the infectious diseases of america say that production of gnb does not keep up with resistance? END
START what happens to the umber of new resistance? END
START what drugs address teh entire spectrum of resistance of gnb? END
START who regulates antibiotic approval? END
START what could help to spur pharmaceuticals to make new antibiotics? END
START what are resistant bacteria called in the media? END
START who is a director at the pew charitable trusts? END
START who regulates infection approval? END
START what could help to spur pharmaceuticals to make new infections? END
START who is a director at the fda? END
START who will monitor the use of economic incentives? END
START who aims to fast track healthcare professionals? END
START who are windows main operating system competitors? END
START what new security features does windows 8 have? END
START what usb version is windows 8 compatible with? END
START what can be found on the start screen? END
START what services does the windows store provide? END
START who are windows lesser operating system competitors? END
START what new security features does windows 9 have? END
START what can be found on the end screen? END
START what usb version is windows 9 compatible with? END
START what services doesn't the windows store provide? END
START what about windows 8 was well received? END
START what were the perceived problems with the new windows 8 user interface? END
START how many windows 8 licenses were purchased by january 2013? END
START what about windows 9 was well received? END
START what about windows 8 was poorly received? END
START what were the perceived problems with the old windows 8 user interface? END
START what were the perceived problems with the new windows 9 user interface? END
START how many windows 8 licenses were purchased by january 2012? END
START when did microsoft start creating windows 8? END
START who is windows division president? END
START who is microsofts ceo? END
START where were the windows 8 plans initially announced? END
START what is jupiter? END
START who is windows division vice president? END
START when did microsoft start creating windows 9? END
START who is microsofts cfo? END
START where were the windows 9 plans initially announced? END
START what isn't jupiter? END
START what does bsod stand for? END
START when was milestone 1 divulged? END
START what was special about milestone 1? END
START when was milestone 2 divulged? END
START when was build 7959 divulged? END
START what does bsob stand for? END
START when was milestone 11 divulged? END
START what was special about milestone 11? END
START when was milestone 12 divulged? END
START when was build 7995 divulged? END
START what 3 versions of the build did microsoft first release? END
START what developer tools did the build have? END
START how many downloads occured in the first 12 hours? END
START when did the developer preview expire? END
START when was the developer preview initially intended to expire? END
START what 4 versions of the build did microsoft first release? END
START what developer tools didn't the build have? END
START how many downloads occured in the first 21 hours? END
START when didn't the developer preview expire? END
START when wasn't the developer preview initially intended to expire? END
START when was the beta version of windows 8 made available to the public? END
START who is the windows manager? END
START how many things were altered after developer version release? END
START when was the consumer preview set to expire? END
START how many times was the consumer preview downloaded in the first 24 hours? END
START when was the beta version of windows 9 made available to the public? END
START who isn't the windows manager? END
START how many things were altered before developer version release? END
START when wasn't the consumer preview set to expire? END
START how many times was the consumer preview downloaded in the first 42 hours? END
START when was the release preview revealed to consumers? END
START when was the release preview set to expire? END
START what were the main components of the release preview? END
START what was the build number of the windows 8 release preview? END
START when was the windows 8 release preview accidentally revealed? END
START when was the release preview unrevealed to consumers? END
START when wasn't the release preview set to expire? END
START what were the side components of the release preview? END
START what was the build number of the windows 9 release preview? END
START when was the windows 9 release preview accidentally revealed? END
START when did windows 8 manufacturing begin? END
START what was the final build microsoft decided to manufacture? END
START when was microsoft supposed to officially launch windows 8? END
START what version of windows 8 is enterprise n? END
START when were software assurance consumers allowed access to windows 8? END
START when did windows 9 manufacturing begin? END
START what was the first build microsoft decided to manufacture? END
START when was microsoft supposed to officially launch windows 9? END
START what version of windows 9 is enterprise n? END
START when were software assurance consumers allowed access to windows 9? END
START how many things did microsoft alter after release preview? END
START when was the general availablity cumulative update provided? END
START how are system improvements released through windows 8? END
START what name did windows explorer change to? END
START how many things did microsoft alter before release preview? END
START when wasn't the general availablity cumulative update provided? END
START how aren't system improvements released through windows 8? END
START how are system improvements released through windows 9? END
START what name did windows explorer stay as? END
START how much money was allocated to advertise windows 8? END
START how much money was allocated to advertise windows 95? END
START what is the name of the character microsoft used to make windows 8 seem more personable? END
START when did microsoft begin promoting windows 8? END
START how many pop up stores did microsoft set up to help promote windows 8? END
START how much money was allocated to advertise windows 9? END
START how much money was allocated to advertise windows 98? END
START what is the name of the character microsoft used to make windows 9 seem more personable? END
START when did microsoft begin promoting windows 9? END
START how many pop up stores did microsoft set up to help promote windows 9? END
START when was the first game of the 2013 stanley cup finals? END
START who did windows 8 mock in their television campaign? END
START what was the name of the windows 8 advertising campaign? END
START what three things did the windows everywhere campaign emphasize on? END
START when was the first game of the 2014 stanley cup finals? END
START when was the last game of the 2014 stanley cup finals? END
START who did windows 9 mock in their television campaign? END
START what was the name of the windows 9 advertising campaign? END
START what four things did the windows everywhere campaign emphasize on? END
START what happens during hybrid boot mode? END
START what is windows to go? END
START what are the benefits of usb 3.0? END
START what is the point of near field communications? END
START what features were added to the lock screen? END
START what never happens during hybrid boot mode? END
START what is windows to stay? END
START what are the benefits of usb 2.0? END
START what is the point of far field communications? END
START what features were taken away to the lock screen? END
START what replaced the windows explorer comman bar? END
START what is the new name of windows explorer? END
START what did the update of operation dalog boxes help with? END
START what does file history make possible? END
START what never replaced the windows explorer common bar? END
START what is the old name of windows explorer? END
START what did the update of operation dalog boxes hurt with? END
START what didn't the update of operation dalog boxes help with? END
START what does file history make impossible? END
START what is the point of using different colors on a heat map? END
START what changes were made to the bsod? END
START what are some of the process type groups windows 8 implemented? END
START how can users find out more about obscure windows 8 processes? END
START what is the point of using same colors on a heat map? END
START what is the point of using different colors on a cool map? END
START what changes were made to the bsob? END
START what are some of the process type groups windows 9 implemented? END
START how can users find out more about obscure windows 9 processes? END
START what new security features did windows 8 provide? END
START what were the new security features in windows 8 geared at? END
START what options do parental controls provide? END
START what new recovery options did windows 8 implement? END
START when was the first windows 8 patch sent out? END
START what new security features did windows 9 provide? END
START what were the new security features in windows 9 geared at? END
START what options don't parental controls provide? END
START what new recovery options did windows 9 implement? END
START when was the first windows 9 patch sent out? END
START how does secure boot help avert boot process infections? END
START what requirements do microsoft certified devices have? END
START what must always be enable in arm-based windows rt devices? END
START how doesn't secure boot help avert boot process infections? END
START how does insecure boot help avert boot process infections? END
START what requirements don't microsoft certified devices have? END
START what requirements do microsoft uncertified devices have? END
START what must always be enable in arm-based windows tr devices? END
START what is skydrive? END
START what features does xbox live hub offer? END
START when was facebook support turned off? END
START what xbox apps were bundled together? END
START what service options does windows online now offer? END
START what isn't skydrive? END
START what features doesn't xbox live hub offer? END
START when was facebook support turned on? END
START what xbox one apps were bundled together? END
START what service options does windows offline now offer? END
START what forms is internet exploer 10 available as? END
START what limitations were put on adobe flash to begin with? END
START what improvements were made to internet explorer? END
START where can adobe flash now be used? END
START what forms is internet explorer 11 available as? END
START what forms is internet explorer 10 unavailable as? END
START what limitations weren't put on adobe flash to begin with? END
START what improvements weren't made to internet explorer? END
START where can adobe flash not be used? END
START what does airplone mode do? END
START where can carrier account management systems be found? END
START what registers the insertion of a sim card? END
START what are some connection settings in windows 8? END
START what doesn't airplane mode do? END
START where can't carrier account management systems be found? END
START what never registers the insertion of a sim card? END
START what registers the insertion of a smi card? END
START what are some connection settings in windows 9? END
START who is jensen harris? END
START what apps can one expect the people app to match with? END
START what apps can one expect the photos app to match with? END
START what makes windows store apps unique? END
START what are contracts? END
START who isn't jensen harris? END
START what apps can't one expect the people app to match with? END
START what apps can't one expect the photos app to match with? END
START what makes windows store apps un-unique? END
START what aren't contracts? END
START what programming languages does windows runtime work with? END
START what makes windows apps binary code compatible? END
START what does compiling components as windows runtime make possible? END
START what kind of environment provides windows apps extra security? END
START what programming languages does windows downtime work with? END
START what programming languages does windows runtime work without? END
START what makes windows apps unary code compatible? END
START what does compiling components as windows runtime make impossible? END
START what kind of environment provides windows apps less security? END
START where can windows 8 install apps from? END
START how do devices with windows 8 enterprise attain apps outside of the windows store? END
START what other devices can sideload apps? END
START where can't windows 8 install apps from? END
START where can windows 9 install apps from? END
START how do devices with windows 9 enterprise attain apps outside of the windows store? END
START how do devices with windows 8 enterprise attain apps inside of the windows store? END
START what other devices can't sideload apps? END
START what does immersive app stand for? END
START what are apps after the introduction of windows 8 called? END
START who is soma somasegar? END
START when did windows store apps become the real term for the apps? END
START what does unimmersive app stand for? END
START what doesn't immersive app stand for? END
START what are apps after the introduction of windows 9 called? END
START who is noma somasegar? END
START when didn't windows store apps become the real term for the apps? END
START what code did windows 8 change to? END
START what term did microsoft give to its exception privilige for web browsing? END
START what different options did the desktop version have? END
START what code did windows 9 change to? END
START what code didn't windows 8 change to? END
START what term didn't microsoft give to its exception privilige for web browsing? END
START what term did microsoft give to its exception privilige for file browsing? END
START what different options didn't the desktop version have? END
START which two browsers promised to develop metro-style versions of their browsers? END
START what does chromes version for windows 8 do? END
START what does firefox's version for windows 8 do? END
START when was firefox's version of windows 8 made accesible? END
START which three browsers promised to develop metro-style versions of their browsers? END
START what doesn't chromes version for windows 8 do? END
START what does chromes version for windows 9 do? END
START what does firefox's version for windows 9 do? END
START when was firefox's version of windows 9 made accesible? END
START what is found on the start screen? END
START what do live tiles do? END
START what is the primary function of the pc settings app?  END
START where can advanced settings options be found? END
START what is the new system user interface built on? END
START what is found on the stop screen? END
START what is the primary function of the cp settings app?  END
START what do dead tiles do? END
START where can basic settings options be found? END
START what is the old system user interface built on? END
START what is charms? END
START what is the purpose of charms? END
START how is an active list of apps accessed? END
START what does swiping from the left edge of the screen do? END
START how is the traditional desktop evironment opened? END
START what aren't charms? END
START what isn't the purpose of charms? END
START how is an inactive list of apps accessed? END
START what does swiping from the right edge of the screen do? END
START how is the traditional desktop evironment closed? END
START why was the ability to play dvd-video taken off of windows media player? END
START what does the pro pack do? END
START which main feature was removed in windows 8? END
START why was the ability to play br-video taken off of windows media player? END
START why was the ability to play dvd-video taken off of windows picture player? END
START what doesn't the pro pack do? END
START what does the mod pack do? END
START which main feature was removed in windows 9? END
START what backup element is still found on windows 8? END
START how is backup and restore opened? END
START what does :76 shadow copy do? END
START what is :74 used for?  END
START what backup element isn't still found on windows 8? END
START what backup element is still found on windows 9? END
START how isn't backup and restore opened? END
START how is backup and restore closed? END
START what does :67 shadow copy do? END
START what did microsoft change the tablet resolution requirements on march 12, 2013? END
START why did microsoft decrease the required resoultion for tablets? END
START what is a convertible form factor?  END
START how does a convertible become a tablet? END
START what didn't microsoft change the tablet resolution requirements on march 12, 2013? END
START what did microsoft change the tablet resolution requirements on march 21, 2013? END
START why did microsoft increase the required resoultion for tablets? END
START what is an inconvertible form factor?  END
START how does an inconvertible become a tablet? END
START how many windows 8 editions are there? END
START what extras does windows 8 pro have? END
START what extras do windows 8 enterprise have? END
START how would one get windows rt? END
START how many windows 8 editions aren't there? END
START how many windows 9 editions are there? END
START what extras does windows 9 pro have? END
START what extras do windows 9 enterprise have? END
START how would one get windows tr? END
START during it's launch how much was a windows 8 upgrade? END
START what is the windows 8 price? END
START what is the windows 8 pro price? END
START which pc owners could purchase a windows 8 pro uprgrade for $14.99? END
START how much was the windows media center add-on during the original windows 8 promotion? END
START during it's launch how much was a windows 9 upgrade? END
START what is the windows 9 price? END
START what is the windows 9 pro price? END
START which pc owners could purchase a windows 9 pro uprgrade for $14.99? END
START how much was the windows media center add-on during the original windows 9 promotion? END
START what restrictions do windows upgrade licenses have? END
START what did windows offer in place of a full version of the software? END
START what did the system builder sku take the place of? END
START what does oem stand for? END
START what did the personal use license allow? END
START what restrictions don't windows upgrade licenses have? END
START what did windows offer in place of a preview version of the software? END
START what did the system builder suk take the place of? END
START what does ome stand for END
START what did the personal use license disallow? END
START what replaced windows 8? END
START what is the primary difference in windows 8.1?  END
START what exemption was removed from windows 8.1? END
START what is windows 8.1 with bing? END
START what replaced windows 9? END
START what is the primary difference in windows 9.1?  END
START what is the primary similarity in windows 8.1?  END
START what exemption was removed from windows 9.1? END
START what is windows 9.1 with bing? END
START what architecture types does windows 8 support? END
START what is 16-bit support intended for? END
START when was x86 2nd generation created? END
START how does the online windows installer know which version to install? END
START what architecture types does windows 9 support? END
START what architecture types doesn't windows 8 support? END
START what is 61-bit support intended for? END
START when was x68 2nd generation created? END
START how does the online windows installer know which version to uninstall? END
START what windows version is compatible with arm processors? END
START what apps work on windows rt? END
START why does windows rt only work with apps included with the system? END
START what windows version is incompatible with arm processors? END
START what windows version is compatible with amr processors? END
START what apps don't work on windows rt? END
START what apps work on windows tr? END
START why does windows rt only work with apps excluded with the system? END
START who is tony mangefeste? END
START what ideology does microsoft follow? END
START who condemned microsoft for requiring devices to have secure boot enabled by default? END
START what resolution did microsoft come to in their certificiation guidelines? END
START who isn't tony mangefeste? END
START what ideology doesn't microsoft follow? END
START what ideology does apple follow? END
START who condemned microsoft for requiring devices to have secure boot disabled by default? END
START what resolution didn't microsoft come to in their certificiation guidelines? END
START who criticized microsofts closed platform windows store? END
START who created minecraft? END
START who developed steam? END
START what company is rob pardo associated with? END
START what was the main reasoning behind the creation of the windows store? END
START who criticized microsofts open platform windows store? END
START who hated minecraft? END
START who developed dream? END
START what company is rob pardo unassociated with? END
START what wasn't the main reasoning behind the creation of the windows store? END
START who equated windos 8 as the first desktop operating system that understand what a computer is supposed to do? END
START why did pierce give the start screen such glowing reviews? END
START which improvements were most well regarded? END
START who else uses a closed distribution platform? END
START who equated windows 9 as the first desktop operating system that understand what a computer is supposed to do? END
START who equated windows 8 as the last desktop operating system that understand what a computer is supposed to do? END
START why did pierce give the start screen such poor reviews? END
START which improvements were least well regarded? END
START who else uses an open distribution platform? END
START what makes the windows 8 interface difficult to use? END
START who said the windows 8 interface was clumsy and impractical? END
START what kind of feedback has windows 8 received? END
START what makes the windows 9 interface difficult to use? END
START what makes the windows 8 interface easy to use? END
START who said the windows 9 interface was clumsy and impractical? END
START who said the windows 8 interface was practical? END
START what kind of feedback has windows 9 received? END
START what is idc? END
START what is the decline in pc sales attributed to? END
START how much of a decrease in sales have windows devices experienced? END
START while windows sales went down, which company experienced an increase in sales? END
START what is icd? END
START what isn't idc? END
START what is the increase in pc sales attributed to? END
START how much of a increase in sales have windows devices experienced? END
START while windows sales went up, which company experienced an decrease in sales? END
START what percent of tablets were running windows in q1 2013/ END
START what was androids market share in 2013? END
START what was teh ios market share in 2013? END
START what does strategy analytics say windows tablets are lacking? END
START when did windows 8 surpass windows vistas market share? END
START what percent of tablets were running windows in q1 2012? END
START what was androids market share in 2012? END
START what was the ios market share in 2012? END
START what doesn't strategy analytics say windows tablets are lacking? END
START when did windows 9 surpass windows vistas market share? END
START what changes did microsoft make to its certification requirements in march 2013? END
START why did microsoft change the tablet resolution minimum?  END
START how many licenses did microsoft sell in the first six months? END
START what controlled the small form tablet market at this time? END
START what changes did microsoft make to its recertification requirements in march 2013? END
START what changes did microsoft make to its certification requirements in march 2012? END
START why did microsoft change the tablet resolution maximum?  END
START how many licenses did microsoft sell in the first nine months? END
START what controlled the large form tablet market at this time? END
START when did microsoft make the existence of windows 8.1 with bing oem sku official? END
START when did microsoft remove license fees on device screens less than 9 inches? END
START when did windows 8 decrease the price of windows 8 for devices that cost less than $250? END
START what was the benefit of windows 8.1 with bing? END
START when did microsoft make the existence of windows 9.1 with bing oem sku official? END
START when did microsoft make the existence of windows 8.1 with bing ome sku official? END
START when did microsoft remove license fees on device screens less than 8 inches? END
START when did windows 9 decrease the price of windows 8 for devices that cost less than $250? END
START what was the benefit of windows 9.1 with bing? END
START when did the chinese government ban the purchase of windows 8 products? END
START why did the chinese government ban windows 8 based products? END
START what market share did windows xp have in chine? END
START who claimed that the windows 8 would allow the us government to spy on its users? END
START when did the chinese government approve the purchase of windows 8 products? END
START when did the chinese government ban the purchase of windows 9 products? END
START why did the chinese government ban windows 9 based products? END
START what market share did windows px have in china? END
START who claimed that the windows 9 would allow the us government to spy on its users? END
START what does cctv stand for? END
START what is the name of the chinese social network? END
START who claimed that the window 8 os could gather sensitive user information? END
START where did yang min practice as a computer scientiest? END
START what doesn't cctv stand for? END
START what does ctcv stand for? END
START what isn't the name of the chinese social network? END
START who claimed that the window 9 os could gather sensitive user information? END
START where didn't yang min practice as a computer scientest? END
START when was windows 8.1 introduced? END
START when did microsoft release the beta version of windows 8.1? END
START when did msdn and technet users gain access to windows 8.1? END
START when was windows 9.1 introduced? END
START when was windows 8.1 scrapped? END
START when did microsoft release the beta version of windows 9.1? END
START when did microsoft release the alpha version of windows 8.1? END
START when did msdn and technet users gain access to windows 9.1? END
START what search engine was added in windows 8.1? END
START how did the windows 8.1 upgrade enhance desktop startup? END
START what main feature was added back to the desktop? END
START how many apps did the windows 8.1 update allow to be snapped onto a signular display? END
START what search engine was added in windows 9.1? END
START what search engine was taken away in windows 8.1? END
START how did the windows 9.1 upgrade enhance desktop startup? END
START what main feature was taken away from the desktop? END
START how many apps did the windows 9.1 update allow to be snapped onto a signular display? END
START how wide is swaziland in miles?? END
START in terms of size where does swaziland rank within africa in terms of country size? END
START what is the primary language spoken by the people in swaziland? END
START when did the ethnic swazis establish a kingdom? END
START who was the leader of the 18th century swazi kingdom? END
START what country is measures 200 mi north to south? END
START what is one of the smalloest countries in the world? END
START what is the official language of swaziland? END
START who established a kingdom in the 1800's END
START who was the leader of the swazi kingdom in the 1800's? END
START what is the per capita gdp of swaziland? END
START what is the sacu? END
START what does the acronym comesa represent? END
START what is the lilangeni? END
START what form of currency is the lilangeni fixed to? END
START who is swazilands main global trading partner? END
START what is the currency of both swaziland and south africa? END
START where is agriculture the top employer? END
START what nation is considered developed despite its small economy? END
START what is the literal translation of nkhosi? END
START in terms of the most successful swaziland kings in battle, who was the best? END
START what did mswati ii do to the land controlled by swaziland during his reign? END
START what groups did mswati attack in the mid 19th century? END
START where does the name swaziland originate? END
START what country got its name from ngwane iii? END
START what was ngwane the greatest of? END
START what did ngwane iii do to the land controlled by swaziland during his reign? END
START who did ngwane attack and subdue? END
START who attacked the emakhandzambili in the 18th century? END
START in what year did the british take swaziland on as a protectorate?  END
START what 1903 conflict involving the british caused swaziland to become a protectorate? END
START in what year was swaziland given self governance?  END
START how much of swaziland did the european area contain after the portioning? END
START when was sobhuza coronated? END
START who did swaziland become a protectorate of in the 19th century? END
START what war did swaziland loose in the 19th century? END
START who started carrying out sazilands administration in 1906? END
START who was granted self-government in the 19th century? END
START when did the swaziland constitution come to be? END
START what is another way to refer to the swazi national council? END
START when was the legislative council of swaziland first created? END
START when did elections that provided for a house of assembly for swaziland occur? END
START what constitution did britian put into effect in the 19th century? END
START what established a judicial and executive council in swaziland? END
START who supported the legislative council? END
START what provided for a house assembly in 1964? END
START in what year was the constitution of swaziland suspended? END
START who ruled swaziland in the late 1970s? END
START when did king sobhuza ii die? END
START who was the head of state of swaziland after king sobhuza ii END
START which monarch of swaziland was crownd in april 1986? END
START who suspended swazilands constitution in the 19th century? END
START when was the son ofdzeliwe shongwe crowned king? END
START who ruled swaziland starting in 1973 and ending 1982? END
START what rerent ruled for 61 years in swaziland? END
START who appoints the prime minister of swaziland? END
START what is the parliament of swaziland known as? END
START what part of the swaziland parliament is appointed by the king? END
START why is the king allowed to appoint members of parliament? END
START who does the prime minister appoint? END
START who appoints the advisory council? END
START who appoints both chambers of the libandla? END
START why are special intrests left out of parliment? END
START how many seats are in the senate of swaziland? END
START how many members are there in the swazi house of assembly? END
START how many members of the swazi house of assembly are chosen by the king? END
START when were the most recent elections in swaziland? END
START which group looks over elections in swaziland? END
START who appoints the house of assembly? END
START how often does the king dissolve the constitution? END
START what is done on a party basis? END
START what group decides when elections will be held? END
START when did people begin to disputre royal hegenomy in swaziland? END
START what portion of swaziland is said to support the monarchy of swaziland? END
START what entity took submissions about whether or not swazi citizens wanted to change support of the monarchy? END
START what was reformed in 2005? END
START what has been debated since the 1970's? END
START what do progressive formations support besides the current political system? END
START what do the majority of citizens complain about? END
START how does a nominee for parliament in swaziland get decided? END
START what is the minimum number of members that must support a nominee to parliament in swaziland? END
START what is an indvuna as it relates to the parliament of swaziland? END
START in the swazi parliament, what is the bucopho?  END
START what is the minimum amount of nominees taken on the day of nomination in the swazi parliament? END
START where are ballots cast members of parliment? END
START who elects parliment? END
START what has a minimum of 10? END
START how many representatives does each tinkhundla elect to the swazi house of assembly? END
START what is a single term of a swazi development committee? END
START to whom do bucopho take the decisions and concerns? END
START where is the bucopho chairman elected? END
START what is the chairman of the bucopho also called? END
START how many members are there of the house assembly? END
START what do the tinkhundla bring to the house assembly? END
START what do the inkhundla give to the chiefdoms? END
START what nation is to the east of swaziland? END
START what nation is on the north, east, and western borders of swaziland? END
START how large in square kilometers is swaziland? END
START how many geographical regions are within swaziland? END
START in which region is there rain forest in swaziland? END
START what country completely surrounds swaziland? END
START what country is east of mozambique? END
START what country has a land area of 17,364 square miles? END
START how many seperate privinces does swaziland have? END
START what kind of forest does swaziland have in the east? END
START what portion of the swazi population are subsistence farmers? END
START in terms of swaziland, what does snl refer to? END
START outside of agriculture what provides to the swazi economy? END
START what are the problems with swazi nation land? END
START where does the population get 75% of its income? END
START what has low productivity compared to swazi nation land? END
START what other industries have low productivity besides agriculture? END
START where is commercial farming productivity declining? END
START what has the real growth in gdp since 2001 in swaziland in percentage? END
START how much lower is the swazi real gdp growth in comparison to other southern african customs union members is swaziland? END
START when did the public finances in swaziland decline? END
START what led to swazi budget cuts? END
START what have swaziland's neighbors lagged behind in? END
START what is the average gdp of sacu member countries? END
START how much higher is the swazi gdp growth compared to the rest of the sacu? END
START what did swaziland have a surplus of in the 1990's? END
START what amount of total public spending in swaziland is going to wages? END
START what amount of government revenue in swaziland is from the sacu? END
START what has happened to debt external onus  in swaziland in the past two decades? END
START what percentage of the gdp was represented by outside debt in swaziland in 2006? END
START who did the spending benefit? END
START what led to considerable growth? END
START what makes up 15% of total public spending? END
START what has a decline in sacu revenues done? END
START which nations economy is swaziland most linked with? END
START what quantity of imports does swaziland get from south africa? END
START what percentage of exported goods from swaziland end up in south africa? END
START what happened to swazi exports of textiles from 2000 to 2005? END
START between 2000 and 2005 what percentage did swazi sugar exports increase by? END
START where does south africa recieve 90% of its imorts from? END
START who sends swaziland 70% of their exports? END
START what act gives the us and eu trade preference with swaziland? END
START during what period did swazi sugar imports increase 200%? END
START what currency is swaziland bound to? END
START which nation does swazi defer to when it comes to monetary policy? END
START duties from customs represent what amount of swaziland government revenue? END
START from where does swaziland get customs revenue? END
START what is the currency in swaziland and south africa? END
START what country defers to swaziland when it comes to monetary policy? END
START what percentage of sacu income is from customs duties? END
START who does swaziland pay duties to? END
START what percentage of the swazi population are christian? END
START which religious belief is most prevelant in swaziland? END
START what amount of swazi christians are roman catholic? END
START who is the anglican bishop of swaziland? END
START how many jewish families are there in swaziland? END
START what country makes up 83% of africa's christians? END
START what protestant denominations make up 20% of the population? END
START what catholic rite  makes up 40% of the population? END
START how many hindu families are there? END
START of pregnant women, how many are believed to be infected with hiv? END
START who was the prime minister of swaziland in 2004? END
START what does unaids consider universal access to hiv/aids treatment? END
START what percentage of hiv/aids infected in swaziland are believed to be treated? END
START what is the rate of mortality for those with tuberculosis in swaziland? END
START what crisis began in 2004? END
START what percentage of women have hiv? END
START who declared a humanitarian crisis in africa? END
START what has the life expectancy risen to since 2000? END
START what age attends pre-school in swaziland? END
START what percentage of children of age for preschool have access to education in swaziland? END
START in reference to education in swaziland, hat is an ncp otherwise known as? END
START what is does ecce refer to in the swazi educational system? END
START where do 5 year-olds attend primary school at? END
START what percentage of preschool children do not have acess to early education? END
START what percentage of children have acess to primary school at ncps? END
START how many years does a student spend in secondary and high school in swaziland? END
START for how many years is a swazi student in junior secondary school? END
START what is the ecos within the swazi education system? END
START what do students finishing senior secondary school get? END
START what institution does the accreditation for the igcse in swaziland? END
START what education system is divided into 3 years? END
START what is the name of the private axamination taken at the end of junior secondary? END
START who determines if students can go to senior secondary? END
START what private examination do students sit for at the end of senior secondary? END
START the university of swaziland, southern nazarene university, offer higher learning in swaziland, what is one other university? END
START where can one find the limkoking university of creative technology? END
START what is the capital of swaziland? END
START where in swaziland is the good shepherd hospital? END
START what nursing school does the good shepherd hospital contain? END
START what are the 3 schools that offer a university education on the continent? END
START what campus can be found in the capital? END
START what is the nursing and teaching college? END
START what is siteki the capital of? END
START which school is the main location for technical education in swaziland? END
START what types of education does the swaziland college of technology offer? END
START what is the location of the gwamile vocational and commercial training institute? END
START there is an educational facility in manzini within swaziland known by the acronym mitc, what does it stand for? END
START what university offers technical training? END
START what types of education will the swaziland college of of technology when it becomes a university? END
START what is the name of the commercial trainning institute in manzini? END
START what training center is located in siteki? END
START in terms of education in swaziland what does the acronym simpa represent? END
START in swaziland, what is simpa? END
START in which locations is the institute of development management? END
START what service does the idm provide? END
START in what year was the mananga management centre founded? END
START when was the simpa established? END
START what development and management istitute is privatly owned? END
START in swaziland, what is kwetfwasa? END
START what is a sangoma in swaziland? END
START why might one want to discover when consulting a sangoma in swaziland? END
START how does a sangoma in swaziland communicate? END
START what is kushaya ematsambo used for? END
START who is chosen by their chiefdom? END
START what ceremony involves the whole village? END
START who puts their patients in a trance? END
START what is thrown to cure the sick? END
START what is the most widely known event in swazi culture? END
START how long is the umhlanga reed dance? END
START during what time of year is the umhlanga reed dance? END
START what individuals can take part in the umhlanga reed dance? END
START as it relates to girls, what is the purpose of the umhlanga reed dance? END
START what is swazilands oldest cultural event? END
START who cuts reeds and then dances for their mothers? END
START who's daughter becomes the induna? END
START what fosters loyalty to the queen mother? END
START until what date was swaziland bound by umchwasho? END
START what occurs during the custom of umchwaso in swaziland? END
START who became bound by umchwaso in swaziland? END
START from where did the reed dance originate? END
START what would the end of umchwasho be marked with? END
START what is an ancient ceremony? END
START who pays a fine to a girls parents if she becomes pregnant? END
START what was first practiced in 2005? END
START who preformed labour for the chieften? END
START what latin word does the english word translation come from? END
START what languages use equivalents of the english term "translation" that come from the same latin source? END
START what does latin's traducere mean in english? END
START slavic and germanic languages also use a similar loanword from what source? END
START what does the dutch word "vertaling" roughly translate to? END
START what french word does the english word translation come from? END
START what languages use equivalents of the german term "translation" that come from the same latin source? END
START what does russia's traducere mean in english? END
START what does the american word "vertaling" roughly translate to? END
START what language is always derived from latin? END
START how much has translation changed since antiquity? END
START what kind of diversity has the practice of translation had? END
START when were there some extreme metaphrasers? END
START what have general been prudent about? END
START for crucial values, what type of values do translators use where possible? END
START how much has translation stayed the same since antiquity? END
START what kind of segregation has the practice of translation had? END
START when were there some minor metaphrasers? END
START what have translators generally been awful at doing? END
START what type of values do translators avoid where possible? END
START what have translators tried to preserve? END
START how do translators preserve context? END
START what is it sometimes necessary to reinterpret when translating? END
START what is the active voice sometimes shifted to when needed? END
START what are the syntax characteristics of a text's source language adjusted to for a target language? END
START what have translators tried to get rid of? END
START how do translators obfuscate context? END
START what is it sometimes unnecessary to reinterpret when translating? END
START what is the active voice never shifted to when needed? END
START a greater ratio of metaphrase to paraphrase can be used translating when there as been greater what between languages? END
START what is a common etymology sometimes misleading as? END
START what does the french "actuel" mean in english? END
START how would you convey that something is "presently of importance" in swedish? END
START to indicate something is feasible in polish, what word could be used? END
START what is a common etymology sometimes clarified as? END
START what does the german "actuel" mean in english? END
START how would you convey that something is "presently of importance" in hebrew? END
START what word can't be used to indicate something is impossible in polish? END
START what never exists between two different languages? END
START how long has a translator's part in bridging values between cultures been discussed? END
START what did terence adapt from the greek's? END
START a translator's role is less like a robot and more like a what? END
START where was the concept of parallel creation found? END
START who remarked about alexander pope playing homer on a flageolet? END
START how long has a translator's part in bridging values between cultures been avoided? END
START what did terence destroy from the greek's? END
START what is a translator's role never like? END
START where was the concept of parallel creation lost? END
START who remained silent about alexander pope playing homer on a flageolet? END
START when it comes to translation, what is less commonly used today? END
START when do earlier approaches to translation still have relevance for historians? END
START what do historians try to piece together from pre-western environments? END
START what do chinese and related translations retain unique to their tradition? END
START when it comes to translation what is illegally used today? END
START when do earlier approaches to translation lose relevance for historians? END
START what do historians try to take apart from pre-western environments? END
START what do chinese and related translations have none of for their tradition? END
START when did translation of material into arabic begin to increase? END
START what allowed the expansion of arabic translations during the 5th century? END
START what material was initial arab translations primarily focused on? END
START what cultures' classical works were later translated into arabic? END
START what type of translation drew heavily on earlier near eastern traditions? END
START when did translation of material into arabic begin to stop? END
START what allowed the reduction of arabic translations during the 5th century? END
START what material was initial arab translations rarely focused on? END
START what cultures' classical works were never translated into arabic? END
START what type of translation had no influence from earlier near eastern traditions? END
START why are arabic translation efforts important to western translation traditions? END
START when did europeans begin more intense studying of arabic translations of classical works? END
START what did arabic, and to a less extent persian, become to europeans? END
START what helped revitalize western translation traditions from arabic? END
START what would western traditions eventually do? END
START why are arabic translation efforts pointless to western translation traditions? END
START when did europeans begin less intense studying of arabic translations of classical works? END
START who never studied arabic and persian translations? END
START what helped ruin western translation traditions from arabic? END
START what would western traditions eventually avoid? END
START what transformed arabic languages? END
START what came to be valued over previous convolutions? END
START who expressed skepticism regarding the transformation of arabic? END
START what was legitimate knowledge no longer defined by? END
START what was a neologism expressing the introduction of new ideas via translation? END
START what kept arabic languages the same? END
START what came to be hated over previous convolutions? END
START who expressed hostility regarding the transformation of arabic? END
START what was fake knowledge no longer defined by? END
START what was not considered a neologism expressing the introduction of new ideas via translation? END
START what two countries divvied up the middle east's countries after wwi? END
START what was the dividing up of the middle eastern countries in violation of? END
START a reaction to britain and france's actions was the emergence of what group in egypt? END
START de bellaigne attributed the growth of islamism and militarism to what western catalyst? END
START what did the aspirations of the muslim world's translators find themselves yielding to? END
START what two countries abandoned middle east's countries after wwi? END
START what was the merging of middle eastern countries in violation of? END
START what group's emergence in egypt was a punishment to britain and korea's actions? END
START what did the aspirations of the muslim world's translators find themselves immune to? END
START who was not interested in being a translator? END
START where do many non-transparent translation theories delve for concepts? END
START what nationality was friedrich schleiermacher? END
START when did schleiermacher publish his lecture "on the different methods of translation"? END
START moving the writer toward the reader would be an example of what type of translation method? END
START what method of translation did schleiermacher favor? END
START where do no non-transparent translation theories delve for concepts? END
START what nationality was friedrich schleiermacher afraid of? END
START when did schleiermacher erase his lecture "on the different methods of translation"? END
START what type of translation method would moving the writer away from the reader be an example of? END
START what method of translation did schleiermacher dislike? END
START what is sometimes used to check the accuracy of a translation? END
START how are mathematical operations checked? END
START what operations are results from not always completely reliable? END
START what symbol set has a defining property of ambiguity? END
START what symbol set has the property of being intentionally unequivocal? END
START what is no longer used to check the accuracy of a translation? END
START how are mathematical operations ignored? END
START what operations are always reliable? END
START what symbol set has no defining property of ambiguity? END
START what symbol set has the property of being unintentionally unequivocal? END
START who provided a humorous example of the unreliability of back-translation?  END
START for what language did twain create a back-translation? END
START when was twain's back-translation published? END
START what include a synopsized adaptation of twain's story? END
START what had been thought for a while to be an independent ancient greek precursor to twain's story? END
START who provided a boring example of the unreliability of back-translation? END
START what language did twain remove a back-translation? END
START when was twain's back-translation rejected? END
START what lacked a synopsized adaptation of twain's story? END
START what had been thought for a while to be a dependent ancient roman precursor to twain's story? END
START what do researchers use back-translation to try to reconstruct when a document survives only in translation? END
START who was jan potocki? END
START what language was the saragossa manuscript originally written in? END
START when had edmund chojecki translated portions of the saragossa manuscript into polish from french? END
START what fragments were the complete saragossa manuscripts now produced based on? END
START what do researchers use back-translation to try to destroy when a document survives only in translation? END
START who was jan potocki related to? END
START when had edmund chojecki translated portions of the saragossa manuscript into polish from japanese? END
START what has served as a school of writing for many authors? END
START who spread buddhist texts in east asia? END
START what did translators shape in the course of their work? END
START what have translators acted as by conveying knowledge between cultures? END
START where were idioms and vocabulary imported from? END
START what has served as an enemy of writing for many authors? END
START who spread buddhist texts in south america? END
START what did translators lose in the course of their work? END
START what have translators acted as by conveying ignorance between cultures? END
START where were idioms and vocabulary hidden from? END
START what roles have interpreters occasionally played in history? END
START what region did la malinche hail from? END
START where were the slave-traders la malinche was sold or given to from? END
START what was la malinche essential to? END
START in addition to being an interpreter and adviser, what function did la malinche serve for hernán cortés? END
START what roles have interpreters occasionally lied about in history? END
START what region did la malinche refuse to visit? END
START where were the slave-traders la malinche stole? END
START what was la malinche not involved with? END
START what type of translation is favored by those wanting more accurate translations? END
START what reputation does machine translations have? END
START what type of translation is still the most accurate and reliable? END
START because of crowdsourcing, what type of translation are agencies able to provide? END
START who purchases the services of translation agencies? END
START what type of translation is disliked by those wanting more accurate translations? END
START what reputation does machine translations lose? END
START what type of translation is still never accurate and reliable? END
START what type of translation are agencies unable to provide? END
START who hides the services of translation agencies? END
START unedited machine translation will miss what crucial aspect of human language? END
START what does it take a person to be able to do? END
START what can even translations completely done by a human still be prone to? END
START how must machine translations be transformed by a human? END
START what crucial aspect of human language will be missed from edited alien translation? END
START what does it take an animal to be able to do? END
START what can translations completely done by a human not be prone to? END
START how must machine translations be transformed by a robot? END
START where did buddhism spread? END
START buddhism's spread led to what large-scale effort? END
START how long did the translation effort take? END
START what empire was especially good at translation? END
START what were the tanguts able to do in only decades that took the chinese centuries? END
START where did buddhism end? END
START what small-scale effort was led to by the spread of buddhism? END
START how long did the translation effort stop? END
START what empire was not good at translation? END
START what were the tanguts not able to do that took the chinese centuries? END
START who attempted a large-scale effort at translation? END
START what did the arabs create arabic versions of? END
START when were some of the arabic translations of earlier sentences translated into latin? END
START what is schola traductorum in english? END
START latin translations indirectly advanced whose science and culture? END
START who attempted no effort at translation? END
START what did the arabs destroy arabic versions of? END
START when were some of the arabic translations of earlier sentences removed from latin? END
START what is schola traductorum not considered in english? END
START whose science and culture did latin translations indirectly harm? END
START what was the first great english translation? END
START when was the wycliffe bible translated? END
START when did the age of great english prose translation begin? END
START what adaptation of arthurian romances took so many liberties with the source material that it could hardly be called a translation? END
START the tyndale new testament was one of the first great translations from what style? END
START what was the last great german translation? END
START when was the wycliffe bible burned? END
START when did the age of great english prose translation stop? END
START what adaptation of arthurian romances took no liberties with the source material? END
START whose court did pletho arrive in and begin a new period of translation in renaissance italy? END
START what title did georgius gemistus pletho carry? END
START when did constantinople fall to the turks? END
START who undertook translating plato's works to latin? END
START what did religious beliefs depend upon when it came to plato, aristotle and jesus? END
START whose court did pletho buy and begin a new period of translation in renaissance italy? END
START what title did georgius gemistus pletho lose status as? END
START when did constantinople defeat the turks? END
START who couldn't translate plato's works to latin? END
START what did scientific beliefs depend upon when it came to plato, aristotle and jesus? END
START what was the guiding ideal of translators throughout the 18th century? END
START if a translator didn't understand something in a text or thought it too boring to present to readers, what did they do with it? END
START what did translators of this time assume was better than the actual text they were translating? END
START how much did the translators care about scholarship? END
START what did james macpherson "translate" from? END
START what was the guiding ideal of translators throughout the 14th century? END
START what did translators of this time assume was worse than the actual text they were translating? END
START how much did the translators avoid scholarship? END
START what did james macpherson never "translate" from? END
START what new standards of translation came with the 19th century? END
START who observed that the policy became "the text, the whole text, and nothing but the text"? END
START what sort of passages were still left out of the supposed "whole" text? END
START what did the victorians aim to remind the reader of their translations? END
START how did the translation of rubaiyat achieve an oriental flavor? END
START what banned standards of translation came with the 19th century? END
START who ignored that the policy became "the text, the whole text, and nothing but the text"? END
START what sort of passages were left in the supposed "whole" text? END
START what did the victorians aim to remind the writer of in their translations? END
START how did the translation of rubaiyat disregard an oriental flavor? END
START what is the translation of text that is sung closely linked to? END
START what is most vocal music set to in western tradition? END
START what type of forms does popular music tend to retain? END
START what type of example an be found of translating poetry for singing? END
START who translated german chorales into english? END
START what is the translation of text that is sung never linked to? END
START what is all vocal music set to in western tradition? END
START what forms does popular music tend to refrain from? END
START what type of example can not be found of translating poetry for singing? END
START who translated chinese chorales into english? END
START how is translation of sung texts different than translations of poetry? END
START why is the translation of sung texts more restrictive? END
START what places a great challenge on someone trying to translate music from one language to another? END
START how can a syllable be added or deleted in prose sung texts? END
START how is translation of sung texts the exact same as translations of poetry? END
START why is the translation of sung texts not restrictive? END
START what places a great challenge on someone trying to translate writing from one language to another? END
START how can a syllable be forbidden from prose sung texts? END
START who can translations of a sung text aid? END
START what type of familiar translation may be seen during an opera? END
START what do professional and amateur singers often sing? END
START translations help singers unfamiliar with a language do what? END
START who can translations of a sung text harm? END
START what type of familiar translation is restricted during an opera? END
START what do professional and amateur singers never sing? END
START what do translations help singers familiar with a language do? END
START what kind of text is not allowed to have a translation? END
START what is one of the first known instances of translation in the west? END
START when was the old testament translated into greek? END
START why is the translation of the old testament into greek known as the septuagint? END
START how did each translator of the bible work in alexandria? END
START according to myth, what property did all seventy versions of the bible have? END
START what is one of the worst unknown instances of translation in the west? END
START when was the old testament illegal in greek? END
START why is the translation of the new testament into greek known as the septuagint? END
START how did each translator of the bible die in alexandria? END
START what property did all seventy versions of the bible lack being? END
START during the protestant reformation, what local languages was the bible translated into? END
START disparities between versions of crucial words and passages in versions of the bible contributed to what split? END
START biblical translations have caused lasting effects on what? END
START who translated the bible to german? END
START what does the fact of the king james only movement demonstrate? END
START what local languages was the bible translated into during the contestant reformation? END
START what union did similarities between versions of crucial words and passages in versions of the bible contribute to? END
START what have biblical translations had no lasting effects on? END
START who banned the bible in german? END
START what does the fact of the king james only movement ignore? END
START what is an aerodome with facilities for flights to take off and land? END
START what is an aerially accessible open space that includes at least one active surface such as a runway or a helipad? END
START what is an airport? END
START what is the definition of a control tower? END
START what do larger control towers have? END
START what is an example of the area around a utility building? END
START what is an example of an airport apron? END
START what is the definition of a helipad? END
START what do airports use to assure smooth traffic flow between departing and arriving aircraft? END
START what is an important concern in the operation of an airport? END
START what describes most automated weather stations at an airport? END
START what do all pilots use? END
START what is available to help air traffic control with flights? END
START what does an air traffic control system also use? END
START what is an important concern for pilots? END
START how many commercial airports did the british airports authority originally operate? END
START what group took over the british airports authority in 2006? END
START what group manages the frankfurt airport? END
START who operates, through joint ventures, indira gandhi international airport? END
START when was the airports authority of india privatized? END
START in what year was the airports authority of india taken over by the spanish ferrovial consortium? END
START how many commercial airports does fraport in the uk manage? END
START how many airports did fraport manage originally in the uk? END
START what happened to fraport when it was taken over by the spanish ferrovial consortium? END
START airports are divided into what two areas? END
START what do landside areas include? END
START what do airside areas include? END
START where can passengers purchase tickets? END
START what is the waiting area which provide passengers access to aircraft? END
START what are two areas that luggage claim is divided into? END
START how is access between parking lots and access roads treated? END
START where do passengers on access roads access public transportation? END
START where can you board a train through gates? END
START what is another name for taxiways? END
START most major airports provide commercial outlets for what? END
START where are most of these companies located in an airport? END
START some of these companies include what type of businesses? END
START are prices at these outlets generally higher or lower than street prices? END
START what do most restaurants provide? END
START what do restaurants do to keep prices low? END
START what does boutique management do to make sure their prices aren't too high? END
START how much are items outside of the aiport compared to discounted prices at boutiques inside the airport? END
START where are companies with discounted prices located in an airport? END
START what are some services that are offered by vip services? END
START these services are usually reserved for what class of passengers? END
START what type of services are sometimes open to passengers who are members of a different airline's frequent flyer program? END
START what do rival airlines offer to customers? END
START what are first and business class services? END
START what are two groups that are usually in the frequent flyer program? END
START what services are always available to passengers who fly with more than one airline? END
START where does an airline want to attract regular passengers from? END
START for seamless connection of multimodal transport, where are many large airports located? END
START what does mbta stand for? END
START it is also common to connect an airport and a city with what? END
START what are many cities located close to? END
START what commonly connects a city with a departure loop? END
START what is an example of an arrival loop? END
START what does a departure loop help do? END
START what does seattle allow access to the airtrain through? END
START it is common for airports to provide moving walkways and what? END
START what airport has a tram that takes people through the concourses and baggage claim? END
START name one airport that offers inter-terminal transportation. END
START how far is the distance passengers need to move between buses? END
START what airport has a bus that takes people through concourses and baggage claim? END
START what is it common for airports with a tram to offer? END
START how is the domestic building of terminal 1 connected at the hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport? END
START what airport offers a moving walkway to baggage claim? END
START what is generally agreed to be the world's oldest continually operating airfield? END
START in what year was the college park airport established? END
START who established the college park airport? END
START how many passengers does the minneapolis-saint paul international airport serve each year? END
START in what year did rome ciampino airport open? END
START when was bisbee-douglas international airport founded by wilbur wright? END
START who declared college park airport the first international airport of the americas? END
START in what year was college park airport declared the first international airport of the americas? END
START during what period did pearson field airport in vancouver serve as an american military field? END
START how many passengers does the college park airport serve each year? END
START following the war, why did some military airfields add civil facilities? END
START which airport near paris was one of the first to add civil facilities for handling passenger traffic? END
START what was the first airport to operate scheduled international commercial services? END
START when did the hounslow heath aerodrome begin to operate scheduled international commercial services? END
START what did airports use to permit night flying as well as landing heavier aircraft? END
START when was the paris - le bourget airport first opened? END
START what was the paris - le bourget airport replaced by? END
START when did houndlow heath aerodrome replace croydon airport? END
START when was croydon airport opened in flughafen devau? END
START what was used at military airfields in 1919? END
START when was the first lighting used on an airport? END
START when did approach lighting come into use? END
START what indicated the proper direction and angle of descent? END
START when was the slope-line approach system introduced? END
START what consisted of two rows of lights that formed a funnel, indicating an aircraft's position on the glidescope? END
START when was the first  lighting with flash intervals used on an airplane? END
START what was standardized by airports in the 1920's? END
START what did the flash interval system consist of? END
START what do light colors indicate on an aircraft? END
START what group standardized additional indication lights? END
START why did airport construction boom during the 1960s? END
START how far were runways extended out? END
START what was constructed out of reinforced concrete? END
START when were jet bridge systems introduced to modern airport terminals? END
START in what year was there a boom in jet bridge systems? END
START how far were jet bridge systems extended to? END
START when was using reinforced concrete a common practice in the us? END
START what did airport construction eliminate in the 1970's? END
START what were jet bridge systems made of? END
START what does atc stand for? END
START atc responsibilities are usually divided into how many main areas? END
START what describes most clearance delivery systems? END
START what does a clearance delivery system do at an airport? END
START what does apron control offer in busy airports? END
START how are clearance delivery responsibilities divided? END
START how does apron control direct aircraft? END
START what is responsible for directing all ground traffic in designated areas? END
START who instructs vehicles on which taxiways to use? END
START when a plane is ready to take off, who takes over the direction of a plane? END
START when is control turned back over to ground control? END
START what are stair trucks responsible for? END
START what are two things ground control instructs tower control to do? END
START when a plane is ready to take off what does it do before being turned over to ground control? END
START when a plane lands what does it do before returning to tower control? END
START what are some examples of ground traffic tower control directs in designated areas? END
START who controls aircraft on the runway? END
START who controls aircraft in the controlled airspace immediately surrounding the airport? END
START tower controllers use what to locate an aircraft's position in three-dimensional space? END
START why should aircraft that is only passing through an airspace contact tower control? END
START what is controlled by the pilot? END
START what does the airport use to locate an aircraft? END
START what does the pilot coordinate in the traffic pattern? END
START who must contact the other pilot when passing through airspace? END
START what does a pilot do when there is more than one plane in the air? END
START what is a traffic pattern often called outside of the u.s.? END
START what assures smooth traffic flow between departing and arriving aircraft? END
START due to this, the overall traffic planning tend to assure landing queues are avoided. END
START what is a traffic pattern called at smaller airfields? END
START what does a traffic circuit do at smaller airfields? END
START what is there no need for when following the glidepath? END
START due to what does traffic planning assure that following the glidepath is avoided? END
START what is it like for aircraft landing at small airfields as fast as possible while following the glidepath? END
START traffic patterns are usually flown at what altitude above ground level? END
START what does agl stand for? END
START are standard traffic patterns right-handed or left-handed? END
START what is one of the main reasons pilots sit on the left side of the airplane? END
START at what altitude are atc patterns flown to avoid mountains? END
START why are runway designs left-handed? END
START what does the runway consist of? END
START what does improving visibilitiy by using a right handed pattern do for the atc? END
START what does usually using a right-handed pattern as standard help pilots do? END
START at an extremely large airport, what is in place but not usually used? END
START what is the frequency called that is used by departing aircraft for the purpose of requesting approach clearance? END
START which aircraft request approach clearance while they are still hours away from the airport? END
START what do aircraft use instead of requesting approach clearance at very large airports? END
START when do large aircraft request to use a circuit? END
START what does a circuit allow an aircraft to do without having to worry about other aircraft? END
START how has the advanced circuit system helped pilots? END
START what kind of aircraft request to use a circuit when they are still hours from the airport? END
START what helps pilots fly the approach for landing? END
START what does vasi stand for? END
START what does vor stand for? END
START what helps pilots find the direction to the airport? END
START what instruments do pilots use to find the runway and fly the correct approach, even if they cannot see the ground? END
START how does distance measuring equipment (dme) help a pilot land? END
START what also goes along with the vasi? END
START what determines the distance to the vasi? END
START where are dme's also located to help aircraft naviagte? END
START what is increasing based on the use of vor? END
START on runways, what indicate the beginning of the runway for landing? END
START on runways, what indicate the end of the runway? END
START what indicates the edge of a runway? END
START what may low-traffic airports use to save electricity and staffing costs? END
START what does als stand for? END
START what does runway edge lighting indicate for landing? END
START what marks the end of the als at low-traffic airports? END
START what does using an als help save? END
START what does pilot controlled lighting consist of? END
START what do red lights down the the center of the runway indicate? END
START what includes debris and nesting birds? END
START what is one part of runway maintenance that helps maintain friction levels? END
START in adverse weather conditions, what can be used to improve traction on the landing strip? END
START what is one hazard to nesting birds? END
START what helps maintain environmental conditions? END
START why must the field be kept clear of nesting birds? END
START what helps improve traction on airfield rubber? END
START for what kind of aircraft is deicing fluid sprayed on the airfield? END
START what pulls the aircraft to one of the airbridges? END
START what keeps the electricity running in the plane when it stands at the terminal? END
START the passengers disembark using what? END
START what can give the ground crew more clearance after the aircraft lands? END
START how long should it take for an aircraft to be off the airport and in the air? END
START what do engines generate when planes are standing at the terminal? END
START where do the ground crew disembark from? END
START what does the ground crew use the skybridge to bring in after its pushed on one of the tractor dollies? END
START what pulls an airbridge to the aircraft? END
START when should the ground crew be done removing luggage? END
START an airfield is also referred to as what? END
START what provides basing and support of military aircraft? END
START where is raf brize norton located? END
START where is bardufoss air station located? END
START where is pune airport located? END
START what is a terminal also referred to as? END
START what does a terminal provide? END
START what kind of passengers do the pune airport in the uk cater to? END
START what does the raf brize norton in india share with a civilian airport? END
START where do prune airport's tristar flights go to? END
START what is the title of the film where a man becomes permanently grounded in an airport terminal? END
START when was the movie airport made? END
START when was the movie final destination released? END
START in what year was the langoliers made? END
START what movie is about a man who is trapped in a race to an airport terminal from 1970? END
START what tv shows have surviving on food and shelter provided by an airport a main theme? END
START why did good will hunting use a certain airport as an image of survival in 2000? END
START in what year was get shorty released? END
START landside, where can filming take place? END
START what are the only airside locations where filming is allowed? END
START what can not be undertaken n security, at immigration/customs or in baggage reclaim? END
START how do most passengers feel about filming? END
START what must you pay to film in baggage reclaim? END
START what visitor locations permit filming with a fee? END
START what must all visitors do when there is filming in landside areas? END
START what must you do to film in security, at immigration/customs and baggage reclaim? END
START what year was kievan rus became a territory? END
START who was the ruler at the begining of kievan? END
START who achieve the first major expansion of kievan? END
START which ruler introduced christianity in kievan rus? END
START what did yaroslav sons achieve  during his time in keivan rus? END
START what years did prince oleg reign? END
START which way did prince oleg extend his rule? END
START who achieved the first minor expansion of kievan? END
START which ruler introduced islam in kievan rus? END
START what did yaroslav daughters achieve during his time keivan rus? END
START when was the term kievan rus first coined? END
START when did the term kievan rus first appear in english? END
START who first translated the term kievan rus into english from russian? END
START what was invented in the 19th century? END
START when did the term kievan rus first appear in russia? END
START who first wrote the term kievan rus into english from russian? END
START what type of cities were also known as rus? END
START who populated the area between the baltic sea and the black sea before kievan rus? END
START where were the limen slavs located before kievan rus? END
START where was the finnic chud tripe located curing this time period? END
START which tribe resided in the south? END
START which lands were primarily populated by western slavic tribes? END
START where were the limen slavs located after kievan rus? END
START who occupied the headwaters of the east dvina? END
START which tribe resided in the northwest? END
START which tribe resided in the southeast? END
START what controversy currently surrounds the rus? END
START what were the "rus" accourding to the "normanist"? END
START what did the russians beleive the rus were? END
START which controversy surrounded the rus in the past? END
START what certainty was largely to contemporary sources/ END
START what did the russian believe the rus were not? END
START what account was written in the 1200's? END
START who formed a majority of the elite ruling class? END
START which early traveler provided an early description of the rus? END
START what did ahmad say about the rus when he described clothing? END
START which historian refered to the rus as "scythians"? END
START which late traveler provided a description of the rus? END
START what covered the majority of the rus's body? END
START which scientist is refered to the rus as "scythians'? END
START what arab historian refered to the rus as "scythians'? END
START what did the rus adopt that was roman? END
START which two groups were divided inn the territories of the east slavs? END
START in what year did the varangians impose tribute from the slavic and finnic? END
START in what year did the slavic and finnic tribes rebel againts the varangians? END
START which two groups were divided between the territories of the west slavs? END
START what was written in the 9th century? END
START what year did the slavic and finnic tribes join the varagians? END
START who did the finnic and slavic tribes offer tribute to in 862? END
START what year did the varangians begin to rule the innic and slavic tribes? END
START what were the names of the three brothers that rulled novgotod, beloozero, and izborsk? END
START whoch of the three brothers become the sole ruller over all three of the teritories? END
START what was the name of the small city on the hill that was discovered by rurik's men? END
START what were the names of the three sisters that ruled novgorod, beloozero, and izborsk? END
START which of the three sisters became the sole ruler over all three of the territories? END
START which two sisters died? END
START what was the name of the large city on the hill that was discovered by rurik's men? END
START what two women asked for permission to go to tsargrad? END
START between what years did askold and dir continued to attack kiev? END
START what did the attack between rus and byzantines lead to? END
START wat was the purpose of the patriarch when they were sent north? END
START what was written in 863? END
START what years did askold and dir make peace with kiev? END
START what was was the purpose of the patriarch when they were sent south? END
START what did type of devastation did patriarch photius write about the suburbs? END
START who immediately attacked the city? END
START when did ruik past away? END
START when rurik past away, who took over? END
START who declared kiev "the mother of rus citis'? END
START what year did oleg conquer the drevlians? END
START who died in the 800's? END
START who killed rrik and claimed his kingdom? END
START who wrote that kiev was "the mother of rus cities"? END
START who did oleg conquer in the 800's? END
START who peaceably asked the drevlians for a fur tribute? END
START why did the kievan state prosper? END
START how many trade routes did the kievan state control? END
START which route was a central post in kiev? END
START what other means of pay when purchasing items may have been in place? END
START what made the kievan state deteriorate? END
START how many minor trade routes did the kievan state control? END
START what was moved north on a network of rivers and short portages along the dnieper? END
START what was the hub in the north-south overland trade route? END
START what led to constant problems with the khazars? END
START which area did the khazars rule over? END
START who were allies with the khazars? END
START who were common enimies to both the khazars and byzantine empire? END
START what led to intermittent problems for the khazars? END
START who had rapid expand to the north? END
START which area did the khazars relinquish? END
START who ruled the black sea steppe during the 800's? END
START who were the common allies to both the khazarsand the byzantine empire? END
START what did the byzantine empire use to expand its political influence? END
START what teritory did the byzantine empire hit first with their political beliefs?  END
START what did the byzantines help the khazars with? END
START what was established in the 800's? END
START what was written in 830? END
START what was being protected in the 800's? END
START what did the byzantines refuse to help the khazars with? END
START what served as a minor diplomatic link with the khazars and others? END
START what led to khazar having to put more strain on its military? END
START who led the war on dniester and dnieper? END
START what year were the magyars and pechenges drug into the war? END
START what year did the rus raid baku, gilan,mazandaran, and caucasus? END
START what led to khazar having to put less strain on its military? END
START who waged a decisive war in 890? END
START who had a peaceful alliance with the byzantines and bulgarian empires? END
START who arranged for magyars to attack bulgarian territory to the south? END
START who was forced to migrate further east? END
START around what time did the khazars unable to no longer command tribute from volga? END
START who did the byzantium ally with against the khazar's? END
START what did the pechenges trade with the rus? END
START who was able to command tribute in the 10th century? END
START whose relationship with khazars improved? END
START what was written in 915? END
START what did the pechenges refuse to trade with the rus? END
START who was making peace with the rus in 920? END
START in what year did the rus attack constantinople? END
START what had prince rastislav requested? END
START what did cyril and mehodius come up with to help with the issue of the slaves not having a written language? END
START in what year did the rus accept a bishop? END
START who sent missionaries south? END
START who had a written language? END
START who wrote the glagolitic alphabet in 863? END
START what year was the byzantine cultural influence spread? END
START what year did rus accept a pope? END
START when did the relations between the rus and byzantines start to become more complicated? END
START what were the primary concerns the rus and byzantines had with oleg? END
START when did the rus attack the constantinole once again? END
START what was not depended upon for the wealth and income of rus? END
START what did constantine porphyrogentus write about concerning the princes of kiev? END
START what was written about rus in 907? END
START what years was the military prowess and shrewdness of oleg glorified? END
START what known document tells of the death of oleg? END
START what was prophesised by a sorcerer involving oleg's death? END
START what does oleg do to his horse? END
START who succeeded oleg in 913? END
START what known document tells the birth of oleg? END
START what year did oleg die? END
START who conquered and killed oleg? END
START who dies in the 913? END
START what year did igot led a rus attack on constantinople? END
START how large was the fleet that attacked the bithynian coast along with the pecheneg allies? END
START why did the attack by the rus go so well on the coast at the start? END
START what did the emperor of byzatine do to some of the old retired ships to help fight the rus? END
START what year did oleg make peace with constantinople? END
START how many sailing ships attacked the bithyian coast? END
START why id the attack by the rus go so poorly on the coast at the start? END
START how was the large group of retired ships outfitted? END
START what year was the rus fleet defeated? END
START where did igor get warriors from after returning to kiev after being drivin out by the byzatines? END
START when did the rus return to byzatine seeking revenge? END
START in what year was the peace treaty signed between the rus,  byzantine and the bulgarians. END
START what was igor not keen on? END
START who dismantled a large force of warriors among the slav and pecheneg? END
START what year did the rus force retreat again? END
START what did the rus reject from the emperor? END
START what year did the rus defeat the byzantines the the bulgarians? END
START when did prince igor past away? END
START who ruled in prince oleg's place following his death? END
START in what year did sviatoslav take over as leader? END
START where did sviatoslav move the capital to? END
START when was rus marked by rapid expansion? END
START what year did sviatoslav's mother convert? END
START what was consolidated in functioning empire? END
START what year was sviatoslav's empire consolidated? END
START what year did sviatoslav pass away? END
START how long did the region of kiev dominate the state of the rus? END
START what years did vladimir the great reign as leader? END
START when was the title of grand duke introduced? END
START what was not recognized after the death of sviatoslav? END
START what year was the struggle between vladimir the great and yaropolk i? END
START what region was not dominated by the state of kievan rus? END
START where did the grand king if kiev control? END
START what territory was vladimar prince of before his father died? END
START in 976, where did vladimir have to flee to? END
START when did the christianization of kievan begin? END
START who did vladimir marry that was the sister of the byzantine emperor? END
START where did vladimir live in the 900s? END
START what year did yaropolk take control of scandinavia? END
START what year did vladimir reconquer novgorod? END
START who accepted islam because it prohibited consumption of alcohol? END
START what year did vladimir marry princess anna? END
START what was considered too be kiev's most important route for trade? END
START what language did the church write  the liturgy in? END
START what did this literature help with that was written in cyrillic? END
START why did vladimir chose western christianity? END
START what was considered the least important route for trade? END
START what language were the corpus of translations translated into? END
START what did the literature that was written in cyrillic not help with? END
START what did the west slavs develop? END
START what was yaroslav also known as? END
START who was yaroslav's father? END
START in what year did yaroslav become the prince of kiev? END
START what was yaroslav nor known as? END
START who did not struggle for power with his brothers? END
START who was the daughter of vladimir the great? END
START what was yaroslav not eager to improve? END
START what year did yaroslav's sons develop the kiev pechersk lavra? END
START what was the name of the un-conventional system that was implemented? END
START what did the rota system do? END
START what was often deployed when trying to gain power? END
START what was the name of the conventional system that was implemented? END
START what did the rota system not do? END
START what was not deployed when trying to gain power? END
START who developed familicide? END
START who improved relations between the olegovichi and monomakhs? END
START what immediately occurred after yarsolav the wise past away? END
START who was fighting for tmutarakan following yarsolav's death? END
START what country did the fleeing grand prince run off to? END
START where did the first federal council of rus take place in 1097? END
START what did not cause a conflict of power? END
START who did not contest the power of the grand prince? END
START what country did the grand prince avoid? END
START what year did the grand prince return to establish order? END
START what played a major role in the decline of the rus? END
START what terriroty did the trade from the varangians to the greeks route mainly go through? END
START which terrirory was the main power in this trade relatinship? END
START what played a minor rule in the decline of the rus? END
START who was not a major trading partner of kievan rus? END
START what territory did the trade fro varagians to the greeks mainly avoid? END
START what was not a major cornerstone of kiev wealth and prosperity? END
START who was a minor power and minor initiator? END
START who was the last ruller to keep the region united? END
START when did mstislav die? END
START when did the kievan state break up into twelve seperate principalities? END
START who was the first ruler to keep the region united? END
START what year did mstislav the great unit the region? END
START when did the kievan state unit? END
START what became less fragmented? END
START what helped speed up the decline of the kievan rus? END
START in what year did the crusade sack constantinople? END
START what group was attacking the the baltic region in 1204? END
START what helped restore the kievam rus? END
START what year did the kievan rus go into decline? END
START what group united the baltic region in 1204? END
START what helped the keep the local orthodox christianity of kievan rus? END
START why was the republic of novgorod doing so well while the kievan rus declined? END
START what happened to novgorod when kievan rus began to decline? END
START in what year did novgorod aquire its own archbishop? END
START what prospered in the south? END
START why was the republic of novogorod doing so poorly? END
START what year did novgorod assign its own archbishop? END
START what was a sign of decreased important and political independence? END
START when was novgorad established as a democrat form of government?  END
START the slavs from kievan would eventually settle in the north east of the region, what would this region later become? END
START what was the name of the oldest city in the north east? END
START in what year did the mongol invasion begin? END
START how did the slavs form the grand duchy of moscow in the southeast? END
START what is the youngest centre in the southeast? END
START what city did prince andrey bogolyuskiy sack in the 12th century? END
START who did not take the title of grand prince? END
START when did vladimir-suzdal assert itself as a minor power? END
START which neighbors did halych develop trade relations with? END
START who united the two previously separated principalities? END
START in what year did mstislavich defeat the kiev? END
START who became metropolitan in 1370? END
START which neighbors did halych not develop trade relations with? END
START who did not unit the two principalities? END
START who did not conquer kiev in 1202? END
START when did prince daniil rule? END
START what did the patriarch of the western orthodox church grant? END
START how did the leader of kiev gain political control? END
START from what did this new princedom emerge from? END
START what type of government came from the coalition of traditional patriachic family? END
START what caused the decline of kiev political power? END
START what emerged from a traditional matriarchal family communes? END
START why did the patriarchic family communes not band together? END
START what became smaller with am emphasis on family holdings? END
START which two groups dominated the society of kievan rus? END
START what was severely lacking in kievan in the 12th century? END
START what was the group called that owed labour duty to the princes? END
START which two groups did not dominate societyof kievan rus? END
START who did not receive income and land from the princes? END
START what was not lacking in kievan in the 12th century? END
START what was the group called that did not owe labour duty to the princes? END
START what was widespread in eastern europe? END
START what eventually led to the creation of the peasant/smerdy class? END
START when did wages on the manors develop? END
START what were the smerdy initially given in the kievian law code? END
START what lead to the eventual destruction of the peasant/smerdy class? END
START who were the free landed people that worked by labouring for wages? END
START who was not given equality in the kievian law code? END
START who was theoretically not equal to the prince? END
START who began to slowly gain their rights and become more equal in the eyes of the law? END
START despite being much smaller than wester europe, what they known for being? END
START what could you find in novgorod that you couldn't in most other cities? END
START what were some of the rights women had during this time period? END
START what area was sparsely populated compared to northern europe? END
START despite being larger than western europe, what was kievan rus known for being? END
START what couldn't you find in novgoroad that was available in most other cities? END
START who did not confine punishment to fines and used capital punishment? END
START what rights were denied to women? END
START to which dynasty did yarolav's step mother belong to? END
START which three countried did yaroslav's daughters become queens of? END
START who did yaroslav's sons marry? END
START what did not play an important role in european politics? END
START whose stepmother did not belong to a macedonian dynasty? END
START who was not the greatest ruler of byzantium? END
START which countries did yaroslav's sons become kings of? END
START who did yaroslav's sons not marry? END
START how early did the relationship begin between the pecheneg and the rus? END
START what did the pecheneg frequesntly do over the span of two centuries? END
START what year did the pechenges attack the city of kiev? END
START whichgroup was known to support the pecheneges in their military efforts? END
START how late did the relationship between the pecheneg and the rus begin? END
START what did the pecheneg frequently not do over the span of two centuries? END
START what did not escalate in full scale wars? END
START what year did the pecheneg war begin? END
START what year did pechenegs make peace with the city of kiev? END
START although uncertian, who is considered to be the first head of kiev? END
START who was considered to be the first bishop of the church of the titches? END
START what year was the creation of the kiev metropolis? END
START who was the last bishop of the churchof tiches? END
START who was the leader of the church of the kiev metropolis? END
START who was confirmed to be the first metropolitan to be confirmed in the 10th century? END
START how many dioceses were there in the 10th century? END
START when was the snes released in the us? END
START where was the snes first released? END
START what was the snes called in japan? END
START what was the snes called in south korea? END
START when was the snes released in australia? END
START what did south korea develop that was released in 1992? END
START what is the regional lockout form in austrailasia? END
START what is another name for the super comboy in north america? END
START what is the definition of the hepburn released in brazil in 1990? END
START what company developed the super comboy in brazil in 1990? END
START what was nec's competitor to the nes called in japan? END
START what was sega's competitor to the nes called in japan? END
START what was nec's competitor to the nes called in the us? END
START what was sega's competitor to the nes called in the us? END
START what were the genesis's advantages over the nes? END
START what did sega release in 1987? END
START what did nec home electronics release in 1988? END
START what was launched in north america in 1987? END
START how was the 8-bit nes an improvement? END
START how long did it take the family computer to be successful? END
START who designed both the nes and snes? END
START how much in yen did the super famicom cost in japan? END
START how much in dollars did the super famicom cost in japan? END
START how many super famicoms were produced in the first run? END
START what criminal group plotted to steal super famicoms? END
START what did the japanese government release in japan on november 21, 1990? END
START how many units were stolen by the yakuza? END
START how much did the original famicom cost in japan? END
START after the original famicom sold out, what did the japanese government do? END
START what event happened after the yakuza noticed the sale of the original famicom? END
START how much did the snes cost in the us? END
START how much did the snes cost in the uk? END
START when was the snes released in the uk? END
START when was the snes released in brazil? END
START which company distributed the snes in brazil? END
START what was a redesign of the super nes? END
START how much did the super famicom cost in germany? END
START how much did the playtronic cost in the uk and ireland? END
START what kind of design did the playtronic super nes use in ireland? END
START what venture released the super famicom in brazil in 1991? END
START what market did the genesis target? END
START how much sooner than the genesis did the street fighter ii game come out for snes? END
START how much of the us 16-bit console market did the genesis have in summer 1992? END
START what game was key to the snes's success? END
START how many snes units were sold in the us overall? END
START how many units did sega sell in the us? END
START according to a 1992 report by sega, how did the consoles sell in the us? END
START how did sega position the nes? END
START what kind of game titles did the snes have? END
START what did donkey kong country do for video game history? END
START what was nintendo's limit on games per developer per year on the nes? END
START what alternate name did konami use to get around nintendo's yearly limit? END
START for how many years did nintendo require exclusivity on nes games? END
START which competitor caused nintendo to end its restrictions on game developers? END
START which developer began releasing games for both nes and sega in 1991? END
START what kind of control did sega maintain during the nes era? END
START how many games were released per year by square? END
START what practice did competition from capcom end? END
START what did nintendo do in 1991? END
START what did sega have to approve during the konami era? END
START how did nintendo rank submitted games? END
START what game first challenged nintendo's anti-violence policy? END
START when was mortal kombat released in arcades? END
START which game console had a full-gore version of mortal kombat? END
START how much did the genesis version of mortal kombat out-sell the snes version? END
START how did genesis rank submitted titles? END
START what was the policy of genesis about games? END
START when was mortal kombat submitted to nintendo? END
START by how much did the snes version outsell the genesis one? END
START what were the features that included gore in the snes version? END
START which senators held a hearing about video game violence in 1993? END
START what was the focus of the hearing about video game violence in 1993? END
START what organizations did the hearing about video game violence in 1993 lead to? END
START what regulatory change did the hearing about video game violence in 1993 lead to? END
START how did video game ratings affect nintendo? END
START how did game players affect nintendo's policy? END
START what did the digital software association investigate in 1993? END
START what position did senator joe lieberman take on the issue? END
START how successful was senator herb kohl during the hearing? END
START what organizations were created due to nintendo taking the high ground? END
START which company developed donkey kong country? END
START when was donkey kong country released? END
START what kind of computers were donkey kong country's graphics rendered on? END
START how many copies of donkey kong country were sold in its first 45 days? END
START how did donkey kong country's quality compare to games on newer consoles? END
START what was nintendo moving on to? END
START when did nintendo release donkey kong country? END
START how many copies of donkey kong country were sold in november 1994? END
START what was the quality of donkey cong country compared to games on rare consoles? END
START what message did sgi workstations send to rare about games? END
START how much did the sns-101 cost in the us? END
START what game was bundled with the sns-101? END
START what features were removed in the sns-101? END
START what redesigned console was released in japan at the time of the sns-101? END
START when was the sns-101 released in the us? END
START how much did the super famicom jr. cost in north america? END
START what was missing from the super famicom jr.? END
START what did the nes-101 model include? END
START when was the nes-101 released in japan? END
START how many new releases were offered for the super famicom jr.? END
START how were adapters used to get around pal region restrictions? END
START how was hardware modification used to get around pal region restrictions? END
START what problem did the hardware modification cause with later games? END
START what does having a cartridge in the console prevent in north american consoles? END
START what had to be installed when adapters detect the locked console? END
START how were lockout chips used to get around pal restrictions? END
START what did adapters with later consoles detect that caused a problem with modification? END
START what kind of machines have the same adapters? END
START what video frequency does ntsc use? END
START what video frequency does pal use? END
START how much slower do games run on pal consoles than ntsc due to frequency differences? END
START what hardware modification could be made to the snes to support game speed differences? END
START what video standard do ppu cartridges use? END
START what video standard to later games operate at? END
START how much slower are games on ppu consoles than pal due to incompatibility? END
START what do snes consoles face when facing a 20% speedup?  END
START what does ntsc higher resolution result in? END
START what color is the snes? END
START who designed the north american snes? END
START what was barr's job? END
START what color were the north american snes's buttons? END
START what color were the japanese super famicom jr.'s buttons? END
START what does the japanese super famicom have that is longer than the european and american versions? END
START what color are all versions of the super famicom jr.? END
START what was placed on the console because of the curved surface of the nes? END
START what color were the buttons for the sns-100 version from japan? END
START what does the flat surface of the redesigned snes invite people to do? END
START how is the snes's slot positioned? END
START what connection types did multi out support? END
START how many pins did the snes expansion port have? END
START what output type was the only one directly supported on the sns-101? END
START what other nintendo systems used multi out? END
START what do all versions have for expansion ports? END
START why does the multi out connector differ between regions? END
START how many pins were on the rf modulator? END
START what two systems later used a channel selection switch? END
START what can all models output that requires them to have an external modulator for rf? END
START what material is the snes case made of? END
START what chemical process turned some snes cases yellow? END
START what mixture error in the plastic caused some snes cases to turn yellow? END
START how can snes yellowing sometimes be reversed? END
START why would some sneses be only partly yellow? END
START what color did affected consoles become after exposure to uv light? END
START what are flame retarding additives susceptible to? END
START what does hydrogen peroxide inside the cases cause if they came from different batches of plastic? END
START what does the light color of additives help restore to a console? END
START what is caused due to an incorrect mixture of a hydrogen peroxide solution during manufacturing? END
START what are snes game cartridges officially called in the us? END
START what are snes game cartridges officially called in japan? END
START how much data space can an snes cartridge use? END
START what were the largest snes games? END
START how much data do the smallest snes games use? END
START what is referred to as cassette in western regions? END
START what is referred to as game pak in japan? END
START how much rom data do talesof phantasia and star ocean have as the smallest games released? END
START what mappings do most game pak support in japan? END
START how many mbit of fastrom are contained in games from latin america? END
START what face buttons do snes controllers have that nes controllers didn't? END
START how many shoulder buttons do snes controllers have? END
START who designed the snes controllers? END
START what color are the us snes controllers' x and y buttons? END
START what color are the us snes controllers' a and b buttons? END
START what face buttons do nes controllers have that aren't on the snes controllers? END
START what was also designed by dreamcast? END
START what consoles controller designs are inspired by the japanese system logo? END
START what color are the shoulder buttons x and y in japan? END
START how many shoulder buttons are incorporated into the japanese system logo? END
START what game accessory was similar to the nes zapper? END
START what game accessory was similar to the nes advantage? END
START what game used the snes mouse? END
START what type of accessory was the super scope? END
START what game came with a baseball bat controller? END
START what was released that added to the hudson soft functionality? END
START what adjustable settings did the super scope have on its joystick? END
START what mulit player adapter did super scope release under its license from nintendo? END
START what was the batterup baseball bat similar to? END
START what game was the nes zapper released in conjunction with? END
START how did nintendo say an nes and snes could be used on the same tv? END
START which other game system's cartridges could be adapted to the snes? END
START what improvements did the super game boy have over the game boy? END
START where was the super game boy 2 released? END
START what did the super game boy 2 add? END
START in what country was the snes released? END
START what did the game boy add for multiplayer games? END
START what enhancements did the game boy have? END
START what allows game boy games to be played in japan? END
START what did super game boy never release for playing nes games on the snes? END
START what modem was available for the japanese snes? END
START what service did the satellaview connect to? END
START when did the satellaview begin operation? END
START when did the satellaview end operation? END
START what was the us equivalent of satellaview? END
START when did dial-up stop broadcasting in the us? END
START when did satellaview start broadcasting in the us? END
START what did users of xband do in japan? END
START what did an xband attach to on consoles in japan? END
START what kind of games were downloaded on xband  to compete in japan? END
START which companies did nintendo try to get to make a cd add-on for the snes? END
START what was philips' multimedia system? END
START what competing console did sony release after working with nintendo? END
START what was sega's cd add-on? END
START what did sony do to develop a cd rom  to compete with philips? END
START what was the name of sony's cd rom? END
START what happened to the deals made with sega? END
START what did sega develop after its first dealings with philips? END
START what was sega's multimedia player? END
START what did nintendo consider emulators? END
START what is the term for a software product abandoned by its owners? END
START what device allows backing up snes games? END
START what is the term for homemade software? END
START what did owners of the respective game consider emulators? END
START what status did discontinued image files have? END
START what did nintendo do under abandonware status via the retrode? END
START what were emulation supporters against regarding files? END
START what other system did supporters of snes emulation also take the same stance with? END
START what smartphones have snes emulators? END
START what portable game systems have snes emulators? END
START what was nintendo's first approved emulator? END
START what was android's first official emulator? END
START what have been included with emulators on playstation portable? END
START what smartphones have gamecube emulators? END
START what game systems are officially sanctioned by gamecube to include emulators? END
START what is the gp2x a port of on the wii? END
START which publication said nintendo's best console ever was the snes? END
START which writer said the snes was the best console ever from any company? END
START where did gametrailers rank the snes among all consoles? END
START who said the snes was "simply the most timeless system ever created"? END
START where did ign rank the snes? END
START why did gametrailers name the snes second-best console of all time in 2008? END
START what did will greenwald proclaim about the playstation in 2009? END
START who said the playstation was simply the most timeless system ever created? END
START why did big n. technology rate the playstation fifth of ten? END
START in 2007 how did gamingexcellence rate the nes? END
START some scholars contest that there was only one what? END
START who do some scholars think the sumerian language originally belonged to? END
START where did the original sumerians live? END
START what culture did the peoples who would be called sumerian have a part in? END
START when were the earliest historical records of sumer? END
START what language is believed to have started among nomadic people? END
START what people lived in river region of arabia? END
START who was king in the 2600's bc? END
START who believes the sumerians lived in the area of modern persia? END
START how long was there native sumerian rule during the third dynasty of ur? END
START when was the third dynasty of ur? END
START what language was in use in the neo-sumerian empire? END
START what is considered to be the world's first city? END
START how many cultures may have fused together in eridu? END
START what empire was followed by native sumerian rule? END
START what dynasty was in power from the 21st to the 20th century bc? END
START what was the worlds first settlement? END
START how many cultures could be found in arabia at the time? END
START what is the common name given to the non-semitic dwellers of mesopotamia by the akkadians? END
START what did the sumerians refer to themselves as in their language? END
START how did the sumerians refer to their land? END
START shumer, an akkadian word, could reference what type of name? END
START what compass point of mesopotamia did the hebrew shinar refer to? END
START what is the common name for the semitic people mesopotamia? END
START what were the semitic akkadians called? END
START what did the term shumer lead to? END
START during what periods did the sumerican city-states rise to power? END
START what is obscure until the early dynastic iii period around the 23rd century bc? END
START what was developed that has allowed archaeologists to read contemporary records and inscriptions? END
START when does classical sumer end? END
START what cut short the sumerian renaissance in the 21st century bc? END
START what city-states declined during the ubaid and uruk periods? END
START what history goes back to 2700's bc? END
START what was obscure until 2300 bc? END
START what empire came to power in 2300 bc? END
START what dynasty lasted until the 17th century bc? END
START fine quality painted pottery is a distinctive style of what period in sumerian history? END
START where could the pottery be found spread throughout? END
START during the ubaid, where was the first settlement in southern mesopotamia established? END
START what type of agriculture did the farmers settling at eridu bring with them? END
START who was the chief god of eridu? END
START what period was marked by a decline in mesopotamian and persian fine art?  END
START what was established at eridu in the 53rd century bc? END
START what culture adopted and improved on irrigation agriculture? END
START what city became the new religious center after eridu? END
START what facilitated the rise of sumerian cities? END
START how were trade goods transported in southern mesopotamia? END
START how many people lived in the cities? END
START during which period did sumerian cities begin using slave labor? END
START what have been found as far east as central iran? END
START what period ranged from the 41st to the 29th century bc? END
START what was transported along the rovers and canals of northern mesopotamia? END
START who employed many laborers in the cities? END
START when did sumerians stop using slave labor? END
START what is an "ensi"? END
START what type of leadership did sumerian cities during the uruk period probably have? END
START who assisted the ensi? END
START what was the most urbanized city in the world at the time? END
START over how many people lived in uruk? END
START when were sumerian cities lead by a council of elders? END
START what was the sumerian political structure based on? END
START during what period did sumeria develop professional soldiers? END
START how many inhabitants did sumeria have during the uruk period? END
START what is the name of the earliest dynastic sumerian king? END
START what dynasty was etana the 13th king of? END
START who is the earliest king that is authenticated by actual physical evidence and not just legend? END
START where is enmebaragesi's name mentioned? END
START what is the period of enmebaragesi's reign associated with? END
START who is the first sumerian king? END
START who was the king during the last dynasty o kish? END
START who was king of kish in the 2600's bc? END
START what epic was about enmebaragesi? END
START what hero destroyed the walls of uruk? END
START what is one of the first empires known in history? END
START what city-state was the rival of lagash? END
START what did eannatum annex? END
START what did eannatum use to keep the people of the time in line? END
START what happened to eannatum's empire after his death? END
START what was the shortest empire in history? END
START what city was the ally of lagash? END
START what cities flocked to eannatum's empire? END
START who made lagash a tribute state? END
START where is the semetic akkadian language first found? END
START where is the semetic akkadian language found preserved after 2800 bc? END
START during whose rule was the use of old akkadian at its peak? END
START what language did scribes use over akkadian? END
START how long did akkadian and sumerian coexist as spoken languages? END
START what language was used only to make the king lists? END
START what language was used for the kings list in the 28th century bc? END
START what was written in the 25th century bc? END
START who's reign ended in the 22nd century bc? END
START what was a literary language by the 18th century bc? END
START which dynasty of ur was the last great sumerian renaissance? END
START who guided ur during the last gasp of power? END
START even during the 3rd dynasty, what was happening to the racial makeup of the region? END
START what was there an influx of waves of coming into sumerian lands? END
START how long did the babylonians and assyrians continue to teach the sumerian language in their schools? END
START when was the first sumerian renaissance? END
START during who's reign was the area becoming more sumerian than semitic? END
START where was the power of akkadian speaking semites declining? END
START what people where leaving the are  to form other powers? END
START who dominated northern mesopotamia in the 2100's? END
START what effect was rising salinity having on the agricultural productivity of the sumerian lands? END
START the salinity of what in the region was long recognized as a major problem? END
START poorly drained irrigated soils in an arid climate with a good deal of evaporation is responsible for leaving what? END
START what did cultivation shift from to salt-tolerant barley during the ur iii phase? END
START how much did the population of the region decline due to the decrease in crop productivity?  END
START what shifted from the north to the south of mesopotamia? END
START what was increasing agricultural productivity in the area? END
START what crop was more salt tolerant than barley? END
START what caused the population to decrease between the 21st and 17th century bc? END
START what weakened the areas where akkadian was spoken? END
START who were a non-semitic caucasoid people? END
START what influences did the sumerian language seem to retain? END
START what do archaeological records clearly show about the sumerian culture? END
START when were settlements started in southern mesopotamia? END
START why were the lands in the region the sumerian people settled fertile? END
START what people were semitic caucasoid? END
START what period began in the 53rd century? END
START where did people fish in the ubaid period? END
START where do some archaeologists speculate sumerians originally moved from? END
START what had the sumerians perfected before coming south? END
START who were the first to practice a primitive form of irrigation agriculture? END
START how many levels of pre-ubaid pottery were excavated by the french in the 1980s? END
START what did the temple-centered social organization of the farming peoples allow them to mobilize? END
START who perfected irrigation in the south of mesopotamia? END
START who moved from south mesopotamia to the north? END
START what cultural period began in the 57th century bc? END
START what type of agriculture was developed along the euphrates river? END
START how were women protected in sumerian society? END
START what gender dominated sumerian culture? END
START whose code reveals a bit about the societal structure through sumerian law? END
START who was at the top of the power pyramid in sumerian society? END
START how many strata existed in sumerian society? END
START who had higher status in other cultures that in sumeria? END
START who's code protected women above all others? END
START who was able to remarry whenever they chose? END
START what were the most important discoveries for archaeologists from sumer? END
START what is sumerian writing considered to be in the development of man's ability to create literature? END
START what followed cuneiform in writing? END
START how many texts in the sumerian language have survived to modern day? END
START what was the sumerian language used for long have their civilization had diminished?  END
START what are the oldest examples of writing? END
START what kind of picture writing followed cuneiform? END
START  were wedge shaped stones used to write on? END
START what type of ideogram writings have survived? END
START who were the only people who could write at the time? END
START why is the sumerian language usually thought of as a language isolate in linguistics? END
START akkadian's language can be traced to the semitic branch of what languages? END
START what has been the result of attempts to connect sumerian to other language groups? END
START what are morphemes? END
START in sumerian, what are morphemes added together to create? END
START why is akkadian an isolate language? END
START what are added together to make words in analytic languages? END
START what language has been proven to proceed sumerian? END
START how many cosmogenic myths does the religion of the sumerians appear to be founded upon? END
START what does one myth see creation as being the result of? END
START in the enuma elish, what is creation seen as the union of? END
START what were the titles given to the gate keeps of the e-abzu temple of enki? END
START who was the lady sacred mountain? END
START what influenced world religions? END
START what did the sumerian deities form? END
START what could sumerian gods be associated with? END
START what did the religious importance of city gods wax and wan with? END
START why did the gods create human beings from clay? END
START how could a citizen avoid their labor duty to their local temple? END
START what did each sumerian city have? END
START what changed with a particular gods popularity? END
START who made humans for their amusement? END
START who organized large building projects? END
START what were sumerian temples known as? END
START what was the central pond in the forecourt of a ziggurat for? END
START who were the rooms on either side of the aisles in the temple for? END
START what was the mudbrick table in the temple for? END
START where did the sumerians usually locate their granaries and storehouses? END
START what feature of temples provided fresh drinking water? END
START what was stored away from the temples? END
START what was a precursor to pyramids? END
START what type of afterlife could sumerians look forward to? END
START what realm was guarded by gateways containing various monsters? END
START where were dead sumerians buried? END
START who was queen puabi accompanied in death by? END
START what type of instrument are the sumerians thought to have invented to use at royal funerals? END
START when do the pictograms suggest sumerians had domesticated livestock? END
START what was the primary purpose of oxen for sumerians?  END
START what animal did sumerians use primary to facilitate transportation? END
START what might be found by the side of a sumerian house? END
START where were plants also grown besides the garden? END
START what animals were domesticated following the uruk period? END
START who used donkeys as beasts of burden? END
START who first grew plants in pots? END
START what writing form was invented by the sumerian? END
START what was sumerians one of the first societies known to consume? END
START what was the key ingredient in early sumerian brews? END
START what kinds of beer did the sumerians brew? END
START how important was beer brewing to sumerians? END
START what did enkidu become and do after consuming seven jugs of beer? END
START who invented beer? END
START what epic tells how to make beer? END
START what hero refused to drink beer? END
START how do archaeologists know about sumerian agricultural practices?  END
START when would farmers flood their fields? END
START why did the sumerian farmers make their oxen stomp the ground? END
START how many times did sumerian farmers plow, harrow and rake the ground? END
START the the ur iii period, what crop had sumerians switched to from wheat for their primary crop? END
START what people first wrote an almanac? END
START what was the name of the first almanac? END
START what did farmers flood just before the new year? END
START when did farmers switch from barley to wheat? END
START what does archibald sayce think early sumerian pictograms suggest about the availability of stone? END
START how did the sumerians fashion the stone they cut? END
START what was the ordinary building material of sumerians? END
START what kind of appearance did sumerian houses have? END
START what were the foundation stones of sumerian houses consecrated by? END
START what suggested that stone was common? END
START who claims stone was common in sumeria since it was used for seals? END
START where were towers built from stone? END
START what is the most impressive and famous style of sumerian buildings? END
START sumerians also built houses from reeds not very different from ones built by inhabitants in iraq as recently as when? END
START what development by the sumerians allowed them to make use of domes? END
START how did the sumerians build their strong domes? END
START where were the use of advanced materials and techniques on display in sumer? END
START what are the oldest examples of "sumerian buildings? END
START what type of seals were made with reeds? END
START what type of house was built until the 4th century ce? END
START who built reed houses until the 4th century ce? END
START what did the sumerians a complex system of around 4000 bc? END
START from the sumerian metrology sprang forth the creation of what disciplines?  END
START where did the sumerians put their multiplication tables? END
START when was the abacus first seen between? END
START what were the sumerians the first to do when it came to mathematics? END
START who developed  a complex system of metrology in the 4th century bc? END
START what type of math did the sumerians invent by the 26th century bc? END
START what tool was invented in the 27th century bc? END
START who invented the slide ruler? END
START what were the main types of loans in sumerian society? END
START what was trade credit backed by when extended by temples? END
START how man shekel per mina was the interest rate for loans? END
START for how long was the interest rate of sumerian loans consistent? END
START what typically arose as a result of unpaid obligations? END
START who extended personal credit to citizens? END
START what was set at 1/60 a month after 2000 bc? END
START who lent money to farmers to plant crops? END
START what type of debt did "clean slate" decrees cancel? END
START when did rulers typically proclaim "clean slate" decrees? END
START who made the first known clean slate decrees? END
START why were the clean slate decrees useful to the rulers of sumer? END
START what would happen if peasants couldn't repay their debts? END
START who some times cleared commercial debts? END
START what was it called when rulers cleared commercial debts? END
START who made a clean slate decree in the 24th century bc? END
START what contributed to developing military technology for sumer? END
START how many years were the sumerian city-states at war? END
START who was the first war between in 2525 bc? END
START what did the king of lagash's army mostly consist of? END
START what shape were the shields of the infantry of lagash? END
START when did evidence of wheeled vehicles appear throughout the world? END
START what form did wheels initially take? END
START the writing system of the sumerian's is the second oldest to have what done to it? END
START what did the sumerians map stars into? END
START how many planets were the sumerians aware of? END
START what type of vehicle was invented in 400 bc? END
START what  writing system predates heiroglphs? END
START what science was developed by greeks? END
START how many planets did the sumerians discover? END
START sumerians used number systems which included what alternating bases? END
START what type of number system was standard in sumer and babylonia? END
START what type of formations is it possible sumerians invented? END
START what systems did the sumerians develop which remain the first known these types to this day? END
START in sumerian society, who oversaw the operation of the first formal schools? END
START what system did sumerians borrow from babylonia? END
START what was being used for private purposes well before the 26th century bc? END
START what learning centers were established the temples? END
START who made the first laws? END
START what is the previous name of tuvalu? END
START in which ocean is tuvalu found? END
START between what land areas is tuvalu located? END
START according the the 2012 census, how many people live on the tuvalu islands? END
START what originally formed the tuvalu islands? END
START in what year was tuvalu discovered by a european? END
START who was the discoverer of tuvalu? END
START what land mass was de mendana actually seeking? END
START what was tuvalu named in 1819? END
START by what means did the british govern tuvalu? END
START how many years ago did migrations of people happen in the pacific area? END
START by what means did locale people travel between pacific islands? END
START how many islands are in the tuvalu group? END
START on how many of tuvalu's islands did people live? END
START what is the native language meaning of tuvalu? END
START what is the creation myth of tuvalu? END
START what does the flounder of the tuvalu myth represent? END
START what does the eel of the tuvalu creation myth represent? END
START from what land did the people of niutao believe they came? END
START from where did the people of the island of nanumea think they came? END
START what explorer traveled through the tuvalu islands in 1764? END
START what was captain byron doing when he visited tuvalu? END
START how did byron name the tuvalu islands? END
START which island of tuvalu was identified as the one that mourelle sailed past in 1781? END
START when were chronometers available for accurate location charting?  END
START when did arent schuyler de peyster visit tuvalu? END
START which of the tuvalu isalnds did de peyster see? END
START what name did de peyster give the tuvalu islands? END
START for whom did de peyster name ellice's island? END
START after findlay's charting how many islands of the group were named ellice? END
START in what years did peruvian ships seek laborers in the polynesian islands? END
START what was the name applied to the trade of dealing with labor hunters? END
START by what means did blackbirders often get islanders aboard their ships? END
START who was the earliest missionary to tuvalu? END
START when did murray report people missing because of blackbirders? END
START when did christianity arrive in tuvalu? END
START what church deacon was washed ashore on nukulaelae? END
START what missionary was the first european missionary to come to tuvalu? END
START of what nationality were most of the ministers of the church of tuvalu? END
START in what century did trading companies arrive in tuvalu? END
START what type of traders did the trading companies employ on tuvalu? END
START who was the first european to permanently settle on tuvalu? END
START which native did o'brien marry? END
START what trader turned author established a post on tuvalu? END
START what sea captain reported on the tuvalu trading in 1892? END
START what was the name of davis's ship? END
START what did palagi traders act as for the trading companies? END
START how many traders did some islands have? END
START what type of islands in the tuvalu group have few traders?  END
START what operational changes caused a decline in the numbers of palagi traders in tuvalu? END
START what type of traders did the pacific trading companies cease to use? END
START how did the trading companies begin to trade with islanders? END
START by what year were there no more palagi traders on tuvalu? END
START what is the term for a ship's cargo manager? END
START what writer visited the tuvalu islands in 1890? END
START when did robert louis stevenson sail on the ship janet nicoll? END
START what type of ship was the janet nicoll? END
START who recorded the trip aboard the janet nicoll? END
START what was the title of the travel book written by fanny vandegrift stevenson? END
START what are the boreholes on funafuti called? END
START what group conducted a study of coral on funafuti? END
START what formations was the royal society studying? END
START who's basic work in the area of coral reefs did the royal society's investigations follow? END
START what was darwin's work on coral reefs titled? END
START what naturalist was on the 1896 expedition to funafuti? END
START what type of objects did hedley collect on funafuti END
START for what purpose was funafuti used during the pacific war?  END
START what group occupied the gilbert islands? END
START what action delayed the japanese occupation of the gilbert islands? END
START from what time span were usn torpedo boats stationed at funafuti? END
START on what islet did us forces build a seaplane ramp? END
START in what year was ministerial government started in the gilbert and ellice islands? END
START what document was changed to cause a change in government? END
START when was a referendum held to determine the government of ellice? END
START what was the determination of the referendum? END
START what did the tuvaluan order 1976 recognize tuvalu to be? END
START when did tuvalu acquire independence? END
START what was formed in 1974? END
START after independence, what was the assembly on tuvalu  named?  END
START what type of parliament does tuvalu have? END
START in tuvalu government, what group elect the prime minster? END
START how many courts are there on tuvalu? END
START what is the name of the superior court of tuvalu? END
START what is the high court's right to determine? END
START what judge is the chief justice of the tuvalu high court? END
START to where can judgments be appealed? END
START in what group is tuvalu involved? END
START in which forum group is tuvalu a member? END
START in which british group is tuvalu a member? END
START to what world organization does tuvalu belong? END
START on what date did tuvalu join the pacific islands development forum? END
START what crisis is a major concern for tuvalu at the un? END
START in concert with global warming, what is tuvalu's other envirnmental priority?  END
START what agreement does tuvalu advocate ratification? END
START what did tuvalu call for from other nations concerning reduction of carbon emissions? END
START what does tuvalu feel its position to be in climate change? END
START of what alliance is tuvalu a member? END
START what is the aosis's main concern? END
START to what agreement has tuvalu committed? END
START what type of energy does the majuro declaration advocate? END
START by what means does tuvalu plan to produce 95% of its energy? END
START in what fishery group does tuvalu participate?  END
START of what fishery treaty is tuvalu a signatory? END
START what is the focus of the nauru agreement? END
START of what did tuvalu agree to the extension ? END
START what did tuvalu refuse to sell in 2015? END
START what trade agreement did tuvalu sign in 2013? END
START what does the memorandum concern? END
START what does the trade agreement encompass? END
START with what group does the  agreement form an alliance? END
START to whom does the facility seek to deliver aid? END
START what is the tuvalu high chief on each island called? END
START what is the name of the sub-chiefs in tuvalu? END
START what is the tuvaluan traditional assembly of elders? END
START what was the caste of priests in the past on tuvalu? END
START with what group do the falekaupule share power on tuvalu? END
START what was the argument against the deportation of a tuvaluan family from new zealand? END
START by what reason was the tuvaluan family allowed to immigrate? END
START what court ruled the claim of climate change refugee to be untenable? END
START what feature was missing in the climate change claims? END
START what document draws out the requirements of refugee status? END
START what is new zealand's annual quota of tuvaluan granted work permits? END
START what must a tuvaluan have to be considered for a work permit in new zealand? END
START how many pacific islander seasonal workers are permitted? END
START what is the program that allows season employees work permits? END
START what program was introduced in 2007 for season workers in new zealand? END
START besides english, what is the national language of tuvalu? END
START what is the language group of the tuvaluan language? END
START what other languages is the tuvaluan language related? END
START to what area's language is tuvaluan closely related? END
START from what language does tuvaluan borrow many linguistic traits? END
START what is the only hospital in tuvalu? END
START on which island in tuvalu is the hospital? END
START how many nurses does princess margaret have on staff? END
START what kind of nursing services do outer islands nurses provide? END
START how many nurses are provided to the outer islands? END
START what group funds the augmented foundation programme? END
START where is the augmented programme required for further education? END
START in what educational institution is the program found? END
START where is the extension centre for the usp? END
START which students go into the augmented foundation programme? END
START what is the required education for males on tuvalu? END
START how long are females required to go to school? END
START what was the literacy rate on tuvalu in 2002? END
START how many students were in tuvalu schools in 2010? END
START what si the teacher-student ratio for tuvalu schools? END
START what type of school has tuvalu set up on each atoll? END
START what from of education do community training centres provide? END
START for what have ctc students failed to qualify ? END
START besides children, who can take ctc  classes? END
START what kind of training classes are offered at ctc? END
START what were the traditional building materials on tuvalu? END
START what type of trees provided lumber for building on tuvalu? END
START what building material did coconut provide? END
START what construction feature was lacking in tuvaluan building? END
START from what was rope made for tying buildings together? END
START what sea creatures were used in traditional handicrafts? END
START in what item has tuvalu traditional design been produced? END
START what type of decorative items use traditional tuvalu designs? END
START for what  have objects having traditional design been used? END
START what traditional purpose are tuvalu designs still used? END
START what is the stable protein  of tuvalu? END
START what vegetable features in the tuvalu diet? END
START what kind of milk has been replaced with coconut milk on tuvalu? END
START what type of meat is eaten on tuvalu? END
START at what event is pork traditionally eaten on tuvalu? END
START what type of structure is the falekaupule? END
START besides meetings, for what other use is the meeting hall used? END
START aside from being defined as a meeting hall, what other definition does falekaupule have?  END
START what is the traditional use of the falekaupule? END
START what is the traditional customs and culture on tuvalu? END
START what is the traditional sport on tuvalu? END
START to what sport is kilikiti like? END
START what is the tuvalu version of volley ball? END
START what group disliked the traditional war-like sports of tuvalu? END
START with what equipment is ano played? END
START what athlete won tuvalu's first gold metal in competition?  END
START in which competition did lapua win a metal for tuvalu? END
START in what contests did lapua win  metals for tuvalu? END
START who won a gold metal at the pacific games? END
START in what type of competition did telupe losefa win in 2015? END
START what is a major annual sports event in tuvalu? END
START what is the most important sports event held on tuvalu? END
START in what year did tuvalu first appear in the commonwealth games? END
START what type of competitor entered the commonwealth games in 1998? END
START what competitions have tuvalu athletes entered in the world championships in athletics? END
START what was tuvalu's gdp rate from 1996 to 2002? END
START  what has been the gdp of tuvalu in 2008? END
START what rises in cost have effected tuvalu's domestic growth? END
START what has been the level of domestic growth in 2010 on tuvalu? END
START what does tuvalu expect as a return in fishing licenses and foreign aid? END
START what business provides banking services on tuvalu? END
START what percentage of the tuvalu workforce is in the public sector? END
START where are many of those who provide income to residents earning? END
START how do 15% of male tuvaluans earn their income? END
START what are the traditional forms of living employed by tuvaluans? END
START what school provides maritime education on tuvalu? END
START what is the yearly number of cadets at the maritime training institute? END
START what is the only trade union on tuvalu? END
START on what does the seaman'd union represent workers? END
START how many tuvaluan men are active seafarers? END
START how much money does tuvalu's tv domain name earn each year? END
START what si tuvalu's tv domain? END
START what company is managing tuvalu's tv domain? END
START how much of the total government revenue comes from the domain name? END
START what  income source does tuvalu earn from shipping? END
START what is the un developmental designation for tuvalu? END
START what organization sponsors an assistance program for least developed countries? END
START what did tuvalu do in 2013 in regards to it least developed country status? END
START what would tuvalu have lost as a developed country? END
START what type of problem does the current developed country rating not take into enough consideration? END
START what is the radio station on tuvalu? END
START from where does radio tuvalu broadcast? END
START who gave financial support to tuvalu to upgrade transmission equipment? END
START what did the new radio equipment replace with am service?  END
START what service got more bandwidth from the transmission upgrade? END
START where is tuvalu's only port? END
START where is there a deep water berth available on tuvalu? END
START of how many ships does the merchant marine fleet consist? END
START what ship did japan donate to tuvalu in 2015? END
START what do tuvalu's merchant fleet carry? END
START how many reef islands does the tuvalu group have? END
START what are the number of true atolls are in the tuvalu islands? END
START what is the total land area of tuvalu? END
START how does tuvalu rank in country size as compared to other nations? END
START what is the coverage of tuvalu's economic zone? END
START which of tuvalu's atolls is largest? END
START what type of island grouping is tuvalu? END
START what are the map coordinates fro tuvalu? END
START how species of creatures inhabit the tuvalu lagoon? END
START how many new species were were found in the tuvalu area that had not been previously recorded? END
START what specific ocean temperature conditions effect tuvalu? END
START which effect causes increases in sea storms like cyclones? END
START what temperature effect causes drought? END
START what is the usual amount of rainfall per month on tuvalu? END
START what did a drought in 2011 cause on funafuti? END
START what type of device did australia and new zealand offer to tuvalu during the 2011 drought? END
START as aprt of what program did japan fund a new desalination plant at tuvalu? END
START what did aid from the european union provide during the drought on tuvalu? END
START what did tuvalu's new water tanks make possible to store? END
START in what year had japan previously donated a desalination plant to tuvalu? END
START what is the modern name for the air field built during wwii? END
START what was damaged by building of the war time air field? END
START what has the pits from the tuvalu air runways construction  impacted? END
START what government funded the restoration of the borrow pits on tuvalu? END
START how much increase in land space did the filling of the borrow pits cause? END
START what percentage of the tuvalu coral has become bleached? END
START what increase caused by the el ninos is responsible for the coral bleaching? END
START what type of project has been started to rebuild the reefs at tuvalu? END
START what has been investigated as a means of rebuilding the reefs at tuvalu? END
START what is hoped will strengthen the tuvalu coast against sea level rise? END
START what has been formed to protect the fish stocks in tuvalu lagoon? END
START what factor has caused an increased demand for fish? END
START what has growth in population and poor sanitation caused? END
START what organization has funded a waste management control plan on tuvalu? END
START what do imports produce on tuvalu? END
START what type of desalination is used on funafuti? END
START how much water does the funafuti plant produce? END
START at what storage  point is r/o water production meant to be used? END
START what is the cost of r/o produced water? END
START what organization subsidizes the cost of water desalination? END
START when did the un ask tuvalu to come up with a plan to improve drinking water? END
START what did tuvalu develop as a safe water strategy? END
START what is the per person per day targeted use of water for tuvalu? END
START what organization called for tuvalu to  improve its water and sanitation systems? END
START what group ultimately sponsored the tuvalu water resources policy? END
START what geological situation makes tuvalu prone to storm damage? END
START to what climate change condition does tuvalu's low elevation make it susceptible? END
START what is the highest elevation on tuvalu? END
START where on tuvalu is the highest elevation? END
START where does tuvalu rank among other countries as to lowest elevation? END
START what cyclone badly damaged funafuti? END
START what islet was damaged by cyclone meli in 1979? END
START how many cyclones effected tuvalu during the 1996-97  cyclone season?  END
START what cyclone caused major damage to vegetation on all islands on tuvalu? END
START what was the first cyclone to strike tuvalu during the 1996-97 season? END
START what were the wave heights during cyclone pam on tuvalu? END
START in what year did cyclone pam strike tuvalu? END
START during cyclone pam which island had the most damage? END
START what percentage of tuvalu crops were destroyed during  cyclone pam? END
START the loss of what caused the vasafua islet to become  a sand bar due to cyclone pam? END
START what did the tuvalu government assess after cyclone pam? END
START what event on tuvalu made assistance to the population necessary? END
START what assistance did many international groups give to tuvalu? END
START for what action was government assistance necessary after the tuvalu cyclone?? END
START what subject is arguable concerning tuvalu? END
START what was the amount of sea level change on tuvalu estimated by the 2011 report? END
START what device was used to produce the measurements of sea level change on tuvalu? END
START prior to what year were the reports used to assess sea level rise? END
START what is assumed about the sea level reports and records of tuvalu? END
START what have the tuvalu atolls displayed about sea level rise? END
START what does gradual sea level rise allow for coral to increase? END
START what sea level rise rate could cause more uncertainty to the welfare of coral reefs?  END
START what condition besides sea level rise can damage coral reefs? END
START where does sand and coral debris end up because of the action of cyclones? END
START what do some people want to do with the people of tuvalu? END
START what did the tuvalu prime minster say was not enough of an immediate threat to cause evacuation of the population?  END
START when did prime minster maatia toafa make his comments about not evacuating tuvalu?  END
START what did enele sopoaga think evacuation of the people should be? END
