START what microsoft executive was in charge of 360 development? END
START what manufacturer was enlisted to design the 360's graphics processor? END
START where did peter moor work before being recruited to help on the 360? END
START original 360 alpha dev kits used what existing system's hardware? END
START what cpu did the 360 use? END
START where is the microsoft headquarters? END
START who replaced peter moore as the president of sega? END
START what were the names of the ibm employees that hid their work? END
START how many ati developers worked on the graphic processing unit? END
START what apple hardware did alpha kits use after the launch of the xbox 360? END
START the xbox 360 pro included what size hard drive storage? END
START what was the official name of the lower-priced 360 sku at launch? END
START the xbox 360 elite eventually launched at what price point? END
START the 360 pro's original storage was replaced by a hard drive of what size in 2008? END
START what did microsoft name the sku that replaced the 360 core? END
START what was the xbox 360 core package unofficially known as? END
START what was the media remote priced at in usd? END
START how much was the xbox 360 arcade? END
START when was the core package launched? END
START what replaced the arcade package? END
START how many titles did the 360 have at launch in north america? END
START what title was the console's best seller in 2005? END
START how many copies did halo 3 sell? END
START halo 3 was released in what year? END
START other than call of duty 2, how many games sold at least 1 million copies the first year of the 360? END
START what game was released in north america but not europe? END
START what year was saints row the best-selling game? END
START how many copies did ghost recon advanced warfighter sell in 2007? END
START when did gears of war overtake halo 3? END
START how many games sold over one million copies in 2007? END
START what 3 video formats did the 360 support natively at launch? END
START support for what video format was added in 2007? END
START how are music player controls accessed by 360 users? END
START what is one feature of 360 photo slide shows? END
START what did the 2007 update remove support for? END
START when was the visual synthesizer added? END
START which type of wmv videos do not work on the xbox 360? END
START how do gamers play videos while playing games? END
START what was the name of the non-subscription xbox online gaming service? END
START what was the "color" name given to the premium version of xbox live? END
START what key feature is not supported by the free version of live? END
START which popular gaming titles have their own online service outside xbox live? END
START voice support came online with what feature addition? END
START what was xbox live free renamed as? END
START what color is associated with xbox live arcade? END
START how long was voice support down after its launch? END
START what is an example of a game that does not support multiplayer online? END
START what game with its own subscription service cannot be played using live free? END
START what is the name of the 360's online service? END
START what is the name of the feature that allows users to download games from live? END
START what can people owning both a pc and 360 do? END
START what is the name of the 360's motion sensing camera peripheral? END
START the 360's multimedia capabilities transformed it from a game console to what? END
START what was the name of the orginal xbox's streaming service? END
START what service only offered subscription services? END
START what do pcs use to stream media? END
START what is the name of the additional hard drive storage? END
START what is the name of the feature that allows live users to play game demos? END
START what was the software attach rate in the us for the 360 by march of 2008? END
START what are two prominent 360 exclusive franchises? END
START why were early multi-platform games considered superior on the 360? END
START the 360 earned 38 nominations and 12 wins from what organization in 2007? END
START microsoft hoped to have how many titles available for the 360 by the end of 2008? END
START how many games were available for the xbox in 2007? END
START how many nominations did the ps3 receive? END
START how many awards did the wii win? END
START how many games did the average person in europe have for the ps3? END
START what ps3 exclusives launched in 2006 that the the xbox 360 did not have access to? END
START what hardware defect code plagued the 360? END
START what is the flashing indicator of a general hardware error known as? END
START how did microsoft react to general hardware error problems? END
START what other error code was eventually covered by this warranty extension? END
START where did users see the flashing light error codes display on their 360s? END
START how was the e74 error recognized? END
START how many quadrants lit up with the e74 error? END
START what is another name for the e74 error? END
START by how many years was the warranty extended in 2009? END
START when was the general hardware failure first discovered? END
START what online source called the 360 the 6th greatest console of all time in 2009? END
START techradar honored the 360 by calling it what? END
START what 360 peripheral was the fastest selling consumer electronic device in history? END
START according to pc magazine, the 360 created the prototype for what? END
START what magazine ranked the 360 as the second best console of the 1993-2013 period? END
START who declared kinect as the most influential console? END
START who ranked the ps3 as the second best console between 1993-2013? END
START what did ign compare halo to? END
START who claimed the importance of the xbox 360 was its exclusives? END
START how many consoles did edge compare? END
START why was the 360 considered a market success for microsoft? END
START what problem hurt nintendo's wii console? END
START the playstation 3 originally struggled for market share for what reasons? END
START what is the successor to the 360 called? END
START which console sold the most units in the seventh generation era? END
START what was the best selling console of the sixth gen? END
START what feature of the xbox 360 collapsed? END
START when did the playstation 3 debut? END
START what features caused wii u to struggle? END
START what playstation put pressure on the xbox one? END
START what was the original user interface for the 360 called? END
START who designed this user interface? END
START the simple dashboard could be accessed by pressing what controller button? END
START how many tabs were on the 360 dashboard interface? END
START the tabs on the user interface were called what? END
START how many blades did the simplified version on the guide have? END
START who designed xbox live messaging? END
START what were the five blades on the main dashboard? END
START what was the stylized name for the gamercard called? END
START what could not be launched if the console had a disc in it? END
START what was a classic title originally offered by the xbox live arcade? END
START what was a new, original title originally available from arcade? END
START what date did the xbox live arcade launch on? END
START when was arcade live relaunched with 360 support? END
START what is the name of the online virtual arcade that launched in 2010? END
START how much did the game zuma cost? END
START what playstation game was included in 2010? END
START what games were released as part of the game room? END
START how much was castlevania: symphony sold for? END
START when was xbox live arcade decommissioned? END
START at what conventions did microsoft announce iptv support through the 360? END
START which microsoft executive announced iptv as "soon" in 2007? END
START who was microsoft's president of entertainment & devices in 2008? END
START what uk company did microsoft partner with to bring iptv to the 360? END
START what microsoft executive announced the launch of version 2.0 of mediaroom? END
START who was the president of microsoft in 2009? END
START who is the ceo of bt? END
START where is the entertainment & devices branch located? END
START when were the dvr features made available? END
START when did iptv launch beyond its initial beta testers? END
START what xbox live service allows users to buy games and downloadable content? END
START which levels of xbox live membership may access the marketplace? END
START what hardware is required to use the marketplace? END
START what virtual currency is used to make marketplace purchases? END
START prepaid cards for microsoft points are available in what denominations? END
START the marketplace is only available to which level of xbox live? END
START how are hard drives or memory units purchased? END
START what is the average price of a game? END
START what percentage of users use prepaid cards? END
START microsoft points can be used to buy what for the dashboard? END
START what was the initial launch window of the 360 console? END
START what was one adverse condition that characterized early versions of the console? END
START what were the designations of the two redesigned 360 models and when did they come out? END
START as of june 2014, how many 360s across all skus have been sold worldwide? END
START when did the xbox one launch? END
START when did the new extension of the warranty expire? END
START how many xboxes were sold from 2005-2006? END
START what company ranked the xbox one as the most influential console of its generation? END
START what historical honor does the xbox one hold? END
START what were the names of the redesigned models of the xbox one? END
START what sales figure was the 360 the first console of its generation to surpass? END
START when did the 360 surrender its lead in total sales? END
START what console eventually passed the 360 in total sales? END
START during what 32-month later period was the 360 the best selling console? END
START when did the xbox achieve 10 million units sold? END
START how many consoles did wii sell in 2008? END
START for how many months was the wii the best-selling console? END
START who announced the wii in 2008? END
START how many units did the xbox 360 sell in canada in 2013? END
START what gaming console passed the wii in 2008? END
START besides online gaming and media distribution, what other feature made the 360 influential, according to techradar? END
START how many years after initial launch of the console was kinect released? END
START besides it's features, what did kinect do for the 360 in terms of sales? END
START what is kinect? END
START when was the xbox 360 deemed the most influential gaming system? END
START what console was the fastest selling in history? END
START who considered the kinect the most influential electronic device? END
START what did xbox 360 deemphasize? END
START the xbox brand turned away from multimedia to what? END
START how did microsoft describe kinect? END
START when was kinect first announced? END
START at what event was kinect announced? END
START what was the secret code name for kinect while in development? END
START how can users utilize the kinect to interact with their 360 consoles? END
START what was the codename for project natal? END
START what is robbie bach's position? END
START whose speech first introduced the kinect? END
START what prevents older models from working with the kinect? END
START where was the ces 2010 keynote speech? END
START how did microsoft modify the architecture of the 360 to reduce failure rates? END
START what was the root cause of hardware failures with the 360? END
START when the newer 360 s models have their power buttons flash red, it means? END
START how does the 360 s then react to an overheating situation? END
START how did microsoft attempt to deal with potential heat-related expansion with gpu and cpu components? END
START the second what was removed because of heating issues? END
START which two quadrants light up on the xbox 360 s to indicate overheating? END
START the third and first quadrant turn what two colors? END
START where was extra epoxy placed on the models before the s? END
START what warranty does the 360 s include? END
START what was the name of the 360's video store service? END
START when was this video service launched? END
START when do movies rented through this marketplace expire? END
START what resolution are videos sold through this service? END
START what sound standard is supported for the marketplace videos? END
START when was video marketplace released outside of the us? END
START after how many days do tv shows expire? END
START how long do users have to stream a film? END
START how many consoles can movies be transferred to? END
START what is the bitrate for the streamed short clips? END
START how did the original xbox fare in japan in general? END
START how many original xboxes were sold in japan between 2002 and 2005? END
START between 2005 and 2011, how many 360 consoles were sold in japan? END
START what two console manufacturers dominate the japanese market? END
START lackluster sales caused japanese retailers to take what action with the 360? END
START where did the xbox sell exceptionally well? END
START how many of the original xbox sell between 2005 and 2011? END
START how many units did sony sell in 202 through 2005? END
START what console, released in 2005, did sony create? END
START when did edge report sony sales were falling? END
START how many major hardware revisions has the 360 had? END
START by what other name is the 360 s model known? END
START which skus did the 360 s replace? END
START what component of the 360 s prevents overheating issues prevalent in prior versions? END
START what video input format is not supported by the 360 e? END
START what was the appearance of the arcade model? END
START what kind of case did the elite have? END
START how many usb ports did the s model have? END
START which video format does s not support? END
START what was the color of the s model case? END
START how many launch titles did the 360 have in japan? END
START what was the name of the japanese developer that strongly supported the 360? END
START what was mistwalker's first title for the 360? END
START blue dragon surpassed this sales figure in japan? END
START what was mistwalker's second 360 title to be released? END
START which developer created chromehounds? END
START how many game pre-orders did the console have in its first year? END
START how many copies of the phantasy star universe sold? END
START how many of the original six games available in japan surpassed 200,000? END
START when was mistwalker's second game released? END
START what pc operating system is required to stream content to a 360? END
START what modified av protocol does the 360 utilize? END
START what codecs are supported for 360 streaming from ushare? END
START what video formats are supported for upnp streaming? END
START a service pack 2 or higher prevents what? END
START what type of server does a windows xp have?  END
START what is mythtv part of? END
START which formats does upnp not support? END
START the service pack number needs to be lower than what to work with xbox 360? END
START what extra features do xbox live gold members get? END
START what information does microsoft allow users to retain when transitioning live subscriptions? END
START what does a user need to do to transfer a live account to the new system? END
START what is the annual cost of a live gold membership in usd? END
START how many users are subscribed to xbox live? END
START what do users provide to get a windows live id? END
START how many users does the free version of xbox live have? END
START what does the free version have that gold does not? END
START what did microsoft force previous subscribers to change? END
START how much does a windows live id cost in usd? END
START what hardware device was merged with the video marketplace? END
START where and when was the zune hd marketplace announced? END
START the zune video marketplace was merged with what live feature? END
START what was the new name of this live video store? END
START how many countries were slated for the zune marketplace launch? END
START how many countries was e3 held in? END
START what month was e3? END
START the xbox live video store is the merger of what two marketplaces? END
START merging the zune and xbox live stores affected the release of what product? END
START when was the zune hd set to be decommissioned? END
START when did wars between britain and france in north america start? END
START what was the most important north american conflict between france and britain called? END
START what french colony did great britain conquer in queen anne's war? END
START when was the final french and indian war fought? END
START what future american founding father fought in the french and indian war? END
START when did wars between china and france in north america start? END
START what was the most important south american conflict between france and britain called? END
START what french colony did great britain conquer outside of queen anne's war? END
START  when was the first french and indian war fought? END
START what future canadian founding father fought in the french and indian war? END
START what was the biggest war the us got involved with in the early 19th century? END
START what conflict caused britain to blockade trade? END
START what uprising did britain support in north america? END
START what country was the first the us ever declared war upon? END
START what was the initial us strategy in the war of 1812? END
START what was the smallest war the us got involved with in the early 19th century? END
START  what conflict caused france to blockade trade? END
START  what uprising did france support in north america? END
START  what country was the first the uk ever declared war upon? END
START  what was the initial canadian strategy in the war of 1812? END
START who was the secretary of war who modernized the us military at the beginning of the 20th century? END
START which military academy did root help grow? END
START what military advisement committee was established by root? END
START what officer rotation doctrine was developed under root's guidance? END
START what then-us protectorate did root write a government charter for? END
START who was the secretary of war who modernized the uk military at the beginning of the 20th century? END
START  which military academy did poot help grow? END
START  what military advisement committee was established by poot? END
START what officer rotation doctrine was undeveloped under root's guidance? END
START what then-uk protectorate did root write a government charter for? END
START when world war i started, what was the official us position? END
START when did world war i commence? END
START what german war policy precipitated us involvement in wwi? END
START what year did the us enter world war i? END
START the united states built its army prior to joining the war in what way? END
START when world war i started, what was the official uk position? END
START  when did world war ii commence? END
START  what german war policy precipitated us involvement in wwii? END
START  what year did the us enter world war ii? END
START  the uk built its army prior to joining the war in what way? END
START the vietnam war was an element of what us diplomatic policy? END
START communists were defeated in what country in 1972? END
START what term did critics of the vietnam war use to describe it? END
START when did the draft end? END
START which president ended the draft? END
START  the vietnam war was an element of what uk diplomatic policy? END
START  communists were defeated in what country in 1977? END
START  what term did critics of the chinese war use to describe it? END
START  when did the draft begin? END
START  which president began the draft? END
START how many nations were against iraq in the us-led coalition? END
START what precipitated the persian gulf war? END
START when did this precipitating event take place? END
START when did hostilities in the persian gulf war begin? END
START how many us veterans of the persian gulf war have been classed as permanently disabled? END
START how many nations were against iraq in the uk-led coalition? END
START  what precipitated the american gulf war? END
START  when did this precipitating event end? END
START  when did hostilities in the chinese gulf war begin? END
START  how many us veterans of the chinese gulf war have been classed as permanently disabled? END
START in what african country did us troops participate in peacekeeping operations? END
START what was the name of the somalian warlord who directed massacres of peacekeeping troops? END
START in what somalian city did american troops become trapped? END
START how many us soldiers were killed in the battle of mogadishu? END
START what is the title of the book and movie about the mogadishu uprising? END
START in what african country did uk troops participate in peacekeeping operations? END
START what was the name of the korean warlord who directed massacres of peacekeeping troops? END
START  in what somalian city did african troops become trapped? END
START  how many uk soldiers were killed in the battle of mogadishu? END
START what is the title of the song about the mogadishu uprising? END
START when did the us send troops to the philippines to battle terrorists? END
START terrorists in the philippines were linked to what larger terrorist organization? END
START where did anti-terrorist fighting take place? END
START how many troops did the us initially send to the philippines? END
START what was the name of the philippine terrorist group the us was sent to help combat?  END
START when did the uk send troops to the philippines to battle terrorists? END
START terrorists in the koreas were linked to what larger terrorist organization? END
START  where did terrorist fighting take place? END
START  how many troops did the us initially send to the koreas? END
START what was the name of the philippine terrorist group the uk was sent to help combat? END
START what battle ended a british invasion from canada in the revolutionary war? END
START when was the battle of saratoga fought? END
START what prussian expatriate helped train the continental army? END
START what two european countries entered the revolutionary war against britain? END
START what advantage did britain lose when the european countries entered the war? END
START what battle ended a british invasion from the us in the revolutionary war? END
START  when was the battle of sorotoga fought? END
START  what prussian expatriate helped not train the continental army? END
START  what two african countries entered the revolutionary war against britain? END
START what advantage did britain win when the european countries entered the war? END
START what was the us policy when france declared war on england in 1793? END
START what treaty with england conflicted with the united states' treaty of alliance with france? END
START where did us ships and french privateers fight between 1798 and 1800? END
START what us president negotiated a truce with france to end the undeclared war at sea? END
START when was the treaty of alliance with france signed?  END
START what was the uk policy when france declared war on england in 1793? END
START what treaty with ireland conflicted with the united states' treaty of alliance with france? END
START where did uk ships and french privateers fight between 1798 and 1800? END
START what us president negotiated a truce with ireland to end the undeclared war at sea? END
START  when was the treaty of alliance with france rejected? END
START what treaty ceded territory to the us extending west to the mississippi river? END
START what three major tribes occupied these formerly british territories? END
START when was the battle of wabash fought? END
START what was the decisive battle in the northwest territories against the native population there? END
START when was this deciding battle fought? END
START what treaty ceded territory to the uk extending west to the mississippi river? END
START what three major tribes occupied these formerly french territories? END
START  when was the battle of washburn fought? END
START what was the decisive battle in the southeast territories against the native population there? END
START  when was this deciding battle postponed? END
START what dividing line separated slave states from free states? END
START when was lincoln elected? END
START how did slave states react to lincoln's election? END
START what was the first state to formally secede? END
START when did confederate forces bombard fort sumter? END
START  what dividing line separated slave states from non-free states? END
START  when was lincoln kicked out? END
START  how did slave states react to lincoln's death? END
START when did confederate forces bombard fort pumter? END
START where did the american army fight the spanish in the spanish american war? END
START the army in this war was primarily made up of what sort of units? END
START what colonies did spain hand over to the us after the war? END
START what island territory voluntarily joined the us as a colony in 1898? END
START what is the name of the naval base the us leased from a newly independent cuba? END
START where did the american army fight the irish in the spanish american war? END
START  the army in this war was not primarily made up of what sort of units? END
START  what colonies did spain hand over to the uk after the war? END
START  what island territory voluntarily joined the uk as a colony in 1898? END
START what is the name of the naval base the uk leased from a newly independent cuba? END
START when was the philippine-american war fought? END
START where did the us defeat occupying spanish forces prior to the philippine american war? END
START who led american forces in this war? END
START how many troops did the us send to the philippines? END
START who was the rebel leader captured by us forces at the end of this war? END
START when was the philippine-african war fought? END
START  where did the us defeat occupying irish forces prior to the philippine american war? END
START  who led african forces in this war? END
START  how many troops did the uk send to the philippines? END
START who was the rebel leader captured by uk forces at the end of this war? END
START how many battleships did the us navy lose at pearl harbor? END
START how many americans were killed during the pearl harbor attack? END
START what term describes the overall us strategy in the pacific in wwii? END
START when did the allies invade north africa? END
START which two japanese cities were hit with atomic bombs? END
START how many battleships did the uk navy lose at pearl harbor? END
START  how many non-americans were killed during the pearl harbor attack? END
START what term describes the overall uk strategy in the pacific in wwii? END
START  when did the allies invade south africa? END
START  which two chinese cities were hit with atomic bombs? END
START what country supplied troops to north korea during the korean war? END
START what country supplied advisors, pilots, and war materiel to north korea? END
START what country was the principal ally of south korea during the war? END
START what organization did all combatants on both sides of the war belong to? END
START which two countries were the primary fighters for territory in the korean war? END
START what country supplied troops to south korea during the korean war? END
START what country supplied advisors, pilots, and war materiel to south korea? END
START  what country was the principal ally of north korea during the war? END
START what organization did all combatants on both sides of the war not belong to? END
START which two countries were the primary fighters for territory in the japanese war? END
START when did north korean forces initiate attacks on us and un forces in the korean war? END
START what south korean city did the us and rok forces defend while building reinforcements? END
START what type of attack was used on inchon? END
START chinese troops attacked the un forces when they crossed what river?  END
START what general was fired for defying president truman's containment strategy? END
START when did north korean forces initiate attacks on us and uk forces in the korean war? END
START what south korean city did the us and canadian forces defend while building reinforcements? END
START  what type of attack was used on pinchon? END
START chinese troops attacked the un forces when they crossed what ocean? END
START what general was fired for defying president trump's containment strategy? END
START what acronym was given to south vietnamese troops? END
START what acronym was given to north vietnamese army regulars? END
START by what name were fighters of the national liberation front known? END
START the vc operated in what geographic area? END
START the nva was aided by military and financial aid from what two countries? END
START  what acronym was given to north vietnamese troops? END
START  what acronym was given to north korean army regulars? END
START by what name were fighters of the national liberation back known? END
START  the vic operated in what geographic area? END
START he nva was aided by military and financial aid from what five countries? END
START what two northern vietnamese cities did the us avoid bombing at the outset of the war? END
START what was the major supply trail for the northern vietnamese forces? END
START what us commander's strategy caused a loss of public opinion in the us? END
START who helped orchestrate bombing campaigns in the vietnam war? END
START when did the us start bombing hanoi? END
START what two northern chinese cities did the us avoid bombing at the outset of the war? END
START  what was the minor supply trail for the northern vietnamese forces? END
START what us commander's strategy caused a loss of public opinion in the uk? END
START  who helped orchestrate bombing campaigns in the chinese war? END
START when did the uk start bombing hanoi? END
START when did fighting between palestinians and the lebanese begin? END
START when did us marines land in lebanon? END
START when did a suicide bomber successfully attack the marine barracks in lebanon? END
START how many marines were killed in the attack? END
START when did president reagan withdraw marines from lebanon? END
START  when did fighting between palestinians and the lebanese stop? END
START  when did uk marines land in lebanon? END
START when did a suicide bomber successfully attack the marine barracks in china? END
START  how many africans were killed in the attack? END
START  when did president bush withdraw marines from lebanon? END
START what is the main reason the us-led coalition won a decisive victory in the persian gulf war? END
START what faults in the iraqi forces led to their rapid defeat? END
START us airstrikes on iraqi air defenses and command and control facilities began when? END
START when did us ground forces attack iraqi positions? END
START who ordered iraqi forces to hold their ground despite air bombardments? END
START what is the main reason the uk-led coalition won a decisive victory in the persian gulf war? END
START what faults in the iranian forces led to their rapid defeat? END
START us airstrikes on iranian air defenses and command and control facilities began when? END
START  when did uk ground forces attack iraqi positions? END
START who ordered iranian forces to hold their ground despite air bombardments? END
START how long did ground combat operations last in the persian gulf war? END
START who ordered the cease-fire that effectively ended hostilities? END
START what did some us politicians think coalition forces should have been allowed to have done? END
START coalition nations did what with regards to invading northern iraq to precipitate the cease fire? END
START why did coalition nations fear the removal of hussein from power? END
START how long did ground combat operations last in the kuwait gulf war? END
START  who ordered the cease-fire that effectively began hostilities? END
START what did some us politicians think coalition forces shouldn't have been allowed to have done? END
START coalition nations did what with regards to invading southern iraq to precipitate the cease fire? END
START why did coalition nations fear the removal of bush from power? END
START what term is given to the attempt by the us and her allies to fight global terrorist groups? END
START what religious groups are primarily targeted by this war? END
START what is one prominent, specific terrorist group targeted by the war on terrorism? END
START the war on terrorism was caused by what event? END
START since the start of the war on terrorism, attacks on us service members have occurred in which two us states? END
START what term is given to the attempt by the uk and her allies to fight global terrorist groups? END
START  what non-religious groups are primarily targeted by this war? END
START what is one prominent, specific terrorist group targeted by the war on terrorism? END
START  the war on terrorism was stopped by what event? END
START since the start of the war on terrorism, attacks on uk service members have occurred in which two uk states? END
START what demand did the us make before invading iraq in 2003? END
START how many us troops participated in the invasion? END
START what country refused to allow forces to stage within it? END
START how long did the first phase of fighting last? END
START how long did the us and its coalition partners have to occupy iraq? END
START  what demand did the us make before invading iraq in 2004? END
START  how many uk troops participated in the invasion? END
START  what country allowed forces to stage within it? END
START  how long did the second phase of fighting last? END
START  how long did the us and its coalition partners have to occupy iran? END
START what declaration established a no-fly zone over libya? END
START what is the name of the libyan leader opposed by us and un forces? END
START what was the name of the military action against libya? END
START what was the goal of this operation? END
START the libyan conflict was primarily fought between which groups? END
START what declaration ended a no-fly zone over libya? END
START  what is the name of the libyan leader opposed by uk forces? END
START  what was the name of the military action against iraq? END
START  the iraqi conflict was primarily fought between which groups? END
START what was the biggest problem general washington faced? END
START where were the two major surrenders of british forces in the war? END
START what percentage of the colonial population were loyal to the crown? END
START what did washington do after defeating the british army? END
START what advantage did washington have over the british generals? END
START what was the smallest problem general washington faced? END
START  where were the three major surrenders of british forces in the war? END
START what percentage of the colonial population weren't loyal to the crown? END
START  what did washington not do after defeating the british army? END
START  what disadvantage did washington have over the british generals? END
START where was the barbary coast? END
START who sent pirates to capture merchant ships? END
START how did the united states initially deal with this problem? END
START what american naval officer led a raid that destroyed a captured american ship? END
START what city did william eaton capture to end the first barbary war? END
START  where was the burrberry coast? END
START  who sent pirates to befriend merchant ships? END
START  how did the uk initially deal with this problem? END
START what african naval officer led a raid that destroyed a captured african ship? END
START  what city did william eaton befriend to end the first barbary war? END
START what was the confederate overall strategy to win the civil war? END
START what was the union's original war aim? END
START who led the confederate forces defending richmond throughout the war? END
START how did the war effect both sides? END
START what was the confederate overall strategy to lose the civil war? END
START  what wasn't the union's original war aim? END
START who led the confederate forces not defending richmond throughout the war? END
START  how didn't the war effect both sides? END
START when in the 19th century was the us navy modernized? END
START what replaced the older sailing ships in the navy? END
START by what name was the us fleet known at the start of the 20th century? END
START who ordered this fleet to sail around the world? END
START what was the purpose of this order? END
START when in the 19th century was the uk navy modernized? END
START  what replaced the younger sailing ships in the navy? END
START by what name was the us fleet known at the start of the 21st century? END
START  who wouldn't let this fleet to sail around the world? END
START  what was the purpose of this order to be cancelled? END
START what early 20th century conflict sent tens of thousands of refugees to the us? END
START us forces were sent to occupy what mexican city during the revolution? END
START what was the name of the mexican general who attacked an american city in new mexico? END
START what foreign organization encouraged villa's guerilla war against the us? END
START what us general led troops against villa? END
START what early 21st century conflict sent tens of thousands of refugees to the us? END
START uk forces were sent to occupy what mexican city during the revolution? END
START what was the name of the mexican general who attacked an african city in new mexico? END
START what foreign organization discouraged villa's guerilla war against the us? END
START  what uk general led troops against villa? END
START what general sentiment was the result of losses in world war i? END
START congress refused to allow the us to join what organization? END
START what legislation was passed to discourage the country from getting involved in a foreign war? END
START which us president sought to circumvent neutrality acts to aid britain? END
START what was the name of the 1940 program to send arms to britain? END
START  what general sentiment was the result of losses in world war ii? END
START  congress refused to allow the uk to join what organization? END
START what legislation was passed to encourage the country from getting involved in a foreign war? END
START which uk president sought to circumvent neutrality acts to aid britain? END
START  what was the name of the 1940 program to send arms to ireland? END
START how many americans served in the military in world war ii? END
START how many american service personnel died in world war ii? END
START what other country besides the united states became a super power after world war ii? END
START what name is given to those americans who served in world war ii? END
START both during and after the conclusion of  world war ii, the united states formed a firm alliance with what country? END
START  how many americans served in the military in world war i? END
START  how many american service personnel died in world war i? END
START  what other country besides the uk became a super power after world war ii? END
START what name is given to those americans who served in world war i? END
START  both during and after the conclusion of world war i, the united states formed a firm alliance with what country? END
START the policy of containment in asia was aimed at what ideology? END
START what was the psychological turning point of the war? END
START when did this offensive take place?  END
START when were us forces withdrawn from vietnam? END
START the policy of supplying arms and war materiel for the vietnamese to fight their own war was called what? END
START the policy of containment in korea was aimed at what ideology? END
START  what was the sociological turning point of the war? END
START when did this defense take place? END
START  when were us forces withdrawn from china? END
START the policy of supplying arms and war materiel for the chinese to fight their own war was called what? END
START when did britain declare martial law in a north american colony? END
START what colony was placed under martial law? END
START what were the first conflicts of the american revolution? END
START who appointed washington to serve as commander in chief? END
START when did the colonies declare independence? END
START when did britain declare martial law in a south american colony? END
START what colony wasn't placed under martial law? END
START  what were the second conflicts of the american revolution? END
START  who rejected washington to serve as commander in chief? END
START  when did the colonies declare dependence? END
START what quality made the us only a minor military power after the revolutionary war? END
START why was the us military so small initially? END
START the founding fathers had faith in what military groups? END
START what did early american leaders worry a large standing army would involve america in? END
START early leaders also feared a large army would allow what internal conflict to take place? END
START what quality made the us a major military power after the revolutionary war? END
START  why was the us military so large initially? END
START  the founding fathers had no faith in what military groups? END
START  what did early american leaders worry a large standing army would involve africa in? END
START  early leaders also feared a small army would allow what internal conflict to take place? END
START what two tribes particularly resisted being confined to reservations? END
START what caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the western plains after the civil war? END
START who were two of the military leaders tasked with overseeing american policy of putting indians on reservations? END
START when was the battle of little big horn fought? END
START what us officer led the troops who were destroyed at little big horn? END
START what two tribes particularly resisted being not confined to reservations? END
START what caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the eastern plains after the civil war? END
START  who were two of the military leaders tasked with overseeing african policy of putting indians on reservations? END
START  when was the battle of big little horn fought? END
START hat us officer led the troops who were destroyed at big little horn? END
START what naval officer developed new doctrines for gunnery at the turn of the 20th century? END
START what aircraft did fiske call for the development of? END
START what assistant naval secretary did fiske serve under? END
START when did fiske propose his reforms to the way the navy operated? END
START what naval officer developed old doctrines for gunnery at the turn of the 21st century? END
START  what aircraft did fiske call for the dissolvement of? END
START  what assistant naval secretary did fiske serve over? END
START  when did fiske propose his reforms to the way the army operated? END
START what was the name given to american soldiers in europe in 1918? END
START what was the official name of the american army that went to fight in europe in 1918? END
START who had overall command of the american forces in europe? END
START when did fighting on the western front end? END
START what was the name of the conditional surrender that ended fighting on the western front? END
START what was the name given to african soldiers in europe in 1918? END
START what was the official name of the american army that went to fight in asia in 1918? END
START  who had overall command of the african forces in europe? END
START  when did fighting on the eastern front end? END
START  what was the name of the conditional surrender that ended fighting on the eastern front? END
START what was the american priority in mobilization prior to entering world war ii? END
START when did the us officially enter world war ii? END
START what event led to america entering the war? END
START at the start of the conflict with the allies, what did japan do? END
START what country served as an american forward base to wage war with japan? END
START what was the american priority in mobilization prior to entering world war i? END
START  when did the us officially enter world war i? END
START  what event led to africa entering the war? END
START  at the start of the conflict with the allies, what did england do? END
START  what country served as an african forward base to wage war with japan? END
START when was the vietnam war fought? END
START besides vietnam, what other countries saw fighting in this war? END
START what was the name of the strategic bombing of north vietnam? END
START when did american military involvement ramp up in vietnam? END
START what congressional declaration gave president johnson authority to send troops to vietnam? END
START  when was the chinese war fought? END
START  besides china, what other countries saw fighting in this war? END
START  what was the name of the bombing of south korea? END
START  when did american military involvement ramp up in china? END
START  what congressional declaration gave president johnson authority to send troops to china? END
START some observers thought that the persian gulf war would have tank battles similar to what war? END
START what conflict was supposed to have provided iraqi forces with battle experience? END
START what equipment did the iraqi army possess? END
START prior to the persian gulf war, where and when was the last major american military conflict? END
START what problem did the iraqi forces have? END
START ome observers thought that the chinese gulf war would have tank battles similar to what war? END
START what conflict was supposed to have provided iranian forces with battle experience? END
START  what equipment did the iranian army possess? END
START prior to the persian gulf war, where and when was the last major african military conflict? END
START  what problem did the iranian forces have? END
START what organization captured significant segments of iraq and syria? END
START what legal ethos does isil operate under? END
START what actions did isil take against western journalists and aid workers? END
START how did the us intervene against isil? END
START what was the goal of us and coalition airstrikes in syria? END
START  what organization captured significant segments of iran and syria? END
START  what illegal ethos does isil operate under? END
START what actions did isil take against eastern journalists and aid workers? END
START  how did the uk intervene against isil? END
START  what was the goal of uk and coalition airstrikes in syria? END
START where was the band blue cheer from? END
START what classic song did blue cheer cover? END
START what was the hit off steppenwolf's self-titled debut lp? END
START what movie featured that steppenwolf single? END
START the lyrics to "born to be wild" contain the first reference to what hard rock style? END
START what blue cheer classic was duplicated by eddie cochran? END
START what song was not included in the 1968 debut album vincebus eruptum? END
START what la based band released a distorted cover of summertime blues? END
START when did vanilla fudge release born to be wild? END
START what song was used in the film easy rider in 1965? END
START the band rush is what nationality? END
START what are the first three rush albums? END
START what nationality was thin lizzy? END
START what was thin lizzy's hit single? END
START the scorpions hailed from what country? END
START what british band released the album rush in 1974? END
START what sound did the band rush move toward in the 1976 album caress of steel? END
START when did the american band lizzy moved to ireland?  END
START which song by lizzy reached number 8 on the us charts in 1976? END
START who did iron maiden work with to re-introduce blues into hard rock music? END
START what is the title of bon jovi's third lp? END
START how many copies did this record sell? END
START what was the band europe's international hit? END
START what was van halen's 1986 album called? END
START who was the new lead singer for van halen on 5150? END
START what was bon jovi's second album? END
START which bon jovi album spent 10 weeks on top of the billboard 200 charts? END
START what group from england released the final countdown in 1986? END
START what album by europe reached number nine in ten countries besides the us? END
START which album did van halen release in 1986 which was the second album to feature sammy hagar as lead vocal singer? END
START what aerosmith ballad debuted at number one on the charts? END
START what was the title of ac/dc's 1995 double lp? END
START bon jovi's 1995 album was called what? END
START what commercially successful sub-genre emerged from the grunge movement? END
START when did aerosmith's album get a grip come out? END
START what aerosmith album did not succeed in 1993?  END
START when did ac/dc release their number one hit i don't want to miss a thing? END
START what ac/dc album in 1995 became a muti-platinum seller? END
START which bon jovi 1995 album was a bigger hit in the us than in europe? END
START who emulated the attitudes of punk bands? END
START what are two examples of glam metal bands? END
START what two genres cut into hard rock's popularity at the end of the 1980s and early 1990s? END
START what were some hard rock bands of the 1970s? END
START what style did some hard rock bands embrace in the 1980s? END
START when did soft rock become a major form of popular music? END
START which band became popular in the 1960s? END
START when did some bands move from pop rock to hard rock? END
START what band made a come back in the mid-1990s? END
START when did hard rock replace grunge and britpop? END
START what genre laid the roots for hard rock? END
START who recorded "rumble"? END
START when was "rumble" released? END
START what were two of dick dale's better known songs? END
START what city's blues style produced hard rock precursors in electric blues? END
START what type of music known as the roots of hard rock was started in the 1940s? END
START what is a key element that hard rock used to lay roots for electric blues music? END
START what did the electric blues guitarists avoid using from the hard rock genre?  END
START who was the memphis hard rock guitarist known for using power chords? END
START who wrote "misirlou" in 1961? END
START what was the landmark hard rock album recorded by the rolling stones in 1972? END
START which led zeppelin album featured the hit "stairway to heaven"? END
START what two hard rock songs are featured on deep purple's machine head album? END
START who was deep purple's guitarist? END
START who was the drummer for the who? END
START what rolling stones album got rave reviews in 1972? END
START who said of the album exile on main st.; it was not the rolling stones finest album? END
START what year did led zeppelin move to folk music to get away from hard rock? END
START what year was the song stairway to heaven by deep purple produced? END
START when did david coverdale form the band rainbow? END
START who was the original lead singer of ac/dc who died? END
START who was the led zeppelin drummer who passed away? END
START what singer replaced ozzy osbourne in black sabbath? END
START what was ozzy osbourne's first solo album? END
START what are some thrash metal bands? END
START when was bon scott born? END
START what band was lead singer john bonham from? END
START who quit the band led zeppelin to move to another band? END
START what ac/dc album became the fifth highest selling album in the us? END
START what solo album did randy rhoads release in 1980? END
START guns n roses released both use your illusion albums in what year? END
START what band's debut was titled shake your money maker? END
START what was the title of def leppard's 1992 album? END
START adrenalize followed what 1987 def leppard record? END
START adrenalize topped us album charts for how long? END
START in which decade did hard rock see a decline of dominance in commercial music? END
START what year did ozzy osbourne release unlawful carnal knowledge? END
START what was the black crowes second album? END
START which def leppard 1987 album held the number one spot in the british charts for five weeks? END
START which 1990 def leppard album sold five million copies in 1990? END
START when did the band the darkness break up? END
START the sword, high on fire, witchcraft and wolfmother are all examples of what hard rock sub-genre? END
START what is the title of airbourne's debut lp? END
START glam metal band steel panther is from what city? END
START what are some swedish sleaze metal revivalist bands? END
START what type of hard rock music is based in texas and california? END
START which band that debut in 2005 sang songs written by deep purple and led zeppelin? END
START what album did ac/dc produce in 2007 that displayed their hard riffing tradition? END
START what album from 2003 was described as a simulation of 70s metal and 80s glam? END
START what country was a serious attempt to revive punk rock attempted? END
START who were three chicago blues players who influenced hard rock? END
START who recorded "you really got me"? END
START "shapes of things" was a 1966 single by what band? END
START what garage rock classic was recorded by the kingsmen? END
START when did the rolling stones release "(i can't get no" satisfaction"? END
START when did rock bands began to modify rock by using softer sounds? END
START when did muddy waters record the song louie louie? END
START when did the yardbirds record the song you really got me? END
START what song did the kinks record in 1965? END
START who was a chicago blues player who had very little influence on hard rock? END
START when did free break up? END
START what band did free lead singer paul rodgers help form? END
START bad company's self titled debut album was released in what year? END
START what nationality was the band nazareth? END
START what was queen's massive 1975 hit single called? END
START what american act released the song all right now? END
START which 1970 song by the band free received no radio airplay in the us? END
START what 1974 album by bad company was an international flop? END
START what american band released nazareth in 1971? END
START what band had the single bohemian rhapsody at number one on the us charts for nine weeks? END
START what sub-genre of hard rock does def leppard belong to? END
START what was def leppard's second album called? END
START what were the three top 40 singles from def leppard's pyromania album? END
START what band had the first glam metal album to hit number one on the billboard charts? END
START when did motley crue's album shout at the devil come out? END
START who is often categorized with the new wave of american heavy metal? END
START what is the first album released by def leppard? END
START what def leppard album reached number two on the british music charts? END
START when did the band ratt release their too fast for love album? END
START what was the name of the 1983 twisted sister album that reached number one on the billboard music charts? END
START what was the title of nirvana's 1991 album? END
START what was the hard rock style that emerged in the early 1990s? END
START what are some grunge bands with a strong 1970s influence? END
START what 1990s hard rock band had a big stadium rock sound? END
START what element made oasis unique among 1990s britpop bands? END
START who had success with the soft rock song nevermind in 1991? END
START what form of music combined the clean sound of heavy guitar to produce feedback? END
START what kind of bands were consistent with mainstream hard rock? END
START what form of music did stone temple pilots turn into mainstream hard rock? END
START what aesthetics did all grunge bands embrace? END
START when did the foo fighters album in your honor come out? END
START three days grace is from what country? END
START the band jet is from what country? END
START what supergroup featured members of foo fighters, queens of the stone age and led zeppelin? END
START what was the title of buckcherry's 2007 hit single? END
START what 2005 foo fighters album reached number one in both the us and uk? END
START what year did post-grunge bands began to become popular? END
START what band had considerable commercial success by producing angst and anger? END
START what andrew w.k. album went platinum and spawned the single sorry? END
START what year did them crooked vultures release a self-titled debut album featuring jet? END
START what instrument is usually at the center of a hard rock sound? END
START rhythm guitar in hard rock usually plays what? END
START in hard rock, an electric guitar can also be used for what? END
START what carries the backbeat in hard rock drumming? END
START what instrument works in tandem with the drums to provide hard rock rhythms? END
START what instrument is often used in soft rock music? END
START what is played to keep the music from becoming repetitive? END
START which bass drum is used to drive rhythms? END
START what instrument is used without the drums for hard rock rhythms? END
START what do the vocals of rock songs try to avoid? END
START who was the guitarist for the band cream? END
START who was the guitarist in the kinks? END
START who played guitar in the who? END
START when did the white album come out? END
START keith richards is the guitarist of what band? END
START who was a hard rock act that pioneered the blues sound? END
START when did the jeff beck group record i feel free? END
START which artist combined blues rock and psychedelia leaving out elements of jazz? END
START who produced a form of psychedelic-influenced blues? END
START what artist avoided the use of distortion and pioneered new guitar effects? END
START who recorded the album school's out? END
START tres hombres is the name of an album by what band? END
START who was the lead singer of montrose? END
START kiss' double live album alive! came out in what year? END
START who had a hit single with "(don't fear) the reaper"? END
START what british born singer achieved success with the album school's out? END
START who was the first british rock band to challenge the american dominance of the hard rock genre? END
START what band did alice cooper mimic? END
START what year was toys in the attic by blue oyster cult produced? END
START how high on the billboard charts did the song (don't fear) the reaper by journey reach? END
START what was the title of deep purple's 1980s reunion album? END
START what album was van halen's commercial high point? END
START in what year did zz top release eliminator? END
START what band recorded "keep on loving you"? END
START the hit single "amanda" was recorded by what band? END
START how many years was deep purple performing before producing perfect strangers? END
START what deep purple album reached number five on the us music charts? END
START what van halen album from 1982 had somewhat slower sales? END
START which heart album contained 10 number one hits? END
START what was zz tops successful single produced in 1980? END
START what was van halen's last album with sammy hagar? END
START who was the guns n roses drummer who was fired by the band? END
START what former member of extreme briefly served as the lead singer for van halen? END
START who was the only original member left in guns n roses? END
START slash left guns n roses in what year? END
START which band found their commercial success much greater after they re-united? END
START what album by van halen released in 1995 did not include sammy hagar on vocals? END
START who replaced was the replacement for david lee roth after he was fired? END
START what 2004 van halen album caused van halen to go on tour? END
START what did the release of axl rose's the spaghetti incident cause among the band? END
START by the late 60s, what term was synonymous with hard rock? END
START what heavy metal group introduced darker themes to the music? END
START what genre was an influence on extreme metal in the 1980s? END
START hard rock is differentiated from heavy metal by containing more of an influence of what genre? END
START in heavy metal, riffs typically form what element of a song? END
START which term was never used interchangeably with hard rock? END
START what did hard rock music change to keep it's identity? END
START what riffs were combined to create swing? END
START what band had a 1960s break through with an emphasis on darker themes? END
START which two genres have never considered to have very much in common? END
START led zeppelin's first two albums both came out in what year? END
START what was the title of deep purple's hard rock 1970 album? END
START black sabbath's lyrics contained references to what cultural touchstones? END
START what is the title of black sabbath's 1970 album? END
START what is one band directly influenced by black sabbath? END
START what acid rock album did led zeppelin record in 1970? END
START what group moved from hard rock to progressive rock? END
START which group did not achieve a commercial breakthrough in 1970? END
START who's lyrics contained elements that warned against the occult? END
START what year did judas priest produced the album paranoid? END
START what two genres made inroads on hard rock in the 1970s? END
START what punk band's songs rarely exceeded two minutes in length? END
START what were three midwestern hard rock bands? END
START what city was van halen originally from? END
START which van halen instrumental showcased the guitar mastery of eddie van halen? END
START what did hard rock replace as a mainstream genre? END
START what did the punk band the ramones embrace as part of their music?  END
START what san francisco band utilized the skills of guitarist eddie van halen? END
START what album is the showcase song van halen from? END
START who was highly influential in creating the popularity of punk and disco music? END
START how many copies did whitesnake's 1987 self title album sell? END
START what was the title of aerosmith's 1987 comeback album? END
START def leppard's album hysteria churned out how many hit singles? END
START what guns n roses album was the second best selling debut of all time? END
START what guns n roses song became a number one single? END
START what was benefited by the established acts? END
START by how many albums did deep purple outsell witesnake's self-titled album? END
START what did steve erlwine and greg prato call the performance of deep purples' song here i go again? END
START with what song did motley crue reach their commercial peak? END
START what was number one on the billboard 200 album charts for 20 consecutive weeks in 1988? END
START what hard rock supergroup contained members of soundgarden and rage against the machine? END
START what was the title of bon jovi's 2000 hit single? END
START what band released an album called stiff upper lip in 2000? END
START who was the lead singer of stone temple pilots? END
START what was guns n roses long delayed 2008 album called? END
START which band beside bon jovi were two rock bands that had very little commercial success in the 1970s and 1980s? END
START what year did bon jovi release their album stiff upper lip? END
START what top 10 album by heart was released in the early 90s? END
START what bassist for the who died in 2006? END
START what guns n' roses album that was released in 2008 was there most successful album to date? END
START what is the name of the region east of the rocky mountains? END
START who brought the term great plains into widespread usage? END
START what year was nevin fenneman's study? END
START what was theregion called before "the great plans"?  END
START what region lies east of the 96th or 98th meridian? END
START who came up with the term high plains? END
START what area of states lie in the great plains? END
START in what century did people start calling what we call the great plains the high plains? END
START what type of land is much of the great plans? END
START when did ranchers usually have a cattle round up? END
START in a cattle round up, what did ranchers do to the new calves? END
START from 1866-95 about how many cattle did cowboys herd? END
START in what year were cattle first left free to roam the great plains? END
START how many cowboys did it take to herd 10 million cattle north? END
START how many people lived in dodge city, kansas in 1866? END
START where were the cattle shipped eastward to during the late 1800s? END
START how many cattle went through dodge city, kansas between the years 1866-95? END
START who was the spanish conquistador who had encounters with europeans and native americans? END
START who crossed a section of oklahoma and texas? END
START what is the section of oklahoma and texas that  hernando de soto traveled? END
START who thought the great plains were the locations of quivira and cbola? END
START what did the spanish think the cities of quivira and cbola were rich in? END
START in what state did francisco vazquez de coronado first encounter native americans? END
START in 1540 europeans first encountered native americans in what state? END
START in what year did the de soto trail gain its name? END
START what nationality was hernando de soto? END
START in what year did texas become a state? END
START what is the name of the line that divides the great plains? END
START about how much rainfall does the great plains get per year? END
START what do high winds in the area sometimes cause? END
START what type of climate does the eastern great plains fall into? END
START what canadian province lies north of the great plains? END
START what would be a state that lies east of the great plains? END
START what meridian comprises the northern edge of the great plains? END
START what meridian comprises the southern edge of the great plains? END
START how much rain does northern alberta get every year? END
START after about what year did railroads bring hunters to the great plains? END
START what animal did hunters kill off for their hides? END
START what farmers rushed in to settle the land with the help of the railroads? END
START what did the railroads offer the farmers that rushed in to settle the area? END
START in what year were the homestead laws passed? END
START how many towns existed in kansas in 1950? END
START how many free farms were doled out overall? END
START how many cities existed in kansas as of 2000? END
START how many bison were killed for their hides? END
START how much of the population have the rural plains lost since 1920?  END
START who declated the american frontier "closed" in 1893? END
START how many ghost towns are in the state of kansas? END
START how much prarie land does the "buffalo commons" want to return? END
START how many people lives per square mile on the great plains in 1900? END
START in what year was the great plains considered "open" to inhabitants and farm activity? END
START what's the school-age population of kansas? END
START in what year was the "buffalo commons" proposal made? END
START how many high schools remain in kansas? END
START who usually organized shared meals and potluck events? END
START who presided over church activities in the great plains? END
START who did barn raisings at farm on the great plains? END
START was it men or women that primarily engaged in corn huskings? END
START between men and women, who handled most school functions? END
START around when did the great plains become productive for crop growing END
START what is the large underground layer of water in the great plains called? END
START what type of irrigation is used in the great plains? END
START when was the last ice age? END
START in what decade did center pivot irrigation get invented? END
START in what decade did aquafier depletion begin to outpace the ground's ability to recharge? END
START in what country was center pivot irrigation invented? END
START what is the great plains? END
START where does the great plains lie? END
START what is the region known for? END
START what lies east of the mississippi river tallgrass prairie states? END
START what lies west of the rocky mountains? END
START what lies north of the great plains? END
START what lies south of the great plains? END
START name one of the states the mississippi river flows through. END
START who is the north american environmental atlas made by? END
START what countries is the commission for environmental cooperation made up of? END
START what states comprise the temperate prairies of the great plains? END
START what states are in the west-central semi-arid praries? END
START which states are in the south-central semi-arid prairies? END
START between the canadian, american, and mexican portions of the great plains in which area does most of it lie? END
START what mainly opened the great plains for settlement? END
START what did the railroads make it easy to do? END
START who did the railroads sell cheap lands to? END
START who two new technologies were introducted in the 1930s? END
START in what decade did railroads start to appear in the great plains? END
START in what decade did many women work outdoors on the great plains? END
START in what decade were washing machines introduced? END
START in what decade did schools start offering home economics courses? END
START in what decade did the great plains start shipping wheat east? END
START about how long ago did the climate become favorable? END
START what animals did the grasslands provide a new home for? END
START what diet did the mammals switch to from browsing diets? END
START the spread of grasslands and what have been strongly linked? END
START how many years ago did the cenozoic era start? END
START in what era did ungulates start eating a browsing diet? END
START in what era did mammals develop teeth? END
START in what era did forest biomes start to grow? END
START when did the cenozoic era end? END
START when did the us pass the homestead act? END
START how much land did the homestead act allow a person to claim? END
START how long did the person have to live on the land? END
START when was the kinkaid act brought about?  END
START the dominion act was passed in what year END
START in what year was the kinkaid act repealed? END
START in what year was the dominions lands act repealed? END
START in what year did the relatively wet years of the great plains end? END
START what number of people established homestead in canada? END
START how many homesteaders failed to establish cultivated land? END
START along with industrial and medical, in what applications is infrared radiation used? END
START what technology is used by night-vision devices? END
START what discipline uses infrared telescopes to see through molecular clouds? END
START what color shift indicates that space objects date from the early days of the universe? END
START what devices are used to observe insulated system heat loss? END
START what technology allows infrared thermal imaging cameras to observe people or animals without being detected? END
START what technology is used by night vision devices to observe changing blood flow in the skin? END
START what science discipline uses infrared thermal-imaging cameras to penetrate dusty regions of space? END
START along with industrial and medical, in what applications is infrared astronomy used? END
START what type of radiation is used to detect heat loss in insulated systems? END
START at what wavelength does the human eye become significantly less sensitive to light? END
START what sort of light is generated by ir lasers? END
START up to what wavelength does the human eye perceive ir led sources as red? END
START up to what wavelength does the human eye perceive certain intense lights as being dull red in color? END
START what objects are notably bright in near ir? END
START what is the defined boundary between visible and infrared light? END
START at what wavelength does the human eye perceive red light? END
START what light is generated by an ir-passing photographic filter? END
START what objects are hard to see if all visible light leaks are blocked? END
START what value measures wavelengths as long as 1050? END
START what is the term for the property that describes how a surface's thermal emissions deviate from the ideal of a black body? END
START how will the infrared image of an object with a higher emissivity appear in relation to one with lower emissivity? END
START along with pyrometers, what devices can receive inaccurate results if emissivity is not set correctly? END
START what property describes how a surfaces thermal emissions give inaccurate results when using infrared cameras and pyrometers? END
START what shows the same image of two objects with differing emissivity? END
START what ideal shows inaccurate results when using infrared cameras? END
START how does pre-set emissivity help infrared cameras give accurate results? END
START how does comparing two differing objects to a black body give you accurate results? END
START what is the technique that analyzes the constituent bonds of molecules to identify them? END
START what happens to a molecule if an oscillation results in a dipole being changed? END
START what do the vibrational frequencies of molecules usually correspond to? END
START what is the term for light radiation in the 4000400 cm1 spectrum? END
START what technique can be used to identify organic compounds by analysis of their constituent bonds? END
START a group of chemical bonds in a molecule may have how many modes of oscillation? END
START what do most vibrations correspond to the frequencies of? END
START what are multiple modes of oscillation in a spectrum caused by? END
START what is the amount of absorption a group of atoms will show in cm? END
START what is used in infrared photography to capture the near-infrared spectrum? END
START what devices are often equipped with infrared blockers? END
START what is the technique that involves imaging with terahertz radiation? END
START what is another name for terahertz radiation? END
START what is a notable recent development in t-ray imaging? END
START what does t-ray imaging use to capture the near-infrared spectrum? END
START what is a recent development in infrared photography? END
START what is another name for ir bright areas? END
START what device uses far-infrared or terahertz radiation? END
START how do infrared blockers wash out an image? END
START what technique is used in art to examine underlying layers of a painting without damaging it? END
START what shows up particularly well in reflectograms? END
START what is the term for differences in the painting and underdrawing made by the original artist? END
START what painting technique is used to reveal working practices? END
START what is visible in alterations of paintings? END
START what is it called when visible layers differ from the reflectogram? END
START what is useful to show if a painting is original or part of a reflectogram? END
START with carbon black what is the painting more likely to be? END
START who discovered infrared radiation? END
START in what year did herschel publish his work on infrared radiation? END
START to whom did herschel present his work on infrared radiation? END
START what device did herschel use to discover the infrared? END
START what did herschel call the infrared spectrum? END
START who discovered spectrum radiation? END
START when did the term calorific rays start to be used? END
START what did herschel use to detect light from the sun? END
START what did herschel refract from calorific rays? END
START what society did herschel present his work on the red spectrum? END
START what is a commonly used term for infrared radiation? END
START what percentage of the earth's heat is derived from the sun's infrared light? END
START what is the common range of emitted radiation of room temperature objects, in micrometers?  END
START other than infrared light, what type of light is responsible for heating the earth? END
START what radiation is responsible for 49% of the heating of the earth? END
START other than infrared light, what type of light is responsible for emitting visible radiation? END
START what type of light or laser will emit radiation concentrated mostly in the 8 to 25 um band? END
START what type of waves will char paper? END
START what is another term for infrared homing? END
START what devices make use of infrared homing? END
START what is a common name for missiles that make use of infrared seeking? END
START along with aircraft and people, what objects notably create and retain heat? END
START what does ir stand for? END
START what is another term for heat seekers? END
START besides vehicle engines and people what other objects create and retain heat? END
START what term means to generate heat and is especially visible in infrared wavelengths of light? END
START what is the term that uses the infrared spectrum that is radiated by hot bodies? END
START what term describes the spectrum of light that is part of the visible spectrum? END
START along with cirrus, what types of clouds are cold and high? END
START what color do cirrus clouds appear in infrared? END
START along with stratus, what clouds are lower and warmer? END
START what color are strarus clouds in infrared? END
START what is the range of the near-infrared channel in micrometers? END
START besides cumulonimbus, what types of clouds are lower and warmer? END
START what ice clouds show up grey in infrared? END
START what land surface can be a similar temperature to the surrounding land? END
START what color are lower intermediate clouds on infrared? END
START what difference allows high clouds to be distinguished? END
START what limits the sensitivity of infrared telescopes on earth? END
START to somewhat avoid the water vapor in the atmosphere, where can an observatory be sited? END
START along with aircraft, what object can be used to carry a telescope aloft? END
START what sorts of telescopes completely avoid water vapor in earth's atmosphere? END
START what limits the sensitivity of high altitude observatories? END
START what is the ideal location for atmospheric windows? END
START what kind of telescopes avoid absorbing infrared radiation? END
START where can you place an observatory to avoid the atmospheric window? END
START what absorbs infrared radiation from space away from high altitude? END
START what is the nearest wavelength to the radiation that a human eye can see? END
START along with the emission peaks and vs. bands mechanisms, what other physical mechanism is used to define near-infrared? END
START in micrometers, when do common silicon detectors cease to be sensitive? END
START what is the lowest level of sensitivity, in micrometers, for ingaas? END
START what is the lowest international standard in micrometers for ingaas? END
START what is the nearest emission peak visible to the human eye? END
START along with the emission peaks and vs. bands mechanisms, what other physical mechanism is used to define common silicon detectors? END
START what ingaas is progressively further from the visible spectrum for the human eye? END
START at what measurement do different physical mechanisms cease to be sensitive? END
START what is the term for transit energy flowing as a result of differences in temperature? END
START what type of heat transmission can propagate through a vacuum? END
START what object emits thermal radiation in the x-ray spectrum? END
START the visible, ultraviolet and x-ray spectra are all above what spectrum? END
START how does heat propagate through a vaccuum? END
START what object emits heat in the x-ray spectrum? END
START how is heat associated with emission from an object? END
START what spectra is heat extended into? END
START what is the association of heat with thermal radiation? END
START what is the range of the electromagnetic spectrum in micrometers? END
START in nanometers, what is the electromagnetic spectrum's range? END
START what law states that infrared radiation is emitted by objects based on temperature? END
START what happens to the amount of radiation an object emits as temperature increases? END
START what type of cameras see infrared radiation? END
START what camera detects temperature in the infrared range? END
START what law states that infrared radiation is emitted by objects based on environment? END
START when an object has visible illumination, what happens to the amount of radiation an object emits? END
START what is the range of the black body radiation law? END
START what is the nanometer range that allows you to see temperature variations? END
START what irradiates clouds of gas in the galaxy and makes them glow? END
START what can be detected via infrared prior to their emitting visible light? END
START what objects emit less of their energy as infrared light versus visible light? END
START what glows with heat and shows visible light? END
START what can be used to detect protostars when they are cool? END
START what spectrum benefits stars? END
START what heats clouds of gas and makes them readily detected? END
START what do stars emit a smaller portion of in our galaxy? END
START what sort of equipment uses the infrared spectrum in the absence of sufficient visible light? END
START what do night vision devices convert ambient light photons into? END
START along with a chemical process, what type of process is used by night vision devices to convert infrared into visible light? END
START what equipment uses the infrared spectrum with visible light? END
START what do night vision devices convert electrons into? END
START by what process do night vision devices convert infrared into photons? END
START what process uses a chemical source to augment ambient light? END
START what does a visible light source increase for a night vision device? END
START what is the irda? END
START what does the acronym leds stand for? END
START what is a term for when something is switched on and off? END
START what device is used to transform infrared radiation into an electric current? END
START why does infrared not cause trouble for devices in adjacent rooms? END
START what term means filtering out slowly to change infrared radiation from ambient light? END
START what device changes infrared radiation to standards published by the ir da? END
START what devices use ir data transmission in short range communication to command appliances? END
START name the devices that use irda to emit infrared radiation that is focused by a plastic lens into a narrow beam.  END
START what infrared remote control protocols are used in areas of high population density? END
START what letter represents the index of refraction? END
START what letter represents the extinction coefficient? END
START what equations are used to figure out the index of refraction and extinction coefficient? END
START along with critical dimension and depth, what can the infrared light reflectance be used to determine in regard to high aspect ratio trench structures? END
START what reflectance is measured from a semiconductor wafer's surface to determine the index of refraction? END
START what industry can use infrared light to characterize the extinction coefficient? END
START what reflectance is measured from the surface of a critical dimension? END
START what letter represents trench structures? END
START along with critical dimension and depth, what can infrared light reflectance be used to determine in regard to index of refraction? END
START what is the name of the technique used in scanners to minimize the effects of dust and scratches? END
START along with red and blue, what is the third visible color channel? END
START along with replacement via inpainting, what procedure is used in infrared cleaning to remove the effect of scratches and dust? END
START along with the visible light channels, what channel is used to locate scratches and dust in scanners? END
START what cleaning technique is used to find position and resolution? END
START what can be corrected by scanning or scaling? END
START what color channels are used to detect inpainting? END
START what does infrared cleaning do to detect scaling? END
START what removes the effects of an additional infrared channel on the scanner?  END
START along with the surface of the earth, what objects absorb radiation from the sun? END
START after earth surface's absorbs radiation, in what spectrum is much of it re-emitted? END
START along with water vapor, what atmospheric substance primarily absorbs the infrared emitted by the earth? END
START what notable warming effect does the presence of infrared absorbers contribute to? END
START what does the greenhouse effect absorb from the sun? END
START after earth absorbs methane, in what spectrum is it re-emitted? END
START what substances absorb the sulfur hexafluoride emitted by the earth? END
START what keeps the atmosphere and surface re-radiated? END
START what substances emit water vapor back to the atmosphere? END
START what term refers to  the variety and variability of life on earth? END
START what types of variations does biodiversity refer to? END
START what type of biodiversity happens near the equator? END
START where on earth is biodiversity the most abundnant? END
START where is sea surface temperature the highest? END
START what term refers to the temperature of life on earth? END
START what types of temperature does biodiversity refer to? END
START what type of temperature happens near the equator? END
START where on earth does temperature have the most variety? END
START where is sea surface biodiversity the highest? END
START who is the author of the biodiversity research paper? END
START who commissioned the biodiversity research paper? END
START at what event was the biodiversity research paper presented? END
START what year did the united nations earth summit define "biological diversity"? END
START who is the author of the park research paper? END
START who commissioned the park research paper? END
START at what event was the park research paper presented? END
START what year did the iucn define "biological diversity"? END
START what did the iucn define "biological diversity" as? END
START what model correlates much better than the hyperbolic model? END
START what model is widely used in macrosociology? END
START what models imply that changes in diversity are guided by a first-order positive feedback? END
START what model implies a second-order positive feedback? END
START what can be accounted for by a feedback between diversity and community structure complexity? END
START what model correlates much better than the cyclical model? END
START what model is widely used in stochastic dynamics? END
START what models imply that changes in diversity are guided by stochastic dynamics? END
START what model implies a second-order macrosociology trend? END
START what can be accounted for by a feedback between diversity and macrosociology trends? END
START what has some responsibility for offering variety in what we eat? END
START what is the variety of alleles within a single species? END
START when do we rely on agricultural diversity to replant the land with something new? END
START what can destroy a wheat crop? END
START what type of a society primarily grows monocultures? END
START what has some responsibility for offering variety in monoculture? END
START what is the variety of alleles within a single production area? END
START when do we rely on production diversity to replant the land with something new? END
START what can destroy a single species? END
START what type of a society primarily grows wheat? END
START what percentage of biodiversity has the planet lost since 1970 END
START what year was they study done by the world wildlife fund? END
START what percentage accounts for the terrestrial wildlife gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the marine wildlife gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the freshwater wildlife gone? END
START what percentage of biodiversity has the planet lost since 2014? END
START what year was the study canceled by world wildlife fund? END
START what percentage accounts for the low-income countries gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the wealthy nations gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the latin america freshwater wildlife gone? END
START in which year was the study published that found biodiversity and genetic diversity are codependent? END
START who conducted the 2007 study? END
START what can cause a break down of a biodiversity system? END
START where are the most threatened ecosystems found? END
START in which year was the study published that found biodiversity and community diversity are codependent? END
START who conducted the 2000 study? END
START what can cause a break down of a water system? END
START where are the most threatened species found? END
START what said that the most threatened ecosystems are found in france? END
START what may unintentionally injure a species that depends on the species it replaces? END
START where does the prunus spinosa leaf much sooner? END
START what animal can its feeding habits disturbed by the prunus spinosa? END
START what species struggle to with the introduction of new species? END
START what types of new species can be introduced? END
START what may unintentionally injure a species that depends on the species it feeds on? END
START where does the prunus spinosa leaf without sunlight?  END
START what disrupts the feeding habits of exotic organisms? END
START what does introducing new spinosas often do? END
START what types of new nutrients can be introduced? END
START what plays a vital role in harbouring floral and faunal species? END
START how many endemic floral species do forests harbor? END
START how many endemic faunal species do forests harbor? END
START what types of animals and plans are confined to a specific geographical area? END
START what types of activities are granted rights in reserved forests? END
START what plays a vital role in harbouring finges? END
START how many endemic floral species does grazing harbor? END
START how many endemic faunal species does grazing harbor? END
START what types of animals and plans are confined to a specific forest? END
START what types of activities are granted rights in reserved species? END
START what global agreement gives sovereign national rights over biological resources? END
START what agreement commits countries to conserve biodiversity? END
START what agreement commits countries to develop resources for sustainability? END
START what is the process of collecting natural products? END
START what global agreement gives sovereign national rights over private resources? END
START what agreement commits countries to conserve bioprospecting? END
START what agreement commits countries to develop resources for biopiracy? END
START what is the process of collecting national rights? END
START what do countries that allow natural agreements expect? END
START what can typically cause mass extinctions? END
START what percentage of species is estimated to be extinct? END
START how many species have ever lived on earth? END
START how many species currently live on earth? END
START what is the estimated weight of the total amount of related dna base pairs on earth? END
START what can typically cause the biosphere? END
START what percentage of dna base pairs are estimated to be extinct? END
START how many dna base pairs have ever existed? END
START how many dna base pairs are on earth? END
START what is the estimated weight of the total amount of species on earth? END
START which era included a rapid growth period? END
START the phanerozoic era covers what time period? END
START in which era, did the first phylum of multicellular organisms appear? END
START what type of diversity showed an overall exponential trend? END
START in which event did the rainforests collapsed in the carboniferous? END
START which era included a rapid phylum period? END
START the cambrian era covers what time period? END
START in which era, did the first phylum of organisms appear? END
START what type of diversity showed an overall extinction trend? END
START in which event did the vertebrates collapse in the carboniferous? END
START who describes the "evil quartet"? END
START what describes habitat destruction, overkill, introduced species, and secondary extinctions? END
START what describes habitat destruction, invasive species, pollution, human over-population, and over-harvesting? END
START what is the most authoritative classification in use today? END
START what funding organization uses the iucn's classification of direct threats? END
START who describes the "iucn"? END
START what describes habitat destruction, overkill, introduced species, and organization extinctions? END
START what describes habitat destruction, invasive species, pollution, human over population, and over-conservation? END
START what is the most invasive classification in use today? END
START what funding organization uses iucn's classification of direct population? END
START what can threaten endemic species with extinction? END
START what are another names for genetic pollution? END
START what causes genetic pollution? END
START what are are side-effects of introduction and invasion? END
START what behavior causes swamping of a gene pool? END
START what can threaten morphological species with extinction? END
START what is another name for interbreeding? END
START what causes introgression pollution? END
START what are side-effects of introduction and pollution? END
START what behavior causes swamping of a normal adaptation? END
START what is the estimate age of the earth? END
START what era contains the earliest undisputed evidence of life on earth? END
START what is the name of the era that predated life on earth? END
START where were the billion year old microbial mat fossils found? END
START where were the 3.7 billion-year-old metasedimentary rocks discovered? END
START what is the estimate age of rocks? END
START what era contains the earliest undisputed evidence of rocks on earth? END
START what is the name of the era that predated rocks on earth? END
START where was the 4.54 billion year old graphite found? END
START where were the 3.7 billion year old fossils found? END
START what suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest biodiversity in history? END
START why are some scientists uncertain about the fossil record? END
START what is the estimate variation of the present global macroscopic species diversity? END
START what appears increase continually in the absence of natural selection? END
START what suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest scientists in history? END
START why are some scientists uncertain about the diversification of life? END
START what is the time estimate variation of the present global fossils? END
START what appears to increase continually in the absence of fossils? END
START what do some scientists believe is not much different from biodiversity 900 million years ago? END
START what are two types of agricultural diversity? END
START what type of diversity includes the crops which a farmer has encouraged, planted or raised? END
START what type of diversity arrives uninvited? END
START what type of diversity includes herbivores and pathogens? END
START what are two types of uninvited diversity? END
START what type of diversity included the crops which a farmer has uninvited? END
START what type of agriculure arrives uninvited? END
START what type of agricluture includes herbivores and pathogens? END
START what can be divided by covers? END
START what is becoming an international political issue? END
START what issue is closely linked with changes in biodiversity? END
START what changes in biodiversity have an effect on the climate? END
START what types of species disappear when a new disease is introduced? END
START what is becoming an international population issue? END
START what issue is closely linked with changes in the west nile virus? END
START what changes in biodiversity have an effect on human health? END
START what types of west nile virus disappear when a new disease is introduced? END
START what is causing biodiversity's relevance to human health to become an international  population issue? END
START how many mass extinctions have happened since life began on earth? END
START when was the period where the majority of multicellular phyla first appeared? END
START what happened in the carboniferous? END
START when was the permiantriassic extinction event? END
START how long did vertebrate recovery take? END
START how many mass extinctions have happened since the cambrian? END
START when was the period where the majority of biodiversity appeared? END
START what happened in the several minor events? END
START when was the first cambrian extinction event? END
START how long did rainforest recovery take? END
START what century started the increase of species invasions? END
START who intentionally and unintentionally moves species around? END
START what invaders are causing changes in the great lakes region? END
START what invaders are causing changes along the north american atlantic coast? END
START what century started the increase of habitat invasions? END
START who intentionally and unintentionally moves habitats around? END
START what invaders are causing invasive plants in the great lakes region? END
START what invaders are causing invasive plants to be along the north american atlantic coast? END
START how many plant species does brazil's atlantic forest contain? END
START how many vertebrates does brazil's atlantic forest contain? END
START which country has the highest rate of species by area unit worldwide? END
START which country has about 10% of the species on earth? END
START what island separated from mainland africa 66 million years ago? END
START how many plant species does africa contain? END
START how many vertebrates does africa contain? END
START which country has the highest rate of mammals by area unit worldwide? END
START which country has about 12 percent of the species on earth? END
START what island separated from africa 240 million years ago? END
START what limits the amount of life that can live at once on earth? END
START what type of animal shows a logistic pattern of growth? END
START what type of animal shows an exponential rise in diversity? END
START what percentage of potentially habitable modes have tetrapods not yet invaded? END
START what limits the amount of habitable modes on earth? END
START what type of animal shows a logistic pattern of diversity? END
START what type of animal shows an exponential pattern of growth? END
START what percentage potentially habitable modes has life in the sea not yet invaded? END
START without whose influence would sea growth increase? END
START what was the increase in population from 1950 to 2011? END
START what year started the increase of population to 7 billion? END
START what is the forecast plateau that the population will reach during the 21st century? END
START who is the former chief scientific adviser to the uk government? END
START what was the increase in population from 1957 to 2011? END
START what year started the increase of population to 2 billion? END
START what is the forecast plateau that the population will reach during the 22nd century? END
START who is the former chief scientific parliamentary to the uk government? END
START until at least when will worldwide loss of scientific advisers probably depend much on the worldwide birth rate? END
START what is one of the great agricultural challenges that farmers face? END
START what farms use biologically destructive pesticides END
START what farmers use integrated pest management strategies? END
START what farmers are generally less dependent on capital, biotechnology and energy? END
START what is one of the great polyculture challenges that farmers face? END
START what farms use polyculture destructive pesticides? END
START what farmers use integrated capital management strategies? END
START what farmers are generally less dependent on monoculture farms? END
START what is the approach on a biotechnology farm? END
START what types of parks receive special protection against damage or degradation? END
START who selects national parks? END
START what is the goal of protecting national parks from damage? END
START who usually owns and manages national parks? END
START what activities are prohibited in national parks? END
START what types of parks receive special protection against conservation? END
START who selects designated trails? END
START what is the goal of protecting national parks from roads? END
START who usually owns and manages roads? END
START what activities are prohibited on roads? END
START who is the german federal environment minister? END
START what year did gabriel estimate 30% of of all species will be extinct by? END
START how many plant species are close to extinction? END
START 2012 studies estimated what percentage of mammals could be extinct in 20 years? END
START who is the german federal estimates minister? END
START what year did gabriel estimate 50 percent of all species will be extinct by? END
START how many plant species are increasingly observed? END
START what percentage of animals did 2007 studies estimate could be extinct in 20 years? END
START when did sigmar gabriel cite species-area theory? END
START what is systematically related to the numbers of species? END
START what animals are more sensitive to reduction in habitat area? END
START how is a standardized ecosystem formed? END
START what leads to biodiversity loss is some countries? END
START what is systematically related to the numbers of communities? END
START what animals are more sensitive to reduction of community area? END
START how is a community ecosystem formed? END
START what leads to biodiversity loss in some species? END
START what destroys the more diverse species? END
START what animal unintentionally invaded the us waterways? END
START what animal intentionally invaded hawaii? END
START what animals were not vulnerable to the mongoose? END
START what countries experienced unintended consequences from species invasion? END
START what animal intentionally invaded the us waterways? END
START what animal unintentionally invaded hawaii? END
START what animals were not vulnerable to the zebra mussel? END
START what countries experienced intended consequences from species invasion? END
START what is true about the introduction of the zebra mussel in hawaii? END
START what type of science is firmly fixated on the visible world? END
START what type of life is more metabolically diverse than multicellular life? END
START what type of life is more enviromentally diverse than multicellular life? END
START what rate supports the holocene extinction hypothesis? END
START what type of science is firmly fixated on rna? END
START what type of life is more metabolically diverse than extinction? END
START what type of life is more environmentally diverse than extinction? END
START what rate supports the earth extinction hypothesis? END
START how many species that have been described have been extinct? END
START what term describes the number and variety of plants, animals and other organisms in existence? END
START what ensures the survival of human species by providing food, shelter, other resources to mankind? END
START what influences richness of biodiversity? END
START what term describes all the species of plants in existence? END
START what term describes the components of insects? END
START what ensures the survival of human species by providing insects? END
START what influences richness of insects? END
START what term describes all the species of insects in existence? END
START how many species of insects are known to date? END
START which scientist first used the term biological diversity? END
START what book first contained the term biological diversity? END
START what decade did the term biological diversity become common usage in science and economics? END
START who introduced the term biological diversity to the scientific community? END
START what term was common before biological diversity? END
START which scientist first used the term biology? END
START what book first contained the term biology? END
START what decade did the term biology become common usage in science and economics? END
START who introduced the term biology to the scientific community? END
START what term was common before biology? END
START what provides critical support for drug discovery and the availability of medicinal resources? END
START what percentage of us drugs are derived from plants, animals, and micro-organisms? END
START what percentage of worldwide drugs are derived from nature? END
START what field has biodiversity made critical advances in? END
START what provides critical support for drug discovery and the availability of economic resources? END
START what percentage of us drugs are derived from synthetics? END
START what percentage of worldwide drugs are derived from synthetics? END
START what field has economic resources made critical advances in? END
START what ecosystems are particularly natural? END
START what popularized the use of conventional hybridization to increase yield? END
START what did the high yield strains become resistant to? END
START who has been pushing for hybridization? END
START what caused the loss of biodiversity? END
START what popularized the use of conventional genetic erosion to increase yield? END
START what did the high yield governments become resistant to? END
START who has been pushing for indigenous breeds? END
START what caused the loss of local governments? END
START what do conventional breeds often originate in? END
START what is the ascii based on? END
START how many specific characters are there in the ascii code? END
START how many are non-printing control characters? END
START how many characters are printable characters?  END
START what is the space also known as what? END
START what is based on the binary alphabet? END
START how many specific characters are there in the ascii teletype machines? END
START what did encoded numbers originate with? END
START how many definitions are printable characters? END
START what alphabet is invisible graphic:223 based on? END
START why was the code patterned so that most codes were together? END
START how many positions are in the first two columns? END
START what did the committee decide was important? END
START where was the letter a places in position? END
START why were the lowercase letters patterned so that most codes were together? END
START how many positions are are in the first numeric codes? END
START what did the committee decide would help with special signs? END
START where were the letters dec in position? END
START why were numeric codes converted to graphic codes? END
START ascii was incorporated into what other character set? END
START how many of the symbols are the same in the beginning of the ascii and unicode? END
START what set is backward compatible with 7-bit ascii? END
START ascii was incorporated into what other extensions? END
START how many of the symbols are the same in the end of the ascii and unicode? END
START what set is backward with 128 symbols? END
START what was incorporated into the unicode extensions? END
START what is a utf-8 file containing iso-8859-1 identical to?  END
START what casued the automatic paper tape reader to stop? END
START what caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again? END
START what was the warning signal called that warned the sender that there was impending overflow? END
START what two controls can be configured with 33 asr? END
START what caused the paper tape reader to send a signal warning? END
START what caused the automatic paper tape reader to output control technique? END
START what was the warning signal that warned tape that there was impending overflow? END
START what two controls can be configured from a mobile phone? END
START what is impending overflow replaced by on some systems? END
START what are glass ttys also known as? END
START what did gary kildall clone to create cp/m? END
START when was the introduction of pc dos? END
START what programming did ibm use in the 1970s? END
START what was ibm's pc dos marketed as by microsoft? END
START what did gary klidall clone to create pc dos? END
START when was the introduction of ibm? END
START what programming did dec use in the 1970s? END
START what was ibm's pc dos marketed as by ascii? END
START what is another name for teletype machines? END
START what was created to solve the problem for ansi c? END
START why was their use limited? END
START what did many programmers keep their computers on? END
START what what happening to the words that were sent from programmers? END
START what was created to solve the problem for usenet? END
START what did many programmers keep their sandwiches on? END
START what was happening to the c trigraphs that were sent from programmers? END
START what was "{, }" supposed to mean? END
START what did germans get used to? END
START what was ascii based on? END
START ascii specifies correspondence between what?  END
START what does ascii correspondence allow digital devices to do? END
START how many graphic symbols were used before ascii? END
START how many codes were required for ascii? END
START what was the x3.2 based on? END
START ascii specifies alphabetic characters by what? END
START what does ascii graphic symbols allow digital devices to do? END
START how many graphic symbols were used before encoding systems were invented? END
START how many codes were required for the x3.2? END
START when was ascii first commercially used? END
START what was it used for? END
START what did twx use before ascii? END
START who is the father of ascii? END
START what was the code first called in europe? END
START when was ascii first used by berner-ross? END
START what did twx use because to counter slow loading times of ascii? END
START who competed against ascii? END
START what was the twx first called in europe? END
START who competed against eight-bit teleprinter code? END
START what does the "line feed" function do? END
START what character represents the "line feed" function? END
START what does character 8 represent?  END
START what does rfc 2822 refers to what kind of control characters? END
START what do the "line feed" control characters do? END
START what markup languages represent the "line feed" function? END
START what does document layout does 8 represent? END
START rfc 2822 translates what kind of languages? END
START what does not define any mechanism for carriage return? END
START what did some software do to the ascii characters? END
START what interpretation became common in unix systmes? END
START what do most other systmes use the del to mean? END
START what did other systmes us for "remove previously-typed input character"? END
START what did some software do to the digital equipment corporation? END
START what interpretation became common in bs systems? END
START what other systems use for the terminal? END
START what did the first systems use del to mean? END
START what do computers attached to the arpanet use for line endings? END
START what do computers using operating systems use for line endings? END
START why did telnet define an ascii as a network virtual terminal? END
START how were the connections supported?  END
START who else adopted this practice from telnet? END
START what do computers attached to tenex use for line endings? END
START what do computers using standard text format use for line endings? END
START why did telnet define an ascii as ebcdic? END
START how were the network virtual terminals supported? END
START who else adopted this practice from ascii? END
START when was iso/iec 646 published? END
START what was ascii inteded to be? END
START when was iso's first acceptance of an international recommendation? END
START what was causing the confusion and incompatibility of the code points? END
START when was iso's last acceptance at an international recommendation? END
START what was causing the confusion and incompatibility of the shared characters? END
START what were code points ultimately published as? END
START when did the publication's choices cause confusion and incompatibility? END
START what shared no characters in common? END
START what did most early home computers develop? END
START what did kaypro cp/m computers use? END
START what did ibm pc replace the control-characters with? END
START what did digital equipment corporation develop? END
START what did macintosh use instead of graphics?  END
START what did most early graphic characters develop? END
START what did ibm pc replace the code pages with? END
START what did macintosh use instead of hardware? END
START what did digital equipment corporation develop for use in game glyphs? END
START what replaced the greek alphabet with graphic symbols? END
START what does ascii stand for? END
START what is the definition of ascii? END
START what does ascii code represent? END
START asci was the most common character encoding on the world wide web until when? END
START who surpassed ascii? END
START what was ascii designed to represent before going through major changes? END
START ascii was the second most common character encoding on the world wide web until when? END
START who made ascii obselete? END
START what are most fully backward schemes based on? END
START what does most communications equipment represent? END
START why did the committee debate adding a shift function? END
START what is different in a shifted code? END
START why did they decide against shifting code? END
START what happened after they decided agasint shifting? END
START why did the committee debate adding a character code function? END
START what is different in a compact code? END
START why did they decide against deleting all the code? END
START what happened after they decided to make all employees work the same schedule? END
START what allows seven-bit code? END
START what was the "escape" character originally intended for? END
START what does modern esc code do? END
START what does esc generally mean for graphical user interfaces and windowing systems? END
START what was the "escape" character meant to stop? END
START what does esc generally mean for left-brackets? END
START what is most often used as a command sequence? END
START where does esc generally cause an application to abort its given meanings? END
START what is an esc sent to control characters usually in the form of? END
START what did older operating systems use to mark the end of the text? END
START what does eof stand for? END
START what is still the conventional use of the etx code? END
START what else is the end-of-text code known as? END
START what did older operating systems use to mark control code? END
START what is still the conventional use of the eof code? END
START what else does the end-of text code use to track file length? END
START where does a control code usually come from? END
START what is using z as the end of text analogous to? END
START what was ascii developed from?  END
START what was the first commercial use of ascii? END
START when did work on the ascii standard begin?  END
START when was the first edition of the standard published? END
START when was the first major revision of the code done? END
START what did ascii form a subcommittee from? END
START what was the first alphebetization use of ascii? END
START when did work on the ascii preliminary bell code begin? END
START when was the first edition of the bell code published? END
START when was the final revision of the code done? END
START why did the committee consider a 8 bit code? END
START why did the committee decide on 7bit instead? END
START what allowed for a parity bit for error chicking if needed? END
START why did the committee consider a 0 bit code? END
START why did the company decide on 9bit instead? END
START what allowed for a parity bit for data transmission if needed? END
START what did seven-bit machines that did not use parity typically set the eight bit to? END
START how many bits in one position could be recorded by binary code? END
START what was ascii published as and when? END
START how many code positions were left unassigned for furture standardization? END
START when was the change to ascii made official? END
START the lower case letters caused a differ in the patter, what did this cause? END
START how many code positions were left lowercase for future standardization? END
START when was the change to ascii rejected? END
START the lower case letters caused a differ in the pattern, how did this change the vote? END
START who proposed to assign code positions without any meaning? END
START what task group voted its approval for the standardization of ascii stock prices?  END
START what is a retified versionof ascii? END
START what type of extensions do these other character encodings have? END
START why did most countries need a adapted version of ascii? END
START why are the other versions of ascii not true ascii? END
START what is an identical version of ascii? END
START what type of extensions do these other standard bodies have? END
START why did brasil need an adapted version of ascii? END
START why are the other versions of ascii charging extra for extensions? END
START what country had it own version that supported international standards? END
START what was the most influential device that interpretated the characters? END
START what was the teletype model 33 asr? END
START when was paper tape popular? END
START why was paper tape better than magnetic tape? END
START what code eventually became neglected? END
START what was the most influential devide that became de facto standard? END
START what competed with the teletype model 33 asr? END
START when was paper trade classified as earned income? END
START why was paper tape better than timesharing systems? END
START what code eventually became popularized by ascii-1963? END
START why were problems created when transferring files between systems? END
START teletype machines had to have two codes to termanate a line, what were they? END
START where does the name "carriage return" come from? END
START what side does the carriage have to be pushed to when starting a new line? END
START why were problems created when beginning a line? END
START teletype machines had to have entire carriages to terminate a line, what were they?  END
START what side does the carriage have to be pushed to without moving the printhead? END
START what moves the printhead to the various operating systems? END
START which advances the paper where the typebars strike the ribbon? END
START when was the first typewritter with a shift key created? END
START what were used instead of 0 and 1?  END
START what layout did the teletype model 33 use? END
START do shift values for symbols on modern keyboards correspond closely to the ascii table? END
START when was the first typewriter with a 0 key created? END
START what were used instead of underscores? END
START what space character did the teletype model 33 use? END
START what is the official name of code 127? END
START what was code 127 labeled as for the teletype? END
START why did teletype have the code for "rubout"? END
START what is the official name of an existing mark? END
START what was nul named as for the teletype? END
START why did teletype have extra spaces for "rubout"? END
START what happened to replacements of control codes? END
START why was standard code useful for paper tape? END
START why is adding two characters at the ned of a line problemsome?  END
START what id multics use to simplify plain text data? END
START who adopted this practice from multics? END
START what used carriage return(cr) alone as a line terminator? END
START when did apple replace their cr with line feed (lf)? END
START why is adding the unix-based operating system at the end of a line problemsome? END
START what did characters use to simplify plain text data? END
START who adopted this practice from apple? END
START what used carriage return(cr) alone as a data stream? END
START when did amiga stystems replace their cr with line feed (lf)?  END
START what is the first step in the human digestive system? END
START what is saliva? END
START what is in saliva that starts to digest the starches? END
START what is the definition of bolus? END
START what is the action of the food morving down the esophagus into the stomach called? END
START what is the practive of coprophagia behaviours? END
START why do some animals pass food through their gut twice? END
START what happens with these soft feacal pellets? END
START are normal droppings also eaten?  END
START what are the two types of digestion? END
START when did external digestion develop? END
START what still uses the external digestion system? END
START what is the name of the tube that helps add in animal digestion? END
START why is internal digection better than external? END
START what elements can transfer to plant cells? END
START where do transferred genes enter? END
START what do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources? END
START what happens to infected plant cells? END
START what are endosymbionts of the bacteria? END
START where are teeth found? END
START what are teeth used for? END
START what are teeth made out of? END
START what in human teeth enables proprioception? END
START what happens when you bite something you cant chew? END
START what is the fourth and final stomach compartment in ruminants? END
START what is the abomasums close equivalent? END
START what does this site serve primarily as? END
START what happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine? END
START what is also digested in the small intestine? END
START what does a earthworms digestive systme consist of? END
START what does an earthworm eat? END
START what helps the earthworm grab grass leaves and weeds? END
START what is the food coated with for easier passage? END
START what part of the earthworm helps churn and mix the dirt and food? END
START where does the digestions of some fats start? END
START where are fats mainly digested? END
START what happens when there is a presence of fat in the small intestine? END
START what does bile from the liver help do? END
START what is one molecule of fat? END
START what is digestion? END
START in some organisms, how are these molecules absorbed? END
START what are the two ways that food is broken down? END
START what is mechanical digestion? END
START what is chemical digestion? END
START what are three digestions phases? END
START where does the cephalic phase occur? END
START where are taste and smell stimuli sent to? END
START how long does the gastric phase take? END
START how is the gastric phase stimulated to start? END
START what happens in a chennel transupport system?  END
START what three protien subunites are in the chennel transupport system? END
START what does this secretion system transport? END
START what other method does gram-negative bacters use to release material? END
START what happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane? END
START what does the release of vesicles seem to demenstrate? END
START what virulence factors do some bacterial species have? END
START what muscle movements are used for digestion? END
START what does every stpe of digestion require? END
START what does needing energy to digest impose? END
START over head charges influence what? END
START where does digestion begin? END
START what is food formed into before it is swallowed? END
START where does food go after the esophagus? END
START what is the action of food being moved into the stomach? END
START what does gastric juice consist of? END
START what is lactase? END
START what are lactoses component parts? END
START where are glucose and galactose absorbed? END
START what percent of the population are unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods? END
START what is knon as when you are  unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods? END
START what is the resulting thick liquid called? END
START what does chyme mix with in the duodenum? END
START where does hyme go after the duodenum? END
START where is chyme absorbed into? END
START where does 95% of absobtion of nutrients occur? END
START what is the firs phase in preparation for digestion  in mammals? END
START what is the cephalic phase? END
START what digestions begin in the mouth? END
START what happens in the stomach after the food is chewed and mixed with starches? END
START where does absorption occur? END
START where does protein digestion occur? END
START what are the three main enzymes that break down food? END
START what are digestive enzymes mostly secreted as? END
START what are dipeptidases broken down into? END
START what organ secretes chymotrypsin? END
START what is the maximum length of a runway? END
START who gets to chose where a gymnast starts to run on the runway? END
START what position is the gymnast when in the air? END
START what are later added to the landing by advanced gymnasts? END
START what do successful vaults depend on other than speed of the run? END
START when does a gymnast put both hands in the air? END
START what is kicking? END
START what do the judges choose? END
START what is it called when gymnasts do routines with their team? END
START what rules state that only women can compete in rhythmic gymastics? END
START what does rhythmic gymastics combine together? END
START what five seperate apparatuses are used in the five separate routines? END
START which is more focused on, aesthetics or acrobatics? END
START how many possible points are there for rhythmic routines? END
START what rules determine what women are allowed to wear? END
START what places a greater emphasis on the acrobatic rather than the aesthetic? END
START what items do men use? END
START what sport combines elements of jumping, bars, and tumbling? END
START how many points do gymnasts need to get to the second round? END
START what does agg stand for? END
START why is agg different than rhythmic gymnastics?  END
START do athletes use apparatuses in the international agg competitions? END
START what physical qualities are needed for rhythmic gymastics?  END
START what year was the federsation of aesthetic group gymnastics established? END
START what is another name for rhythmic gymnastics? END
START what is used on the floor area in agg? END
START what characterized a bad performance? END
START in what year did agg begin? END
START what language does the word expression come from? END
START what is the rope made out of that the gymnists uses in their routine? END
START how long is the rope? END
START what are at the ends of the ropes to help the gymnists hold it? END
START what other requirement is there for the rope? END
START when did fig decide to nullify the use of ropes in competition? END
START what is made out of cotton and reeds? END
START why are the ropes covered in powder? END
START what is the anti-slip material made from? END
START in what year were ropes first used in the gymnastic world championships? END
START what is the length of gymnast head bands? END
START where was the fig founded? END
START what year was fig founded? END
START when was gymnastics included in the olympics? END
START when were the first women's olympic competitions held? END
START where were the first women's olympic competitions held? END
START what year was the bit founded? END
START where were the first olympic games held? END
START what events were in the first men's gymnastics? END
START when did athletes start getting medals? END
START when did the first south american country compete in the olympic games? END
START how long is the run way in vaulting? END
START how man feet do vaulters land on? END
START what determines where a vaulter starts on the runway? END
START what is a round-off entry vault called? END
START what is the most common vault in elite level gymnastics? END
START what factors in to a gymnast's score? END
START what do gymnasts do while waiting for their turn? END
START what vault leaves gymnasts in a hand stand? END
START in what kind of events do gymnasts jump through fire? END
START what is the most dangerous vault in elite gymnastics? END
START how are gymnasts scored? END
START how is the start vaule determined? END
START what is this score called? END
START deductions in execution and artistry are taken from what score? END
START what were added to scoring in 2007? END
START what is another name for a 10.0? END
START what is it called when a gymnast barely passes? END
START what score is determined by the fans? END
START when was the e score first implemented? END
START what deductions are taken from the e score? END
START when were the technical rules for the japanses version of men's rhythmic gymnastics formed? END
START how many apparatuses are used? END
START what are the types of apparatuses used? END
START what apparatuses do groups use? END
START when did japan hold the first of the men's rhythmic gymnastics world champtionship? END
START when did the technical rules for women's rhythmic gymnastics come around? END
START what does the soviet version include? END
START when did china first host the men's rhythmic gymnastics world championship? END
START what apparatus types are only used in japan? END
START who hosted the first gymnastics world championship? END
START what greek word did gymnastics derive from? END
START what does the  verb gymnazo mean? END
START why was this verb used? END
START when did the word come into use? END
START when did gymnasts start competing with clothing? END
START what does the word gymnoto mean? END
START what greek noun means "naked"? END
START what language does gymnazein come from? END
START what word means playing in the gymnasium? END
START what year was the olympic games apparatus and events standardized? END
START what is the grading structure? END
START who set the first precedent that continues this day? END
START who recieved the first perfect score? END
START what year and where was the first perfect score given? END
START when did men and women start wearing matching uniforms? END
START who wanted the olympic games to be held every year? END
START what medium gave gymnasts a bad reputation? END
START who received a perfect score at the 1980 olympics? END
START who was the first gymnastics judge? END
START what does a typical pommel horse exercise consist of? END
START single leg skills are found in the form of what normally? END
START what is the main staple of this event? END
START when does the routine end? END
START what are two ways that a gymnist dismounts? END
START what exercise involves single arm and double arm work? END
START what is it called when a gymnast cartwheels on a pommel horse? END
START when do routines begin? END
START why do gymnasts dismount? END
START what is a critical skill in terms of execution in scores? END
START where do most injuries happen? END
START how do you avoid injuries? END
START what is a successful landing? END
START what kind of pass limits injuries? END
START what injuries are caused when using the wrong mat? END
START in what kind of landing are the knee and hip joints at less than 63 degrees of flexion?  END
START what is the most dangerous gymnastic routine? END
START what kind of landings cause gymnasts to lose points? END
START individual routines start with what phases? END
START what does the gymnast do during the 10 bounces. END
START what is the maximum scroe for routines? END
START how can additional points be earned? END
START in high level competitions how many preliminary rountines are there? END
START what routines involve the gymnast jumping once to achieve height? END
START how many moves must be shown to the judges? END
START what happens if a gymnast falls down? END
START how many preliminary routines are there in novice competitions? END
START what happens if the athlete does not know the assigned moves? END
START what are the uneven bars? END
START what are these bars made out of? END
START why are the bars not made of wood anymore? END
START how have the bars changed over the years? END
START how do gymnasts normally mount the uneven bars? END
START why are uneven bars round? END
START what did gymnasts do to accommodate taller people?  END
START what are gymnasts prohibited from using with uneven bars? END
START what purpose to hand wraps serve? END
START what does a higher flight phase result in? END
START what is vertical ground reaction force? END
START what else is an important aspect that affects linear and agular movements? END
START what does horizontal ground reaction force represent? END
START what overcomes internal force? END
START what happens when gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing? END
START how do gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing? END
START what results in a lower vertical ground reaction force? END
START what was aerobic gymnastics called orginally? END
START what does aerobic gymnastiscs involve? END
START how many people can be in a routine? END
START what is the size of the mat? END
START how long do the routines last? END
START what involves the performance of routines by groups of up to 10 people? END
START what is the minimum floor size allowed by the fig? END
START how long do judges have to submit final scores? END
START when did aerobic gymnastics begin? END
START what determines what props groups can bring? END
START what kind of routines do general gymnastic groups perform? END
START what do the troupes consist of? END
START when was the first world gymnaestrada held? END
START what was the first sport program recongized by fig? END
START how many participants are there? END
START what gymnastics are separated into age divisions? END
START in what year did gymnastics first include men? END
START what enables people of all ages to participate in performance groups of 5 or less? END
START how many gymnasts are governed by fig? END
START in what year did gymnastics start having group performances? END
START what is gymnastics? END
START who governs all events in gymnastics? END
START what does each country have? END
START what are the best known gymnastic events? END
START what events does this normally consist of for women? END
START what are the children's events? END
START what gymnastic event was discontinued? END
START who were the first to use still rings? END
START what sport evolved from polo? END
START what does each city have? END
START what two germans were known for creating exercises on apparauses? END
START what did the exercises lead to? END
START who introduced educative gymnastics in france? END
START what did jahn promote the use of? END
START who was born on february 18, 1770? END
START who was a spanish admiral? END
START who created exercises for girls? END
START who was the first person to introduce educative gymnastic in italy? END
START who designed what led to ancient gymnastics? END
START when did fig decide that scores are no longer limited to 10 points? END
START what are the two different scores? END
START what score was added? END
START how much is a fall deduction? END
START what is a gymnast's difficulty score based on? END
START when were scores first limited to 10 points? END
START which score was thought to be more important? END
START what bonus is awarded if the gymnast arrives on time? END
START what is the minimum gymnastics score? END
START what is used to determine an execution score? END
START what is the floor exercise events performed on now? END
START what was the floor exercise even on before? END
START why helps add an extra bounce to the floor? END
START what is the maximum for floor events? END
START what kind of surface is banned from the olympics? END
START what advantage to wrestling mats have over spring floors? END
START how long do gymnasts have to rest between routines? END
START what happens if a gymnast only used three tumbling lines? END
START how many tumbling passes are required for level 6? END
START what do athletes perform for tumbling? END
START when was tumbling orginally contested at the olympics? END
START where are offical tumbling competitions allowed? END
START what year did fig reconginze trampoline and acrobatic gymnastics? END
START what is involved in trampolining? END
START when were the first pan american games END
START what restriction was placed on tumbling in 1997? END
START what year did the trampoline championships begin? END
START what was contested as one of the events in men's artistic gymnastics at the 1938 summer olympics? END
START what are mens' rhythmic gymnastics related to? END
START where did mens' rhythmic gymnastics develop from? END
START what is the aim of stick gymnastics? END
START what are the main focus? END
START how many mens' rhythmic gymnasts were in japan in 2002? END
START what is related to women's artistic gymnastics and hop scotch? END
START where is dancing most popular? END
START what country practices an unusual form of rhythmic gymnastics? END
START where did gymnastic begin? END
START why do people in japan eat a diet high in fiber? END
START how many uefa championship league titles has barcelona won? END
START how many uefa  cup winners' cup wins does barcelona have? END
START how many uefa super cup wins does the barcelona team have? END
START how many fifa club world cup trophies does football club barcelona have? END
START what club is barcelona's long time rival? END
START in 1925 what incident by the crowd caused the closing of the stadium? END
START how long was the stadium closed? END
START what year did barcelona claim to be a professional football club? END
START when did barcelona win the spanish league? END
START what past president of the barcelona club committed suicide in 1930? END
START how much did barcelona pay to acquire johan cruyff? END
START  for what team did cruyff refuse to play? END
START what dictator's rule was cruyff's reason for avoiding real madrid? END
START what award did cruyff win during his first year with barcelona? END
START when did cruyff win his third ballon d'or? END
START how long did ronaldo remain with barcelona? END
START when did barcelona win a copa del rey and la liga double? END
START when was the centenari of barcelona celebrated? END
START what title did barcelona win in 1999? END
START which barcelona player was the fourth to win european footballer of the year? END
START how many players did barcelona list on the day their transfer ban ended? END
START what event in february did barcelona qualify for for the sixth time? END
START how many consecutive wins did barcelona have in 2010-11? END
START with which team did barcelona have a 1-1 draw in the 2015-16 copa del rey? END
START besides arda turan, what other player became eligible to play in 2016? END
START what team is dominate in won games in la liga? END
START what team has beaten barcelona three times in 80 seasons? END
START what team won the all-catalan copa del rey in 1957? END
START which team has the largest margin win? END
START when was espanyol's margin win of 6-0? END
START besides barcelona and real madrid, what other team has remained in the primera division? END
START what series of wins did barcelona achieve in 2009? END
START how many competition wins did barcelona have in 2011? END
START when was barcelona able to win the continental treble for the second time? END
START how many uefa champions league wins does barcelona have? END
START what is the  number of uefa cup winners' cup competitions barcelona has won? END
START how many uefa super cup awards does barcelona have? END
START what is the number of fifa club world  cup trophies barcelona has? END
START what competition is the predecessor to the uefa cup-europa league? END
START who was murdered on 6 august, 1936? END
START besides being club president, what was sunyol involved in to have caused his murder? END
START what was sunyol called after his death? END
START what was club barcelona considered to represent when on tour in 1937? END
START where did half of the barcelona team seek asylum in 1937? END
START how many consecutive la liga titles did barcelona win from 1991-94? END
START by 1992 who was barcelona's most successful manager? END
START for how many years was cruyff manager for barcelona? END
START what feature of play did cruyff introduce to barcelona? END
START what failure did cruyff have in his last two seasons as manager with barcelona? END
START under whose direction was there disappointment? END
START after gaspart, who was manager of team barcelona? END
START at this time, what type of players were added to barcelona? END
START what season did barcelona win la liga and supercopa de espana? END
START which player won fifa world player of the year? END
START how many times did barcelona win the copa del rey? END
START what team did barcelona beat to win la liga for the 2008-09 season? END
START what team did barcelona beat to win 2008-09 champions league title? END
START which spanish team did barcelona defeat to win the supercopa de espana? END
START when barcelona won 2009 fifa club world cup, what first time feat did they accomplish? END
START when did tito vilanova become manager of fc barcelona? END
START who did vilanova replace as manager? END
START how many total points did barcelona collect during the 20012 season? END
START who was barcelona's top scorer? END
START when was the barcelona team become spanish football champions for the 22nd time? END
START to whom did barcelona appeal to lift the transfer bad? END
START during what year was barcelona not allowed to use  their transfer windows? END
START when was zubizareta fired by the board? END
START what position did zubizareta have? END
START after firing the director, what did barcelona form? END
START how many registered fan clubs does barcelona have worldwide? END
START what are the fan clubs called? END
START how many facebook followers does team barcelona have? END
START what famous cleric was a supporter of barcelona? END
START what is the only team that has a higher attendance rate than club barcelona?  END
START what team is barcelona's local rival? END
START what club was granted royal patronage? END
START what type of group founded espanyol? END
START of what element of barcelona's board did espanyol disapprove? END
START of what does team espanyol view barcelona as a team ? END
START what royal symbol appears on the club's crest? END
START beside a palm, what tree appears on the crest? END
START when was a competition held to produce a team crest? END
START who was the winner of the crest competition?  END
START what flag is on the team crest? END
START what was the number of team barcelona supporters by 1922? END
START what did barcelona build in 1922? END
START how many people could camp de les corts hold? END
START after several expansions how many people could the stadium hold? END
START when was the last expansion of les corts? END
START when did the italians bomb barcelona? END
START why was club barcelona placed under restrictions during the occupation? END
START what kind of signs were removed form club barcelona? END
START what flag was removed from the club's crest? END
START what new named was the barcelona club forced to adopt? END
START how much was the signing payment for diego maradona? END
START when was diego maradona signed by barcelona? END
START who did barcelona defeat the season following the signing of maradona? END
START who was hired as manager in 1984? END
START what caused the loss to steaua bucuresti in seville? END
START when was barcelona founded? END
START who led the founders of the barcelona football club? END
START what is the barcelona motto? END
START how much is club barcelona worth? END
START what is the title of the barcelona club song? END
START in what year did barcelona win its first trophy?  END
START what was the first cup barcelona won? END
START when did joan gamper become the president of the barcelona club? END
START how many times between 1908 and 1925 was gamper president? END
START why did gamper want barcelona to acquire a stadium of its own? END
START what team won the first match in the 1943 copa del generalissimo? END
START what was the score of the second match in 1943 played against real madrid? END
START who is rumored to have threatened barcelona players before the match against real madrid? END
START what journalist alleged that the barcelona team was threatened to make certain of real madrid's win? END
START what was proven about the alleged threats to barcelona before the game? END
START what team was dominate in the 1960s in la liga? END
START due to the emergence of fuste and rexach, what competition did barcelona win in 1963? END
START what competition did barcelona win in 1966? END
START who was present when barcelona beat real madrid in 1968? END
START with franco's dictatorship over, to what did barcelona change their name ? END
START what political group wanted nunez to resign the presidency? END
START  to what did boixos nois idetify themselves as belonging? END
START what right-wing separatists tried to spread fascism to the boixos nois? END
START what did the resulting split in the boixos nois group cause many to support? END
START what did the resulting violence perpetrated by the extremists produce? END
START how did barcelona finish the 2006-07 season? END
START what event was blamed for the injuries to barcelona stars? END
START what team beat barcelona in la liga in the 2006-07 season? END
START to whom was messi's goal in the first leg of the copa del rey compared? END
START what team pushed barcelona out of the champions league play? END
START what competition did barcelona win because of goals by messi and fabregas? END
START which team did barcelona beat to win the uefa super cup? END
START  how many total trophies did  barcelona's super cup win produce? END
START what team did barcelona's total competition wins pass? END
START who is the record holder for most trophy wins as coach of barcelona? END
START when fifa ban barcelona from buying players? END
START what was the fifa  charge that barcelona violated? END
START what fine did fifa impose on barcelona for the rules violation? END
START when did fifa reject an appeal of the rules violation ruling? END
START what did the pending appeal allow barcelona to do anyway? END
START who did barcelona beat to win the 2015 uefa super cup? END
START what team did barcelona defeat to win the 2015 fifa world cup final? END
START what was the only team to match barcelona's record of trophy wins by 2015? END
START how many goals did barcelona score to break the record for most goals in a year? END
START what teams previous record was 178 goals in a year? END
START where did barcelona defeat real madrid for a trophy win in 2005-06? END
START what was the winning score for the game with real madrid at bernabeu stadium? END
START how many wins did frank rijkaard have at bernabeu stadium? END
START what recognition did ronaldinho's second goal receive at bernabeu? END
START what team did barcelona defeat to win the champions league trophy? END
START what caused the suppression of regional cultures? END
START of the languages of the are, what was the only approved language? END
START how did the catalans show their identity during the dictatorships? END
START what team was awarded by franco for having a good relationship? END
START what motto of the team barcelona appealed to the catalans? END
START who was elected as president of the barcelona club in 2010? END
START what percentage of the votes for president did rosell get? END
START what was rosell's record number of votes he received for president? END
START how much did barcelona pay to sign  david villa? END
START what team did barcelona beat in el clasico in 2010? END
START when did espanyol  offer a counter-petition against autonomy? END
START which civil war group did some espanyol supporters join? END
START what event is more relevant to espanyol supporters than to barcelona fans? END
START from what language did espanyol translate their name? END
START how has the rivalry between espanyol and barcelona  changed? END
START what is lionel messi's goal total in all competitions? END
START how many players on the barelona team have scored over 100 goals? END
START what is messi's total goal scores in official competitions? END
START how many goals has messi scored in la liga competitions? END
START who is the next highest goal scorer after mess? END
START what team has won the treble competitions  twice? END
START what competition did barcelona win on may 17 of the 2014-15 season? END
START what team did barcelona defeat to win their 23rd la liga title? END
START what have the trio of players , messi, suarez, and neymar been called? END
START how many total goals have the trio msn  scored in the 2014-15 season? END
START what corporate sponsorship did barcelona agree to in 2006?  END
START how much does barcelona donate to unicef per year? END
START what target does the barcelona donation to unicef match? END
START who recommended setting up the fc barcelona foundation? END
START what was the barcelona foundation meant to attract?  END
START what is the game between the rivals barcelona and real madrid called? END
START what basic difference is there between the teams of barcelona and real madrid? END
START what areas of spain do the teams of barcelona and real madrid represent? END
START what kind of tensions are the two teams viewed as displaying? END
START besides the areas of spain, what other differences are there between barcelona and real madrid? END
START why did the stadium need to be redesigned in 1980? END
START what were people allowed to do to bricks for a fee to support the stadium redesign? END
START how did supporters of the team view the inscriptions on bricks idea? END
START what name inscription was a center of controversy? END
START what is the capacity of the barcelona stadium? END
START how was espanyol viewed as being toward spanish authority by the people of barcelona? END
START what kind of spirit does team barcelona seem to encourage? END
START what type of supporters did barcelona  attract? END
START from where did espanyol draw their supporters? END
START when did barcelona act as a draw to new arrivals from catalan? END
START when were the blue and red colors worn for a game by barcelona? END
START when the colors were first worn, what team did barcelona play? END
START from what source do catalons think the red/blue colors originated? END
START what do the red and yellow stripes of the away kit symbolize? END
START what are barcelona's most often used change colors? END
START how many goals did laszlo kubala score in 256 matches? END
START what titles did barcelona win in 1948 and 1949? END
START when did barcelona sign kubala? END
START in what year did barcelona begin the construction of a new stadium? END
START who blessed the first stone of the new stadium? END
START which sports team has the world's largest social media following? END
START how ballon d'or awards have members of the barcelona team won? END
START how amny fifa world player of the year have members of fc barcelona won? END
START how amny of barcelona's players were picked as the three best players of the year in 2010? END
START where did messi, iniesta and xavi learn their football in barcelona? END
START how many times did barcelona win the pyrenees cup? END
START from what area were the participants of the pyrenees cup competition? END
START when was the pyrenees cup play begun? END
START who was barcelona's first full time coach? END
START when was the last pyrenees cup played? END
START who was the first elected president of the barcelona club? END
START when was nunez elected as president of fc barcelona? END
START what group elects the club president? END
START how long was nunez president of barcelona? END
START what was nunez known to be strict about? END
START what team did favorite play luis figo leave barcelona to join? END
START what kind of treatment was figo offered during visits to barcelona? END
START after figo's departure what happened the next three years? END
START what rank was club barcelona in 2003? END
START after barcelona's poor showing in the 2003 season , who resigned from the presidency? END
START who returned to barcelona as head coach? END
START how long did enrique 's deal as coach run? END
START how much did barcelona pay for luis saurez? END
START why was saurez not playing for four months? END
START who banned saurez for four months after he bit another player? END
START what is the nickname for a barcelona supporter? END
START how much of the spanish population are barcelona supporters? END
START how much of the population of spain are supporters of real madrid? END
START what was the club membership in 2003-04? END
START what did the club membership grow to by 2009? END
START in 1950 what player was successful for real madrid? END
START when did barcelona meet real madrid twice in europe? END
START what was a match between real madrid and barcelona called in 2002? END
START how many people watched the match of the century? END
START which team won the 2002 match between real madrid and barcelona? END
START what did forbes say barcelona was worth in 2010? END
START in what place does the forbes ranking put barcelona? END
START besides real madrid and arsenal,what other team is ahead of barcelona in worth ranking? END
START what was barcelona's revenue in 2010? END
START where  in 2014 did forbes rank barcelona as to how valuable a sports team they are? END
START when did barcelona become the first spanish team to win the treble competitions? END
START in 2009 barcelona became the first team to win six of six competitions in what span of time? END
START what european football team has won the treble twice? END
START during which football season did barcelona win its second treble? END
START what team has played continental football every season since 1955? END
