START what process begins after a death sentence is handed down at trial? END
START in a direct review, what type of court looks at the record? END
START how many possible outcomes are there of a capital sentencing direct review? END
START what percentage of convictions survive direct review? END
START in a direct review, what court has its record reviewed by the appellate court? END
START what process begins before a death sentence is handed down at trial? END
START  in an indirect review, what type of court looks at the record? END
START  how many possible outcomes are there of a capital sentencing indirect review? END
START what percentage of convictions don't survive direct review? END
START in a direct review, what court has its record not reviewed by the appellate court? END
START in what year was the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act passed? END
START how many habeas corpus suits does the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act normally allow in federal court? END
START what is the us code citation for the civil rights act of 1871? END
START why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the civil rights act of 1871? END
START in what year was the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act rejected? END
START how many habeas corpus suits does the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act never allow in federal court? END
START  what is the us code citation for the civil rights act of 1971? END
START why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the civil rights act of 1801? END
START who was executed by firing squad on january 17, 1977? END
START in what state was gary gilmore executed? END
START on what date was john spenkelink executed? END
START in what state did jesse bishop's execution occur? END
START how was charles brooks, jr. executed? END
START who was executed by firing squad on january 17, 1927? END
START  in what state was gary gilmore freed? END
START  on what date was john spenkelink freed? END
START  in what state did jesse bishop's freedom ruling occur? END
START  how was charles brooks, jr. freed? END
START what was a common nickname for the electric chair? END
START what color was alabama's electric chair? END
START what state notably had electric chair malfunctions? END
START due to electric chair malfunctions, what method of execution became preferred? END
START prior to the popularity of lethal injection, what was the preferred method of executing criminals in america? END
START what was an uncommon nickname for the electric chair? END
START  what color was arkansas's electric chair? END
START  what state never notably had electric chair malfunctions? END
START due to electric chair malfunctions, what method of execution was not preferred? END
START prior to the popularity of lethal injection, what was the preferred method of executing criminals in south america? END
START what state has had only a single execution? END
START when was the last person executed in the district of columbia? END
START when did oregon reinstate the death penalty? END
START in what year did an oregon referendum succeed in restoring the death penalty, only to be shot down due to a court ruling? END
START what state notably abolished the death penalty and then reintroduced it, but didn't use it again? END
START what state has had only a double execution? END
START  when was the first person executed in the district of columbia? END
START  when did oregon reject the death penalty? END
START in what year did an oregon referendum succeed in restoring the death penalty, only to be passed due to a court ruling? END
START what state notably abolished the death penalty and then reintroduced it, and used it frequently? END
START in the united states, how many murders are there for each execution? END
START how many murder convictions occur in the us per execution? END
START how many states in the us have the death penalty? END
START what state has the highest rate of death sentences per person? END
START what does alabama law allow judges to do that isn't allowed in other states? END
START in the united states, how many rapes are there for each execution? END
START  how many murder releases occur in the us per execution? END
START  how many states in the us do not have the death penalty? END
START  what state has the lowest rate of death sentences per person? END
START what does alabama law allow judges to do that is allowed in other states? END
START what territory's constitution says "the death penalty shall not exist"? END
START what us state prohibits the death penalty in its constitution? END
START how many us states have passed laws outlawing the death penalty? END
START under what jurisdiction can capital offenses still be committed in puerto rico? END
START what territory's constitution says "the death penalty shall definitely exist"? END
START  what us state allows the death penalty in its constitution? END
START how many uk towns have passed laws outlawing the death penalty? END
START under what jurisdiction can capital offenses never be committed in puerto rico? END
START in what year was the death penalty suspended in the us? END
START what supreme court case resulted in capital punishment being suspended? END
START who was executed on june 2, 1967? END
START what amendment to the united states constitution forbids cruel and unusual punishment? END
START in what year was the suspension of the death penalty in the united states ended? END
START in what year was the death penalty allowed in the us? END
START what supreme court case resulted in capital punishment being allowed? END
START  who was executed on june 2, 1987? END
START what amendment to the united states constitution allows cruel and unusual punishment? END
START in what year was the suspension of the death penalty in south america ended? END
START what state's law says that death sentences must take place in an "enclosure"? END
START what law has similar language to missouri revised statute ยง 546.730? END
START what state's law mandated that executions occur in ""room or place enclosed from public view"? END
START along with united states code title 18 ยง 3596, what federal law limits the people who can witness a federal execution? END
START what state's law requires that capital punishment occur "within the walls" of a penitentiary? END
START what state's law says that death sentences must not take place in an "enclosure"? END
START what law has different language to missouri revised statute ยง 546.730? END
START what state's law mandated that executions occur in ""room or place enclosed from private view"? END
START  along with united states code title 18 ยง 3596, what federal law limits the people who won't witness a federal execution? END
START in what year was gregg v. georgia decided? END
START along with the guilt-innocence phase, what is the other phase of a death penalty trial under gregg v. georgia? END
START what is the only conviction that can lead to the death penalty? END
START along with aggravating factors, what other factors are considered at the second hearing? END
START what is decided at the first proceeding? END
START  in what year was gregg v. georgia undecided? END
START along with the innocence phase, what is the other phase of a death penalty trial under gregg v. georgia? END
START what isn't the only conviction that can lead to the death penalty? END
START  along with aggravating factors, what other factors are considered at the third hearing? END
START  what is decided at the second proceeding? END
START how many executions occurred in 1999? END
START what was the number of people executed in 2015? END
START in what year did the reauthorization of capital punishment occur? END
START how many people have been executed in the united states since 1976? END
START which state has the largest number of people awaiting execution? END
START how many executions occurred in 1959? END
START  what was the number of people executed in 2018? END
START in what year did the unauthorization of capital punishment occur? END
START  how many people have been freed from being executed in the united states since 1976? END
START  which state has the smallest number of people awaiting execution? END
START in november 2008, who was on death penalty without a murder conviction? END
START who did demarcus sears kidnap? END
START in what state was gloria ann wilbur murdered? END
START in what year was demarcus sears convicted of kidnapping? END
START a jury in what state sentenced demarcus sears to death? END
START in november 2018, who was on death penalty without a murder conviction? END
START  who did demarcus sears let go free? END
START  in what state was gloria ann wilbur born? END
START  in what year was demarcus sears freed of kidnapping? END
START a jury in what state sentenced demarcus sears to freedom? END
START when a prisoner is given a death sentence in a state, what is the first step of collateral review? END
START about what percentage of capital convictions are overturned due to state collateral review? END
START in 2010, how many death sentences were overturned due to reversals from courts or appeals? END
START what is an example of an issue that is raised in collateral review? END
START when a prisoner is given a death sentence in a state, what is the last step of collateral review? END
START about what percentage of capital convictions are never overturned due to state collateral review? END
START  in 2010, how many death sentences were never overturned due to reversals from courts or appeals? END
START what is an example of an issue that isn't raised in collateral review? END
START in what case did the supreme court allow section 1983 to be used to challenge a method of execution? END
START in what year was hill v. mcdonough decided? END
START what amendment of the constitution does cruel and unusual punishment violate? END
START what case notably upheld the use of a method of lethal injection? END
START along with section 1983, through what means can a convict on death row challenge his execution? END
START n what case did the supreme court allow section 1989 to be used to challenge a method of execution? END
START  in what year was hill v. mcdonough rejected? END
START what amendment of the constitution doesn't cruel and unusual punishment violate? END
START  what case notably did not uphold the use of a method of lethal injection? END
START along with section 1983, through what means can a convict on death row submit to his execution? END
START how many people were killed in the largest mass execution in us history? END
START on what date did the largest mass execution in american history take place? END
START in what state did the largest american mass execution occur? END
START what was the ethnicity of the people executed in the second-largest mass execution in us history? END
START in what year did the admiralty court hang 26 pirates in newport, rhode island? END
START how many people were killed in the smallest mass execution in us history? END
START on what date did the smallest mass execution in american history take place? END
START  in what state did the smallest american mass execution occur? END
START what was the ethnicity of the people executed in the second-smallest mass execution in us history? END
START  in what year did the admiralty court hang 26 pirates in kansas? END
START what act restricted the scope of federal habeas corpus? END
START how may state prisoners seek to have a death sentence overturned in federal court? END
START in what courts can federal habeas corpus suits be brought? END
START if prisoners use federal habeas corpus to present evidence that they're innocent, what must the evidence be? END
START what act didn't restrict the scope of federal habeas corpus? END
START how may state prisoners seek to have a death sentence not overturned in federal court? END
START if prisoners use federal habeas corpus to present evidence that they're guilty, what must the evidence be? END
START along with new jersey, what state commuted all life sentences when bills to repeal the death penalty were passed? END
START the governor of what state commuted four death sentences in january 2015? END
START who was governor of maryland in january 2015? END
START in what state's supreme court was state v. santiago decided? END
START how many people had their sentences commuted by state v. santiago? END
START along with canada, what state commuted all life sentences when bills to repeal the death penalty were passed? END
START the governor of what state commuted four death sentences in march 2015? END
START  who was governor of maryland in january 2005? END
START in what state's supreme court was state v. santiago not decided? END
START how many people had their sentences not commuted by state v. santiago? END
START in what court was bigby v. dretke decided? END
START what court heard the case penry v. lynaugh? END
START what amendment to the constitution did penry v. lynaugh address? END
START what sentencing factors did bigby v. dretke consider? END
START in what state was bigby v. dretke decided? END
START  what court denied hearing the case penry v. lynaugh? END
START what amendment to the constitution did penry v. lynaugh never address? END
START  what sentencing factors did bigby v. dretke reject considering? END
START in what year was tony chebatoris killed? END
START when was michigan's fourth constitution ratified? END
START in what city was tony chebatoris executed? END
START in what year was there a failed michigan constitutional amendment to allow the death penalty? END
START what article of the fourth michigan constitution forbids laws allowing capital punishment? END
START what happened in 1935? END
START  when was michigan's fifth constitution ratified? END
START  in what city was tony chebatoris born? END
START in what year was there a successful michigan constitutional amendment to allow the death penalty? END
START what article of the fourth michigan constitution forbids laws disallowing capital punishment? END
START under what federal statute are offenses punished by lethal injection? END
START according to what law are federal prisoners executed according to the procedures in place in the state in which they were convicted? END
START in what state is the federal correctional complex in terre haute? END
START in what month and year was juan garza executed? END
START who was executed by the federal government on march 18, 2003? END
START under what federal statute are offenses not punished by lethal injection? END
START according to what law are federal prisoners executed according to the procedures in place in the state in which they were freed? END
START  in what state is the federal correctional complex in tennessee? END
START  in what month and year was juan garza freed? END
START who was executed by the federal government on march 18, 2001? END
START in what year did the american law institute create a death penalty framework for the model penal code? END
START in what year did the american law institute change their mind about their contribution on the death penalty to the model penal code? END
START what goal did the ali's study say could not be reconciled with the goal of individualized execution decisions? END
START in what year did the american law institute create a non-death penalty framework for the model penal code? END
START in what year did the american law institute change their mind about their contribution on the non-death penalty to the model penal code? END
START what goal did the ali's study say could be reconciled with the goal of individualized execution decisions? END
START in what year was coker v. georgia decided? END
START for what offense did coker v. georgia forbid the death penalty? END
START along with georgia, what american jurisdiction allowed people to be executed for the rape of an adult prior to coker? END
START what ruling forbid the government from executing child rapists? END
START prior to kennedy v. louisiana, how many states criminalized child rape? END
START in what year was coker v. georgia not decided? END
START  for what offense did coker v. georgia allow the death penalty? END
START along with kentucky, what american jurisdiction allowed people to be executed for the rape of an adult prior to coker? END
START  what ruling allowed the government from executing child rapists? END
START in what year was nebraska's death penalty statute ruled unconstitutional by a state court? END
START what state's court ruled capital punishment unconstitutional in 1984? END
START in what case did the kansas supreme court rule that the death penalty is unconstitutional in kansas? END
START what method of execution did the nebraska supreme court rule unconstitutional? END
START after electrocution was outlawed, how were nebraska death row inmates executed? END
START in what year was kansas' death penalty statute ruled unconstitutional by a state court? END
START what state's court ruled capital punishment unconstitutional in 1884? END
START in what case did the arkansas supreme court rule that the death penalty is unconstitutional in arkansas? END
START what method of execution did the nebraska supreme court rule constitutional? END
START what death penalty drug ceased to be manufactured in 2011? END
START up until 2011, who manufactured sodium thiopental? END
START what is the nationality of the company that makes pentobarbital? END
START along with anti-death penalty advocacy, why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal injections in the united states? END
START the eu outlawed the export of products that could be used in what activity? END
START what death penalty drug started to be manufactured in 2011? END
START  up until 2015, who manufactured sodium thiopental? END
START  what is the mission statement of the company that makes pentobarbital? END
START  along with anti-death penalty advocacy, why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal injections outside of the united states? END
START  the eu outlawed the export of products that could never be used in what activity? END
START in what year did the most polled american support capital punishment? END
START what percentage of polled americans opposed the death penalty in 1966? END
START in a 1977 poll, what percentage of respondents preferred life imprisonment to the death penalty? END
START in a 2006 poll, what percentage of polled americans preferred the death penalty to life without parole? END
START in what year did the least polled american support capital punishment? END
START what percentage of polled americans opposed the death penalty in 1916? END
START in a 1977 poll, what percentage of respondents rejected life imprisonment to the death penalty? END
START in a 2006 poll, what percentage of polled americans rejected the death penalty to life without parole? END
START what is a notable capital crime in louisiana? END
START in what state is extortionate kidnapping a capital offense? END
START along with alabama, where is hijacking an aircraft a death penalty offense? END
START in what state is armed robbery a capital crime? END
START in what states is perjury leading to death a capital offense? END
START what is a notable capital crime in missouri? END
START  in what state is extortionate kidnapping not a capital offense? END
START along with alabama, where is hijacking an aircraft not a death penalty offense? END
START  in what state is armed robbery not a capital crime? END
START  in what states is perjury leading to death not a capital offense? END
START along with marshall, who believed that the eighth amendment forbade the death penalty? END
START along with stewart, what supreme court justice was concerned about racial disparity in death penalty enforcement? END
START aside from stewart, what justice believed that the death penalty could be constitutional? END
START along with marshall, who believed that the ninth amendment forbade the death penalty? END
START along with stewart, what supreme court justice was unconcerned about racial disparity in death penalty enforcement? END
START aside from stewart, what justice believed that the death penalty could be unconstitutional? END
START between 1973 and 2015, how amny prisoners were acquitted or received pardons or commutations of their death sentences due to possible innocence? END
START between 1973 and 2015, how many prisoners were acquitted or received pardons or commutations of their death sentences due to possible guilt? END
START what happened in 2016? END
START what happened in 1970? END
START who supported this statistic? END
START what percentage of murderers in the united states are given a death sentence? END
START how many murderers in nevada were given a capital sentence? END
START what state notably executes 40% of those given the death penalty? END
START what percentage of murderers in california are given the death penalty and subsequently executed? END
START how much higher is the rate of execution in texas versus the national average? END
START what percentage of murderers in the united states aren't given a death sentence? END
START  how many murderers in nevada weren't given a capital sentence? END
START what state notably executes 80% of those given the death penalty? END
START what percentage of murderers in california are given the death penalty and subsequently freed? END
START how much higher is the rate of execution in texas versus the international average? END
START under the drug kingpin act of 1988 and federal death penalty act of 1994, about how many crimes were punishable by death? END
START what body passed the drug kingpin act of 1988? END
START what is another term for the act of spying for another country? END
START along with treason and espionage, what non-death offense is still a federal capital crime? END
START under the drug kingpin act of 1998 and federal death penalty act of 1994, about how many crimes were punishable by death? END
START what body failed the drug kingpin act of 1988? END
START  what is another term for the act of spying on another country? END
START along with treason and espionage, what death offense is still a federal capital crime? END
START who was executed on january 17, 1977? END
START by what method was gary gilmore executed? END
START aside from gary gilmore, how many people were executed in the united states between january 17, 1977 and 1984? END
START what tactic did inmates on death row use to delay their executions? END
START who was pardoned on january 17, 1977? END
START  by what method was gary gilmore let go free? END
START aside from gary gilmore, how many people were executed in the united states between january 17, 1987 and 1987? END
START what tactic did inmates on death row use to delay their release? END
START in what month and year was troy davis executed? END
START who was the death penalty information center director? END
START what organization did brian evans work for? END
START in what month and year was troy davis born? END
START  who was the death penalty information center secretary? END
START  what organization did brian evans reject working for? END
START how many execution methods are currently used in the united states? END
START what was the most common historical method of execution in the united states? END
START in what state did the last burning at the stake take place in the us? END
START who was the last person hanged in chains in the untied states? END
START when was execution by beheading ended in utah? END
START how many execution methods are currently outlawed in the united states? END
START what was the least common historical method of execution in the united states? END
START  in what state did the first burning at the stake take place in the us? END
START  who was the first person hanged in chains in the untied states? END
START  when was execution by beheading started in utah? END
START what percentage of american death row prisoners are african american? END
START what percentage of people executed in the united states since 1976 have been african american? END
START what percentage of american prison inmates are african american? END
START what percentage of homicides were committed by asians between 1980 and 2008? END
START what percentage of the american population is hispanic? END
START what percentage of american death row prisoners are south american END
START what percentage of people executed in the united states since 1976 have been south american? END
START what percentage of american prison inmates are south american? END
START  what percentage of homicides were committed by canadians between 1980 and 2008? END
START  what percentage of the canadian population is hispanic? END
START in the united states, how many important steps are usually present in the administration of capital punishment? END
START along with the president, what officeholder can issue pardons? END
START how many death sentences were issued in the period 1995-1996? END
START how many capital sentences were given in 1973? END
START in what year were there 73 death penalty convictions? END
START in the united states, how many important steps are never present in the administration of capital punishment? END
START  along with the president, what officeholder can't issue pardons? END
START how many death sentences were rejected in the period 1995-1996? END
START how many capital sentences were rejected in 1973? END
START  in what year were there 73 death penalty convictions overturned? END
START where was bethea hanged? END
START on what date was fred adams hanged? END
START in what state did the hanging of adams take place? END
START what was roscoe jackson's nickname? END
START how many people witnessed timothy mcveigh's execution? END
START where was bethea freed? END
START  on what date was fred adams freed? END
START in what state did the freedom of adams take place? END
START  what was roscoe jackson's birthdate? END
START  how many people refused timothy mcveigh's execution? END
START what institution does james liebman work for? END
START what does james liebman teach? END
START according to liebman, about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1978 and 1995? END
START according to tabak, what percentage of habeas corpus petitions were granted to death row inmates between 1976 and 1991? END
START in what year did liebman announce his findings? END
START what institution did james liebman get fired from? END
START  what does james liebman reject? END
START according to liebman, about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1988 and 1999? END
START  according to tabak, what percentage of habeas corpus petitions were granted to death row inmates between 1978 and 1993 END
START  in what year did liebman reject his findings? END
START who was executed on march 30, 1960? END
START what method of execution was used on james w. rodgers? END
START in what state was rodgers executed? END
START on what date was george york executed? END
START which state executed james french? END
START who was executed on march 30, 1990? END
START  what method of execution was not used on james w. rodgers? END
START in what state was rodgers born? END
START  on what date was george york freed? END
START  which state freed james french? END
START about how many american juveniles have been executed since 1642? END
START in what year was thomas graunger executed? END
START since 1976, how many americans have been executed for crimes committed as juveniles? END
START how old was george stinney when he was executed? END
START what method was used to execute leonard shockley? END
START about how many american juveniles have been executed since 1842? END
START  in what year was thomas graunger freed? END
START  since 1976, how many americans have been executed for crimes committed as adults? END
START  how old was george stinney when he was freed? END
START  what method was used to free leonard shockley? END
START as of may 2014, what was robert patton's job title? END
START what state employed robert patton in may 2014? END
START what race was clayton lockett? END
START what was clayton lockett's cause of death? END
START what gas did oklahoma decide to use for executions in 2015? END
START as of may 2011, what was robert patton's job title? END
START  what state executed robert patton in may 2014? END
START  what religion was clayton lockett? END
START what was clayton lockett's crime? END
START  what gas did oklahoma decide to use for freedoms in 2015? END
START along with gender, geography and race, what bias do some opponents of the death penalty see in its administration? END
START according to opponents of the death penalty, what does the death penalty cheapen? END
START according to death penalty opponents, on whose moral level does execution place the government? END
START what do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment isn't effective at doing? END
START who do death penalty opponents believe may sometimes be executed? END
START along with gender, geography and race, what bias do some people who agree with the death penalty see in its administration? END
START according to opponents of the death penalty, what does the death penalty strengthen? END
START  according to death penalty supporters, on whose moral level does execution place the government? END
START what do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment is effective at doing? END
START  who do death penalty opponents believe will never be executed? END
START according to thompson v. oklahoma, what was the youngest age at which a person might be executed? END
START in what year was thompson v. oklahoma decided? END
START in what month and year was roper v. simmons decided? END
START in roper v. simmons, how many supreme court justices believed juvenile execution to be unconstitutional? END
START based on roper v. simmons, what is now the minimum age to be executed in the united states? END
START according to thompson v. oklahoma, what was the oldest age at which a person might be executed? END
START  in what year was thompson v. oklahoma postponed? END
START  in what month and year was roper v. simmons postponed? END
START in roper v. simmons, how many supreme court justices believed juvenile execution to be constitutional? END
START based on roper v. simmons, what is now the maximum age to be executed in the united states? END
START in what year did missouri pass a law stating that executions should be inside of or near a jail? END
START what procedure did missouri use to execute prisoners in 1919? END
START in the missouri of 1919, who handed out passes to witness executions? END
START in approximately what year did a movement in favor of private executions begin in the us? END
START in what year did missouri pass a law stating that executions should be outside of a jail? END
START  what procedure did missouri use to free prisoners in 1919? END
START in the missouri of 1959, who handed out passes to witness executions? END
START in approximately what year did a movement in favor of public executions begin in the us? END
START who commuted all state capital sentences in 1986? END
START of what state was toney anaya governor? END
START who was governor of ohio in 1991? END
START how many women were on ohio's death row in 1991? END
START in what year did bob graham become governor of florida? END
START who commuted all state capital sentences in 1936? END
START  of what state was toney anaya senator? END
START  who was governor of nebraska in 1991? END
START  how many men were on ohio's death row in 1991? END
START in what year did bob graham become senator of florida? END
START along with south dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010? END
START who did idaho execute in 2011? END
START who was executed on october 30, 2012? END
START since 1976, how many prisoners has nevada executed? END
START since 1976, in what year was a prisoner executed in wyoming? END
START along with north dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010? END
START  who did idaho execute in 2013? END
START  who was freed on october 30, 2012? END
START since 1976, in what year was a prisoner freed in wyoming? END
START how many drugs are used to administer lethal injection? END
START what lethal injection drug is manufactured by hospira? END
START when did hospira cease to manufacture its lethal injection drug for the united states? END
START in what country does hospira manufacture sodium thiopental today? END
START what eu law forbids products used in torture to be manufactured in the european union? END
START  how many hours does it take to administer lethal injection? END
START  what lethal injection drug is not manufactured by hospira? END
START when did hospira begin to manufacture its lethal injection drug for the united states? END
START in what state does hospira manufacture sodium thiopental today? END
START what university studied "predictable doom"? END
START how many cases are not special circumstances in california? END
START what happened in 1997? END
START in what year did louis xiv die? END
START in what year did the french revolution begin? END
START in what decade did the scientific revolution begin? END
START which moral philosopher said "the greatest happiness for the greatest numbers"? END
START which two men were francis hutecheson's proteges? END
START the nature of knowledge, evidence, experience, and causation together are called what? END
START what type of philosopher was francis hutcheson? END
START in what areas of philosophy did hume become a major figure? END
START who wrote "poem to the memory of newton?" END
START in what year did newton die? END
START whose death in 1727 prompted poems to be written in his honour for decades? END
START who wrote creation, a philosophical poem in seven books? END
START in what year was creation, a philosophical poem in seven books written? END
START what did john locke base his governance philosphy in? END
START which english philosopher wrote leviathan in 1651? END
START who developed the view that all legitimate political power must be "representative?" END
START which of hobbes' ideas led to the distinction between civil society and the state? END
START how does john locke define mutual security? END
START what do locke's idea of natural rights include? END
START why did john locke believe that one person cannot enslave another? END
START what was john locke's one exception to denouncing slavery? END
START in which of john locke's works are natural rights most famously defined and discussed? END
START who dropped any passages dealing with miracles or visitations of angels from his work the jefferson bible? END
START the enlightenment era religious commentary was, in part, a response to which war? END
START what did the enlightenment mean for moderate christians? END
START did john locke want to foster or avoid increased detailed debate on the essence of christianity? END
START in which country did the enlightenment become associated with anti-government and anti-church radicalism? END
START which of the enlightenment's leaders did the british government give a knighthood and lucrative government office? END
START in which country did the government respond with hostility to the enlightenment, even imprisoning philosophes? END
START was government response to the enlightenment uniformly positive or widely varied? END
START in which class did the enlightenment reach deepest, expressing a nationalistic tone? END
START what two ideas did conservative and clerical defenders of traditional religion attack as evil forces that encouraged immorality? END
START by 1794, what did those against the enlightenment point to as confirmation of their predictions? END
START which type of philosophers argued that excessive dependence on reason was a mistake perpetuated by the enlightenment? END
START most scholars use the beginning of the napoleonic wars or which other battle as a convenient date to end the enlightenment? END
START french historians generally use the beginning of which king's reign to date the start of the enlightenment? END
START what do french historians commonly call the age of enlightenment? END
START in what year was descartes' discourse on method published? END
START in what year was issaac newton's principia mathematica published? END
START the creation of the public sphere is associated with the rise of capitalism and which other historical trend? END
START what increased society's autonomy, self-awareness, and need for exchange of information? END
START in what year did the aristocracy move from the king's palace at versailles to paris? END
START the desire to explore, record and systematize knowledge had a meaningful impact on what other form of publication? END
START what publication of jean-jacques rousseau was a leading text in the late 18th century and was published 1767 in geneva and 1768 in paris? END
START in what year was charles burney's a general history of music: from the earliest ages to the present period published? END
START what mozart piece did rose rosengard subotnik conclude is "an ideal musical representation of the enlightenment"? END
START which two perspectives did rose rosengard subotnik use to compare mozart's die cauberflote? END
START what was the principal social institution of the republic during the french enlightenment? END
START was french society open or fearful of female participation in the literary sphere during the enlightenment? END
START what female occupation allowed women to play an essential part in the french enlightenment? END
START which event destroyed the former patronage and corporatism of france and allowed women to participate in society? END
START where was bibliotheque bleue located? END
START for what audience were the books of the bibliotheque bleue written? END
START which two influential periodicals  were closely associated with london coffee house culture and were sold from 1909 to 1714?  END
START what collection of cheaply produced books represents the lower class' desire to participate in the enlightenment? END
START who was the target audience of natural history? END
START many texts had explicit instructive purposes as naturalists catered to polite society's desire for what? END
START the idea of what quality was a social indicator that provided a new source of legitimacy for the dominant class? END
START was the target audience of natural history evidenced more by the price of publications or its specific discourse of the genre? END
START who drafted the first technical dictionary? END
START what was the first technical dictionary drafted by john harris titled? END
START did the lexicon technicum focus on theological and biographical entries or science and technology? END
START what year was the lexicon technicum published? END
START in what language was the lexicon technicum written? END
START what book was published in 1686 specifically for women with an interest in scientific writing? END
START who was the author of conversations on the plurality of worlds (1686)? END
START who wrote a successful natural history textbook for children titled the easy introduction to the knowledge of nature (1782)? END
START how many editions were published of sarah trimmer's history textbook for children? END
START emilie du chatelet's translation of what newton work was published after her death in 1756? END
START the practice of contests dates back to what time period? END
START previous to 1725, what subject matter was focused on by the concours academiques? END
START which topics of public controversy became more widely discussed around 1725? END
START were the concours academiques public or private matters? END
START where did the first english coffeehouse open in 1650? END
START according to brian cowan, was learning more or less formal in coffehouses as opposed to private institutions? END
START what term did brian cowan give oxford coffeehouses? END
START diderot, voltaire, mozart, goethe, and benjamin franklin were all members of what secret network? END
START to whom was freemasonry most attractive? END
START freemasonry expanded rapidly to nearly every country in which continent? END
START trying to apply enlightenment thought on religious and political tolerance became known as what? END
START which two americans travelled to europe during the enlightenment and actively contributed to the scienific and political debate? END
START the ideals of the enlightenment were incorporated into which two united states documents? END
START did the scientific revolution precede or follow the age of enlightenment? END
START kant's work continued to shape german thought and european philosophy well into what century? END
START in what year was immanuel kant born? END
START for which work is mary wollstonecraft best known? END
START in what year was a vindication on the rights of woman published? END
START mary wollstonecraft argued for a society based on what idea? END
START the basis of classical liberalism comes from whose philosophical concepts? END
START whose philosophical concepts directly influenceed james madison and thus the u.s. constitution? END
START who popularised hume's philosophical concepts? END
START what did locke, hobbes, and rousseau agree was necessary for a man to live in civil society? END
START which theorist wrote two treatises of government? END
START who wrote discourse on inequality? END
START from which state does locke believe it is virtually improssible to break free? END
START for what reason did rousseau feel people joined into civil society? END
START leaders of the enlightenment that helped design laws and programs to reform the court system are called what by historians? END
START which enlightened despot was so over-enthusiastic that revolts broke out and nearly all of his programs were reversed? END
START in what country was the model constitution of 1791 in effect for only one year? END
START from what country was enlightenment leader catherine the great? END
START did mendelssohn and spinoza judge religion on its moral fruits or logic of its theology?? END
START what did enlightenment scholars seek to curtail and thereby prevent another age of intolerant religious war? END
START spinoza was determined to remove what from contemporary and historical theology? END
START did moses mendelssohn advise to follow a specific organized religion, or to whatever one found most convincing? END
START who did voltaire say that france looked to for ideas of civilization? END
START what was the profession of james anderson? END
START who was the first modern geologist? END
START william cullen and joseph black shared what two occupations? END
START in what year was the french term lumieres first used? END
START what term became the german equivalent to the french term lumieres? END
START in what century did the term enlightenment emerge in english? END
START what is the italian equivalent to the french term lumieres? END
START did the terms, enlightenment, lumieres, aufklarung and illuminismo refer to distinct or overlapping movements? END
START did rising efficiency in production and communication lower or raise the prices of consumer goods? END
START was the variety of goods available to consumers increased or decreased by the economic and social change of the industrial revolution? END
START the context for the rise of the public sphere was the econoic and social change associated with what revolution? END
START a the economy and middle class expanded, what artistic profession had an increasing number of members? END
START which economic class expansion led to the emergence of music magazines and reviews? END
START women increased their presence in the amateur performers scene with what instrument, especially? END
START which musican mediums were the majority of amateur music works published for? END
START by what century in france had the men of letters fused with the elites? END
START what was the term for the oppositional literary sphere of a "multitude of versifiers and would-be-authors"? END
START could the london market support the large numbers of writers that were emerging? END
START were men travelling to london to become authors paid well or poorly by the publishing-bookselling guilds? END
START during which movement were the first scientific and literary journals established? END
START what was the title of the first scientific and literary journal? END
START in what year did the first scientific and literary journal appear? END
START which two languages were the most dominant languages of scientific and literary publications? END
START where were the vast majority of french language periodicals produced? END
START which work published in 1712 explained terms that usefully described the trades and scientific and commercial education? END
START in the jablonski allgemeines lexicon (1721) how many colums of text were dedicated to wine? END
START was the jablonski allgemeines lexicon (1721) more dedicated to technical subjects or scientific theory? END
START in what year was the first edition of the encyclopaedia britannica published? END
START the encyclopaedia britannica was modelled along the same lines as a work from which country? END
START what enforced contest rule guaranteed that neither gender nor social rank would determine the judging? END
START were the vast majority of contest participants from the wealthier strata of society or the popular classes? END
START how many prize competitions did women win out of the 2300 in france? END
START women's education common stressed which literary genre? END
START what literary genre were the majority of female winning contest entries? END
START where was the cafe procope established in 1686? END
START by the 1720s. how many cafes were in paris? END
START in which cafe was the encyclopedie created? END
START were bruits or newspapers allegedly a better source of information? END
START where did freemasonry originate? END
START where did freemasonry first spread? END
START in what country was freemaonry particularly prevalent? END
START what was the most popular of all enlightenment associations? END
START which group was copied from the freemasons and founded in bavaria in 1776? END
START who is known for his statement that individuals have a right to "life, liberty and property"? END
START locke believed that the natural right to property is derived from what? END
START locke's theory of natural rights influenced what french document? END
START which king of prussia saw himself as the leader of the enlightenment? END
START which enlightenment theorist was extended an invitation to live at the palace after being iprisoned by the french government? END
START who was the king of prussia from 1740 to 1786? END
START which american enlightenment sympathiser was known for his political activism and advances in physics? END
START did the cultural exchange during the age of enlightenment travel exclusively to america or did information travel in both directions, back across the atlantic to europe? END
START as diests, americans were influenced by the ideas of which two enlightenment followers? END
START attempts to reconcile which two fields resulted in a widespread rejection of prophecy? END
START all supernatural aspects were removed from which thomas paine work? END
START what term was given to the writers of grub street? END
START libelles were generally written in what form? END
START which group inherited the "revolutionary spirit" once displayed by the philosophes, according to darnton? END
START which works by the grub street hacks "slandered the court, the church, the aristocracy, the academies, the salons, everything elevated and respectable, including the monarchy itself."? END
START which venue created a unique environment in which people from many different walks of life could gather and share ideas? END
START coffehouses were criticized by which group of people, fearing the possiblity of an environmentin which class was disregarded? END
START what societal group derived much of their power from the disparity between classes of people? END
START which societal group believed they held a divine right to rule and resented the idea of their subjects convening to discuss political matters? END
START did natural history in particular become increasingly popular amoung the upper or lower classes? END
START which type of history encompassed botany, zoology, meteorolgy, hydrology, and mineralogy? END
START who wrote the histoire naturelle des insectes? END
START in what decade did the first masonic lodges appear on the continent? END
START the freemason embodiment of what country's values was seen as threatening by continental authorities? END
START which lodge that met in the mid 1720s was composed of english jacobite exiles? END
START which lodges assigned themselves the duty to "initate the unenlightened"? END
START what is the masonic term for the deistic divine being who created a scientifically ordered universe? END
START which venue represents a turning point in history during which people discovered that they could have enjoyable social lives within their communities? END
START coffehouses were essential to what movement by becoming centers of free-thinking and self-discovery? END
START in what year was the spectator published? END
START which literary work used the fictional narrator mr. spectator to entertain and provoke discussion regarding serious philosophical matters? END
START who was the major opponent to freemasonry? END
START which countries had a large catholic element and therefore had confrontation with freemasons? END
START do american historians downplay or attribute the importance of freemasonry in causing the american revolution? END
START who was the political enemy of the patriots? END
START were the masons political or non-political in the american revolution? END
START how was the enlightenment known in french? END
START which movement dominated the world of ideas in europe in the 18th century? END
START in france, what were the central doctrines of the lumieres? END
START the principle of absolute monarchy of which group was at odds with those following the enlightenment? END
START which city in the mid-18th century became the center of an explosion of philosophic and scientific activity? END
START who were the two leaders of paris' philosophic movement? END
START rousseau argued for a society based on what, rather than faith? END
START which philosopher introduced the idea of a separation of powers in government? END
START montesquieu's ideas were enthusiastically adopted by the authors of what american document? END
START what was the most influential publication of the enlightenment? END
START the encyclopedie was comprised of how many volumes? END
START voltaire wrote letters on the english in what year? END
START when was rousseau's discourse on inequality published? END
START what year did the french revolution begin? END
START what was the name of the conservative group opposing the enlightenment? END
START the radical enlightenment was inspired by the philosophy of whom? END
START which enlightenment philosopher advocated democracy, individual liberty, freedom of expression, and eradication of religious authority? END
START which enlightenment philosophers sought accomodatin between reform and the traditional systems of power and faith? END
START who is credited with the concept of separating church and state? END
START which term describes john locke's movement to seperate church and state? END
START in what year was john locke born? END
START in what realm did john locke feel the government lacked authority? END
START according to thomas paine, what is the definition of deism? END
START which philosopher argued that atheists could indeed be moral men? END
START which philosopher argued that without belief in a god who punishes evil, the moral order of society was undermined? END
START who felt that since atheists gave themselves no supreme authority and no law, they were more likely to disrupt society? END
START whixh population groups were excluded from most institutions of the public sphere? END
START which two areas experienced criss-cross influences through noble and lower class participation? END
START marmontel contrasted "the opinion of men of letters" with what? END
START d'alembert contrasted the "truly enlightened public" with whom? END
START the increased consumption of what type of material was one of the key features of the "social" enlightenment? END
START developments in which revolution allowed consumer goods to be produced in greater quantities at lower prices? END
START in additional to rising populations and increased urbanisation, what else did commercial development increase the need for? END
START in what country did literacy rates double over the course of the 18th century? END
START the number of books about religion in paris from 1720 to 1780 dropped by what percentage? END
START whose incomes did public concerts help support? END
START handel gained considerable fame with performances of what two types of artistic work? END
START which two composers are usually regarded as being the most in line with the enlightenment ideals? END
START what style of music did haydn and mozart share? END
START what year was the academy of science in france founded? END
START members of what group were considered to be the "most useful of all citizens?" END
START what percentage of clerics were members of the academy of science? END
START the academy of science was only open to which societal group? END
START how did elite parisian scholars perceive themselves? END
START where were many of the leading universities associated with enlightenment progressive principles located? END
START which six universities were the most renowned in northern europe? END
START which university, especially, produced professors whose ideas had a significant impact on the colonies? END
START which of  france's universities was the exception and was hospitable to the enlightenment? END
START how can associationism be defined? END
START what was the predominant educational psychology from the 1750s onward? END
START children were taught to memorize facts through methods that originated during which time period? END
START what were the prime examples of reference works that systemasized scientific knowledge in the age oif enlightenment? END
START what was the goal of universal encyclopedias? END
START which universal encyclopedia began publication in 1751 and was composed of 35 volumes and over 71,000 seperate entries? END
START in what work is the goal to record the extent of human knowledge in the arts and sciences outlined? END
START who wrote the preliminary discourse to the encyclopedia of diderot? END
START anatomy, biology, geology, mineralogy, and zoology are all studies of which subject? END
START who criticized the sciences for distancing man from nature and not operating to make people happier? END
START who replaced universities as centres of scientific research and development during the enlightenment? END
START which century is considered by some as a "drab" period, however saw significant advancements in the practice of medicine, mathematics, and physics, the development of biological taxonomy, a new understanding of magnetism, and the maturation of chemistry as a discipline? END
START voltaire and emilie du chatelet populatized which scientific philosophy? END
START many enlightenment writers and thinkers had backgrounds in the sciences and associated scientific advancement with overthrow of religion and traditional authority in favor of what? END
START who discovered carbon dioxide or fixed air? END
START who created the argument for deep time? END
START who invented the steam engine? END
START who launched the first manned flight in a hot-air balloon in november 1783? END
START for which masterpiece did cesare beccaria become famous? END
START into how many languages was cesare beccaria's crimes and punishments (1764) translated? END
START which work established francesco mario pagano as an international authority on criminal law? END
START in what year did francesco mario pagano publish saggi politici? END
START what did contemporary sources claim was the purpose of the universiity in contrast to the societies? END
START contemporary sources considered societies functioned for what purpose in contrast to universities? END
START by what year were there over seventy official scientific societies? END
START who coined the term "the age of academies" to describe the 18th century? END
START the enlightenment is frequently linked to the french revolution of what year? END
START who delineated the "consent of the governed" in two treatises of government (1689)? END
START the "divine right of kings" was in direct conflict with which of locke's philosophies? END
START according to locke, the revolutions of the late 1700s and early 1800s were caused when what could not be resolved peacefully? END
START in what work did ferguson explain how humans advanced from a hunting and gathering society to a commercial and civil society without "signing" a social contract? END
START in what year did ferguson publish an essay on the history of civil society? END
START how many stages of progress did ferguson theorize? END
START who, along with adam ferguson, criticized the idea of social contract theorists? END
START what century produced the first russian univeristy, library, theatre, public museum, and independent press? END
START what did the russian enlightenment focus on instead of societal enlightenment? END
START from whom did catherine the great receive assistance in her enlightenment ideals via correspondence? END
START which philosopher believed that the enlightenment was ultimately born out of protestant reaction against the catholic counter-reformation? END
START where did betrand russell believe views such as affinity for democracy against monarachy originated from? END
START who does betrand russell started the schism that lead to the enlightenment? END
START how did alexis de tocqueville describe the french revolution? END
START which group was considered "a substitute aristocracy that was both all-powerful and without real power" according to tocqueville? END
START from where did tocqueville believe the illusory power of the men of letters came from? END
START which jewish philosopher referred to enlightenment as a process by which man was educated in the use of reason? END
START how did immanuel kant describe the enlightenment? END
START for whom was enlightenment mankind's final coming of age, the emancipation of the human consciousness from an immature state of ignorance?" END
START according to historian roy porter, what was the age of enlightenment trying to capture? END
START john locke, francis bacon, and isaac newton where considered the the greatest men who ever lived by which american colonist? END
START religious tolerance and the importance of individual conscience was particularly influential in the drafting of which american document? END
START whom, along with francis bacon and john locke, did thomas jefferson consider to be one of the three greatest men that ever lived? END
START from a historical standpoint, what was one of the most important features of the debating society? END
START were debates only open to certain economic classes, or could all attend? END
START what were some of the issues discussed in addition to debates on religion? END
START what aspect of the enlightenment did robert darnton and jurgen habermas focus on within the enlightenment? END
START how did habermas describe the public sphere? END
START the new venues and modes of communication allowing for rational exchange were given what term by habermas in 18th century europe? END
START what do jonathon israel claim caused the change that eventually led to the revolutions of the latter half of the 18th centure and early 19th century? END
START what does israel argue western civilization was based on until the 1650s? END
START jonathon israel rejects the notion that the revolutionary ideas were by products of what transformations? END
START what time period does johnathon israel focus on? END
START how was the public sphere defined? END
START during what centuries was the rise of the public sphere? END
START the argument of the public sphere was founded on what? END
START what term did habermas give to describe the areas of political/social knowledge and discussion that were previously exlusive territory of the state and religious authorities? END
START the values of the bourgeois public sphere included holding reason to the supreme, considering everything open to criticism, and the opposition of what? END
START book sellers and publishers had to negotiate censorship laws of varying strictness in what country, especially? END
START which work narrowly escaped seizure and had to be saved by malesherbes? END
START many publishing companies were located outside of which country to avoid overzealous censors? END
START readers were more interested in sensationalist stories about what topics than they were in political theory itself? END
START what was the term given to books that did not have a dominant motif and contained something to offend almost everyone in authority? END
START who helped the encyclopedie find its way into print using the french censorship law creatively? END
START the king and clement xii condemned which literary work? END
START what percentage of books borrowed in england, germany, and norath america were novels? END
START what percentage of books borrowed were of a religious nature in england, germany, and north america? END
START what did the republic of letters support? END
START once everyone was a part of what group did kant believe all of society would be enlightened? END
START who were two of the figures that participated in the republic of letters? END
START what did immanuel kant consider essential to his conception of the public sphere? END
START who called the journals the most influential cultural innovation of european intellectual culture? END
START to what did the journals shift attention of the cultivated public away from and towards novelty and innovation? END
START what enlightened ideas were promoted by the journals? END
START the journals were a source of knowledge derived from what topics? END
START how did dictionaries and encyclopedias change in the 18th century? END
START what movement were dictionaries and encyclopedias trying to promote? END
START how did the content of encyclopedias change in the 18th century? END
START encyclopedias in the 18th century tended to focus more strongly on what topics, rather than theology? END
START how was the encyclopedie arranged? END
START the rise of empiricism caused a division between which two subjects? END
START what was considered the trunk of the tree of knowledge? END
START which editions of the encyclopedie were less expensive and more accessible to the non-elite? END
START how many copies of the encyclopedie were estimated to be in circulation throughout france and europe before the french revolution? END
START which society in england also played a significant role in the public sphere and spread of enlightenment ideas? END
START in what year was the royal society of london given a royal charter? END
START whose method based knowledge on experiementation, which had to be witnessed? END
START who were considered more reliable witnesses than the oxfordshire peasants? END
START what two factors were taken into account in credibility in the royal society? END
START before the enlightenment, most intellectual debates revoled around what subject? END
START catholic, lutheran, reformed (calvinist), or anglican issues were called what? END
START during what time period did a "general process of rationalization and secularization set in"? END
START the aim of confessional debates was to establish which bloc of faith should have what? END
START according to german historian reinhart koselleck, which two social structures left a decisive imprint on the age of enlightenment? END
START which scottish professor believes that masons were not a major radical or reformist network in their own right? END
START historian margaret jacob stresses the importance of the masons in indirectly inspriting what type of thinking? END
START daniel roche claims that masonry promoted what idea by only attracting men of similar social background? END
START the presence of whom in the french "lodges of adoption" formed in the 1780s was die to the close ties shared with aristocratic society? END
START what ordering scheme did readers prefer? END
START who believed the avoidance of thematic and heirarhical systems allowed free interpretation of the works and caused them to beomce an example of eglitarianism? END
START why did encyclopedias and dictionaries become more popular during the age of reason? END
START how many dictionaries and encyclopedias were published between 1760 and 1769? END
START how many dictionaries and encyclopedias were published in the decade preceding the french revolution? END
START what caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the enlightenment era? END
START instead of paying more for food, on what did people spend their money? END
START which ideal endeavoured to make information available to the greatest number of people? END
START who wrote the celebrated philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica? END
START which work of isaac newton was published in latin and remained inaccessible to readers without education until enlightenment writers began to translate and analyze it in the vernacular? END
START who attached a game & watch d-pad to the famicom prototype? END
START what was installed on the front of the console so the joystick could be used? END
START why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with no connectors? END
START where were the game pad controllers copied from? END
START  who attached a game & watch c-pad to the famicom prototype? END
START what was installed on the front of the console so the joystick couldn't be used? END
START why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with multiple connectors? END
START  where were the game pad controllers not copied from? END
START what was the abbreviation for nintendo entertainment system? END
START what day did nintendo unveil the new systems? END
START where did nintendo start unveiling the new systems? END
START what was the name of the convention where nintendo unveiled its american version of the famicom? END
START what was the abbreviation for nintendo nonentertainment system? END
START  what day did nintendo not unveil the new systems? END
START  where did nintendo stop unveiling the new systems? END
START what was the name of the convention where nintendo unveiled its american version of the pamicom? END
START in june 1989 who was nintendo of america's vice president of marketing? END
START in 1990, what percentage of american households owned an nes? END
START what was the slogan for the nintendo brand? END
START what outsold the nes in europe and south america? END
START where was nintendo not available? END
START in june 1987 who was nintendo of america's vice president of marketing? END
START  in 1990, what percentage of american households owned a snes? END
START  what wasn't the slogan for the nintendo brand? END
START  what outsold the nes in europe and south africa? END
START  where was nintendo always available? END
START which cartridges were shaped slightly differently? END
START which interface did the nes use? END
START which interface did famicom use? END
START various companies in japan did what to their games for certain specifics? END
START which cartridges weren't shaped slightly differently? END
START  which interface did the snes use? END
START  which interface did famicom not use? END
START various companies in china did what to their games for certain specifics? END
START with the nes at its end, which competing consoles with less strict licensing terms were supported? END
START who was an example of a 3rd party publisher? END
START nintendo relied primarily on what for its support? END
START rivals in what self-identified era enjoyed much stronger 3rd party support? END
START with the nes at its end, which competing consoles with more strict licensing terms were supported? END
START  who was an example of a 2nd party publisher? END
START  nintendo didn't rely primarily on what for its support? END
START rivals in what self-identified era enjoyed much stronger 2nd party support? END
START who caused nintendo to take formal action regarding rentals? END
START according to nintendo what was the danger in renting games? END
START blockbuster was banned from including what with their games? END
START what did blockbuster do instead of use copyrighted instruction booklets? END
START  who caused nintendo to take informal action regarding rentals? END
START  according to nintendo what wasn't the danger in renting games? END
START  blockbuster wasn't banned from including what with their games? END
START what did blockbuster do along with use copyrighted instruction booklets? END
START which company distributed the nes to the uk, italy, and australia? END
START when did nintendo take over european distribution? END
START which three countries share the pal a region? END
START what two versions of the nes were released in the uk, italy, and australia? END
START which company didn't distribute the nes to the uk, italy, and australia? END
START  when did nintendo take over asian distribution? END
START  which three countries share the pal b region? END
START what two versions of the nes were released in the uk, france, and spain? END
START what were the two turbo controllers nintendo made for the nes? END
START what did the turbo feature allow players to do? END
START which controller had a non-adjustable turbo feature? END
START which two accessories were featured in the movie the wizard? END
START the nes max also did not feature what? END
START  what were the third turbo controllers nintendo made for the nes? END
START  what did the turbo feature not allow players to do? END
START  which controller had a adjustable turbo feature? END
START  which three accessories were featured in the movie the wizard? END
START  the snes max also did not feature what? END
START what year did nintendo release the famicom disk system? END
START where could the disks for the game be obtained? END
START how were the disks purchased? END
START what were the storage disks used for? END
START what was the total capacity of a disk? END
START what year did atari release the famicom disk system? END
START  where could the disks for the game not be obtained? END
START  how were the disks sold? END
START  what weren't the storage disks used for? END
START  what was half of the total capacity of a disk? END
START when was the system originally supposed to be released? END
START retailers in what test area reported a miserable failure of sales? END
START when was the second time nintendo test marketed the nes? END
START when was the nationwide release of the nes? END
START  when was the system originally not supposed to be released? END
START  retailers in what test area reported a success of sales? END
START  when was the first time nintendo test marketed the nes? END
START  when was the non-nationwide release of the nes? END
START where was the system released to two separate marketing areas? END
START one region comprised the entirety of mainland europe save for which country? END
START who released cartridges in mainland europe? END
START who handled distribution in the other region? END
START when did the european brance finally directly distribute throughout europe? END
START  where was the system released to three separate marketing areas? END
START  one region comprised the entirety of mainland asia save for which country? END
START who released cartridges in mainland asia? END
START  who didn't handle distribution in the other region? END
START  when did the european brance finally directly redistribute throughout europe? END
START which example of a system started to mark the end of the nes dominance? END
START when did the demand for new nes software dry up? END
START what was the final famicom game released in north america? END
START what year did nintendo officially discontinue the nes? END
START how late did nintendo continue to repair famicom units? END
START which example of a system started to mark the end of the snes dominance? END
START  when did the demand for new nes software get boosted? END
START  what was the first famicom game released in north america? END
START  what year did nintendo officially discontinue the snes? END
START  how late did nintendo continue to repair nonfamicom units? END
START who did atari attempt to force ceasing production of games for its system? END
START nintendo actively encouraged  the involvement of what? END
START nintendo's measures for third party game developers were also adopted by which later manufacturers? END
START who didn't atari attempt to force ceasing production of games for its system? END
START  nintendo actively discouraged the involvement of what? END
START  nintendo's measures for third party game developers weren't adopted by which later manufacturers? END
START companies did what in an effort to circumvent nintendo's console authentication? END
START why did the companies circumvent the authentication system? END
START where did unlicensed games feature a dongle? END
START what did nintendo do to curb unlicensed game sales? END
START companies didn't do what in an effort to circumvent nintendo's console authentication? END
START  why didn't the companies circumvent the authentication system? END
START  where didn't unlicensed games feature a dongle? END
START  what did nintendo do to curb licensed game sales? END
START what is the abbreviation of nintendo entertainment system? END
START what was it called in japan? END
START when was the family computer (famicom) released in japan? END
START when was it released in australia? END
START what succeeded the famicom? END
START what is the abbreviation of mintendo entertainment system? END
START  what was it called in china? END
START  when was the family computer (famicom) released in china? END
START  when was it released in africa? END
START  what preceded the famicom? END
START what was the console's most common problem? END
START the 10nes would reset the system how often? END
START what disrupted the communication as well? END
START what was one example of what users did to combat the blinking problem? END
START when did nintendo release a cleaning kit? END
START what wasn't the console's most common problem? END
START  the 10nes wouldn't reset the system how often? END
START  what didn't disrupt the communication as well? END
START  what wasn't one example of what users did to combat the blinking problem? END
START  when didn't nintendo release a cleaning kit? END
START how many units of the famicom were sold in japan by the beginning of 1985? END
START what was this system to be called in north america? END
START what magazine stated that nintendo could be errant in their anticipated product success? END
START how many units of the famicom were sold in china by the beginning of 1985? END
START  what was this system to be called in south america? END
START what magazine stated that nintendo couldn't be errant in their anticipated product success? END
START which console featured a top-loading design? END
START the design of what was modified slightly? END
START the original design of the controller was what shape? END
START what was the new design shape of the controller? END
START how long were standard nes controller cables? END
START which console featured a bottom-loading design? END
START  the design of what wasn't modified slightly? END
START  the unoriginal design of the controller was what shape? END
START  what was the new design shape of the old controller? END
START  how long were nonstandard nes controller cables? END
START what year did nintendo's market surpass all computer software? END
START who reported that nintendo sold 7 million nes systems? END
START when did compute! report the number of systems sold at 7 million? END
START the 7 million sold almost equated to which console's five year span? END
START what year did nintendo's market not surpass all computer software? END
START  who reported that nintendo sold 9 million nes systems? END
START when did compute! report the number of systems sold at 9 million? END
START the 7 million sold almost equated to which console's six year span? END
START nintendo charged producers hefty sums to make what? END
START what did companies do instead of making fds games? END
START many fds disks lack what? END
START what broke frequently and needed replacement in the machine? END
START how long did nintendo service drives and offer replacement disks? END
START nintendo didn't charge producers hefty sums to make what? END
START  what did companies do while making fds games? END
START  many fds disks had what? END
START  what broke infrequently and needed replacement in the machine? END
START  how long did atari service drives and offer replacement disks? END
START which company produced the twin famicom and the 19sc111 tv? END
START what was compatible with famicom cartridges and fds systems? END
START hyundai licensed the sharp 19sc111 tv with what name in south korea? END
START until how long did south korea ban japanese cultural products? END
START how could japanese products only enter south korea? END
START which company produced the duo famicom and the 19sc111 tv? END
START  what was compatible with famicom cartridges and ids systems? END
START  hyundai licensed the sharp 19sc111 dvd with what name in south korea? END
START the zelda games were manufactured in what color cartridge? END
START what is the standard color of all other cartridges? END
START what color were cartridges produced by nintendo for internal use? END
START what was distinctly made by nintendo, konami, and acclaim? END
START what was the opening lyric from the duck tales theme show? END
START the zelda games weren't manufactured in what color cartridge? END
START  what wasn't the standard color of all other cartridges? END
START  what color were cartridges produced by nintendo for external use? END
START  what wasn't distinctly made by nintendo, konami, and acclaim? END
START  what was the closing lyric from the duck tales theme show? END
START what was nintendo accused of? END
START why was nintendo accused of antitrust behavior? END
START who began probing nintendo's business? END
START who interviewed retailers as part of their investigation? END
START how much were the vouchers worth that nintendo sent out? END
START what wasn't nintendo accused of? END
START  why wasn't nintendo accused of antitrust behavior? END
START  who didn't probe nintendo's business? END
START  who didn't interview retailers as part of their investigation? END
START  how much were the vouchers worth that nintendo didn't send out? END
START what was the first nes emulator? END
START what was the first english available emulator? END
START when was nesticle released? END
START what platform was nesticle available for use? END
START what wasn't the first nes emulator? END
START  what was the first spanish available emulator? END
START  when was nesticle halted? END
START  what platform was nesticle unavailable for use? END
START what did the famicom sorely lack? END
START what was the lockout chip number for the usa and canada? END
START what was the lockout chip number for most of europe, save the uk and italy? END
START what was the lockout chip number for asia? END
START what was the lockout chip number for uk, italy, and australia? END
START what did the famicom not lack? END
START  what was the lockout chip number for the uk and canada? END
START what wasn't the lockout chip number for most of asia, save the uk and italy? END
START  what was the lockout chip number for south africa? END
START who designed the famicom system? END
START the plans called for how many bits as a feature? END
START who was the nintendo president at the time? END
START when was the test model constructed? END
START early famicom games were written on what computer system? END
START  who designed the pamicom system? END
START  the first plans called for how many bits as a feature? END
START  who was the nintendo vice president at the time? END
START  when was the test model destroyed? END
START  early famicom games weren't written on what computer system? END
START what was the light gun controller called? END
START what was the name of the auxiliary port used to connect additional devices on the famicom? END
START how were the special controllers connected to the nes? END
START what was the dark gun controller called? END
START what was the name of the auxiliary port used to not connect additional devices on the famicom? END
START  how were the special controllers disconnected to the nes? END
START what year did the video game market crash? END
START the crash was caused in part by the confusion and misrepresentation of what in video games? END
START what specifically was misrepresented on game products? END
START nintendo's marketing strategy aimed at what aspect of the consumer via realism? END
START  what year did the video game market boom? END
START  the crash wasn't caused in part by the confusion and misrepresentation of what in video games? END
START  what specifically was represented on game products? END
START  nintendo's marketing strategy wasn't aimed at what aspect of the consumer via realism? END
START how much did the deluxe nes sell for? END
START how much was the selling price equivalent to in today's money? END
START how much did the console sell for bundled with just the super mario bros. game? END
START super mario bros was paired with which game in the action set? END
START the basic set sold for how much at release? END
START  how much did the deluxe snes sell for? END
START  how much was the selling price equivalent to in 2018 money? END
START how much did the console sell for bundled with just the luigi bros. game? END
START  super luigi bros was paired with which game in the action set? END
START  the big set sold for how much at release? END
START what thrived after the nes was discontinued? END
START what feature does the pocketfami have? END
START the nes was duplicated on which medium in order to make clones easy to produce? END
START what thrived after the snes was discontinued? END
START what feature doesn't the pocketfami have? END
START the nes was duplicated on which medium in order to make non-clones easy to produce? END
START nintendo produced toys and what other item before its game system? END
START nintendo's era was compared with who as another video game manufacturer? END
START nintendo required what from its software developers? END
START what did licensing lead to regarding games? END
START nintendo didn't produce toys and what other item before its game system? END
START  nintendo's era was compared with who as another non-video game manufacturer? END
START  nintendo didn't require what from its software developers? END
START  what did no licensing lead to regarding games? END
START atari created nes products under which name? END
START what did nintendo sue tengen for? END
START tengen reverse engineered the lockout chip to develop what animal monikered prototype? END
START tengen got a description of nintendo's chip from whom? END
START atari created snes products under which name? END
START  what didn't nintendo sue tengen for? END
START tengen reverse engineered the lockout chip to not develop what animal monikered prototype? END
START  tengen didn't get a description of nintendo's chip from whom? END
START what month and year did the famicom receive a redesign? END
START what used composite video output? END
START what device was rf only? END
START what was the newer model called? END
START what did nintendo release in japan only? END
START what month and year did the famicom get designed? END
START  what used composite video input? END
START what device was hd only? END
START  what was the older model called? END
START  what did nintendo release in china only? END
START who developed nintendo's ppu? END
START how many kb of video ram did the ppu have? END
START the system has how many colors available on it? END
START how many grays could be used as well? END
START what is the standard display resolution of the nes? END
START who developed nintendo's spu? END
START  how many mb of video ram did the ppu have? END
START  the system didn't have how many colors available on it? END
START  how many blacks could be used as well? END
START  what is not the standard display resolution of the nes? END
START nintendo agreed with atari to release the famicom under what name? END
START when was the summer consumer electronics show held? END
START which company was illegally demonstrating a nintendo game? END
START what was the name of the fired atari ceo? END
START nintendo agreed with patari to release the famicom under what name? END
START  when was the summer consumer electronics show rejected? END
START  which company was legally demonstrating a nintendo game? END
START what was the name of the new atari ceo? END
START what was nintendo's euphemism for "video game system?" END
START what did nintendo use instead of the word console? END
START what was the term used by nintendo instead of "video games?" END
START what was printed on all licensed games and accessories by nintendo? END
START the seal of quality took on what eventual name? END
START what was nintendo's non-euphemism for "video game system?" END
START  what didn't nintendo use instead of the word console? END
START  what was the term used by nintendo instead of "games?" END
START what was printed on all unlicensed games and accessories by nintendo? END
START  the seal of quality didn't take on what eventual name? END
START how were the famicom controllers attached to the console? END
START the second famicom controller lacked start and what other button? END
START what did the second famicom controller have as a unique feature? END
START what shape were the a and b buttons on the earliest famicom controllers? END
START what shape did the a and b buttons eventually become? END
START how were the famicom controllers unattached to the console? END
START the second famicom controller lacked begin and what other button? END
START  what did the third famicom controller have as a unique feature? END
START  what shape were the d and e buttons on the earliest famicom controllers? END
START  what shape did the e and f buttons eventually become? END
START when did sega finally permit third-party publishing? END
START what was the name of the 1st company sega permitted? END
START nintendo was the sole manufacturer of what component for third-party developers? END
START as cartridges couldn't be returned to nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what? END
START what year was there a shortage of dram and rom chips? END
START  when did sega finally permit fourth-party publishing? END
START  what was the name of the 2nd company sega permitted? END
START nintendo wasn't the sole manufacturer of what component for third-party developers? END
START as cartridges could be returned to nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what? END
START  what year wasn't there a shortage of dram and rom chips? END
START what does zif stand for? END
START the zif insertion used by nintendo was set to emulate what device? END
START the force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device over eventual use? END
START what material were the connector springs made of? END
START what material comprised the game cartridge connectors? END
START  what does zid stand for? END
START the zid insertion used by nintendo was set to emulate what device? END
START  the force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device without eventual use? END
START  what material weren't the early connector springs made of? END
START  what material didn't comprise the game cartridge connectors? END
START to address the shoddy hardware, what popped up across the united states? END
START what did the repair centers promise? END
START what was done to have the privilege of working on an nes for repair? END
START to address the shoddy hardware, what popped up across the uk? END
START  what did the repair centers not promise? END
START what was done to have the privilege of working on an snes for repair? END
START the hvc-001 featured which kind of mod output? END
START the hvc-101 lost the rf and adopted which output for use in north america and europe? END
START the super nes had how many pins in its proprietary connector? END
START the re-released nes-101 model in north america went back to what perceived primitive output? END
START the hvc-001 featured which kind of mod input? END
START the hvc-101 lost the rf and adopted which input for use in north america and europe? END
START  the super nes had how many pins in its non-proprietary connector? END
START the re-released nes-101 model in south america went back to what perceived primitive output? END
START how many pins did the controller ports have on the nes? END
START unlike the famicom, the nes controllers possessed what consistent feature? END
START the second controller possessed the start and select buttons as what other device? END
START what did the legend of zelda require in certain instances to kill enemies? END
START how many pins did the controller ports have on the snes? END
START unlike the famicom, the snes controllers possessed what consistent feature? END
START the second controller possessed the on and off buttons as what other device? END
START what did the legend of link require in certain instances to kill enemies? END
START what was the name of the nes clone produced in taiwan? END
START where was the dendy sold? END
START which country marketed a clone called "family game?" END
START what was the name of the clone in poland? END
START india's first gaming console was also a clone, called what? END
START  what was the name of the snes clone produced in taiwan? END
START where was the nendy sold? END
START  which country marketed an anti-clone called "family game?" END
START what was the name of the clone in france? END
START  france's first gaming console was also a clone, called what? END
START how much does the nes unit weigh in pounds? END
START how large was the typical television recommended for the device? END
START where was the television meant to be placed? END
START what's the name of the feature on the front of the front of the nes test device? END
START how much does the snes unit weigh in pounds? END
START  how small was the typical television recommended for the device? END
START  where was the dvd player meant to be placed? END
START what's the name of the feature on the front of the front of the snes test device? END
START who was the twentieth bishop of alexandria? END
START what was one nickname for saint athanasius of alexandria? END
START for how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria a bishop? END
START how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria in exile? END
START when did saint athanasius die? END
START what name is saint athanasius also known as? END
START of what city was he bishop? END
START how long did his episcopate last? END
START what is another name that saint athanasius is know as? END
START how old was saint athanasius of alexandria when he became known as the chief defender of trinitarianism against arianism? END
START during what years was saint athanasius of alexandria exiled? END
START what city was saint athanasius of alexandria exiled to? END
START how many times has saint athanasius of alexandria been to egypt? END
START what year was saint athanasius of alexandria named athanasius the great? END
START who was the thirteenth bishop of alexandria? END
START  what was not a nickname for saint athanasius of alexandria? END
START  for how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria a pope? END
START  how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria in freedom? END
START of what city was he not a bishop? END
START in what year was athanasius consecrated? END
START how old was athanasius when he became the patriarch of alexandria? END
START did athanasius want to be the patriarch of alexandria? END
START did the people want athanasius as their bishop? END
START how long after the council of nice did saint athanasius die? END
START was saint athanasius willing or unwilling to fill the vacancy? END
START in what year was he consecrated? END
START how old was he when he was consecrated? END
START in what year was athanasius not consecrated? END
START how old was athanasius when he became the pope of alexandria? END
START  did athanasius want to be the saint of alexandria? END
START  how long after the council of nice was saint athanasius born? END
START where did athanasius remain for 6 years while living as a monk? END
START what is name of one of the compositions composed by athanasius while he lived as a monk? END
START who took over after athanasius? END
START who influenced george of cappadocia to become the new ruler? END
START who was appointed to rule the see of alexandria? END
START to where did saint athanasius withdraw? END
START how long did he spend in the desert? END
START what is one thing he wrote during this time? END
START who influenced the appointment of george of cappadocia? END
START who wrote "gratitude for his flight"? END
START who wrote "future of the arians"? END
START who wrote "gratitude to constantius"? END
START who succeeded emperor constantius? END
START who succeeded george of cappadocia? END
START in what year did athanasius return to his episcopal capitol? END
START in what year did emperor constantius die? END
START how did george of cappadocia die in prison? END
START were the arians united in their oppostion? END
START who succeeded the emperor constantius? END
START what happened to the usurping bishop, george? END
START who then succeeded george? END
START when did athanasius re-enter the capitol? END
START  who preceded emperor constantius? END
START who preceded george of cappadocia? END
START in what year was emperor constantius born? END
START  how did george of cappadocia die outside of prison? END
START what party benefited from the accession of valens? END
START valens issued a decree banishing the bishops that were deposed by who? END
START what saint fled from alexandria on 5 october to a country house outside alexandria? END
START valens' banishment of athanasius created the greatest consternation in what city? END
START what did the decree of valens do? END
START when the people in the city were concerned about athanasius, what did the prefect do?  END
START what did  athanasius do to protect himself? END
START how did valens get him to return? END
START  what party didn't benefit from the accession of valens? END
START valens didn't issue a decree banishing the bishops that were deposed by who? END
START what happened on october 4? END
START what did the decree of valens not do? END
START who wrote the biography entitled life of antony? END
START life of antony played an important role in the spreading of ascetic ideals in what religion? END
START the biography, life of antony, also resembles of the life of who? END
START the so-called athanasian creed draws upon the phraseology of what? END
START about whom did he write his most widely-read work? END
START why was this work considered to be important? END
START how did he depict anthony? END
START whose life did anthony's resemble? END
START what does the athanasian creed draw upon? END
START who wrote the autobiography entitled life of antony? END
START life of antony played an unimportant role in the spreading of ascetic ideals in what religion? END
START  the biography, life of antony, also resembles of the life of what religion? END
START  about whom did he write his least widely-read work? END
START athanasius began his leading role at what age? END
START in what year was the first council of nicaea? END
START athanasius was also known as what? END
START how many years after the first council of nicaea did athanasius become archbishop? END
START who is one emporer athanasius struggled against? END
START what conflict shaped his career? END
START why was the first council of nicaea convened? END
START because of his conflicts with the emperors, how was he known? END
START whose position was it that jesus was the son of god? END
START what year did athanasius become a roman emperor? END
START what year did constantine meet athanasius? END
START how old was constantine when he was crowned emperor? END
START in what year did the first council of nicaea end? END
START how many years did the first council of nicaea last? END
START athanasius ended his leading role at what age? END
START  in what year was the last council of nicaea? END
START  athanasius was never known as what? END
START how many years after the first council of nicaea did athanasius become pope? END
START  what peaceful protest shaped his career? END
START as a child, athanasius imitated what ritual? END
START were the pretend baptisms real? END
START why was athanasius instructed to stop pretend baptising? END
START what work did the bishop suggest for athanasius? END
START when rufinus stood by a window what did he witness? END
START who did bishop alexander baptize? END
START who told rufinus that the baptisms were genuine? END
START what was rufinus' career? END
START as an adult, athanasius imitated what ritual? END
START  why was athanasius ordered to continue baptising? END
START  what school did the bishop suggest for athanasius? END
START where was persecution of christianity the worst? END
START in what year was peter of alexandria martyred? END
START who could have been one of athanasius's teachers? END
START what suggests that athanasius was familiar with ancient greek philosophers? END
START what famous greek author did athanasius  quote? END
START where was athanasius martyred? END
START when was homer martyred? END
START when did athanasius meet plato? END
START when did athanasius attend the school of alexandria? END
START where was persecution of christianity the best? END
START  in what year was peter of alexandria born? END
START who could have been one of athanasius's students? END
START  what suggests that athanasius was unfamiliar with ancient greek philosophers? END
START  what famous italian author did athanasius quote? END
START what made arius's belief about jesus different from alexander's? END
START was this differing view common among christians of the day? END
START what other leaders believed this? END
START what eventually happened to arius? END
START when did athanasius become a deacon? END
START when did arius become a deacon? END
START where was arius born? END
START when did athanasius become a bishop? END
START where did origen meet athanasius? END
START what made arius's belief about jesus the same from alexander's? END
START  what other leaders did not believe this? END
START who was communicated by alexander? END
START who did athanasius succeed? END
START how many exiles did he endure? END
START the churches of what countries were in his territory? END
START was he united with the arians in his beliefs? END
START who did athanasius proceed? END
START  how many exiles did he evade? END
START  the churches of what countries were in not his territory? END
START who did he agree with in his beliefs? END
START where is gaul currently located? END
START with whom did athanasius travel to sardica? END
START about what did the council of the church question athanasius? END
START was athanasius permitted admission to the council? END
START what was the verdict at the council of sardica? END
START where is gaul not currently located? END
START  with whom did athanasius travel to africa? END
START  about what did the council of the church question julius? END
START who was found guilty? END
START in what year did pope julius die? END
START did liberius sympathize with athanasius? END
START what was the outcome of the council of milan? END
START what was  athanasius doing when he was arrested? END
START where the men armed who arrested him? END
START in what year was pope julius born? END
START what wasn't the outcome of the council of milan? END
START who was arrested by unarmed men? END
START what happened in 368? END
START who had a policy of condemning athanasius? END
START what was athanasius doing the next time an arrest was attempted? END
START where did athanasius flee to after this attempt? END
START what did he write during this time? END
START in which work did he refer to constantius as a precursor of the antichrist? END
START  who had a policy of agreeing with athanasius? END
START what was athanasius doing the first time an arrest was attempted? END
START  where did athanasius flee to before this attempt? END
START  what did he paint during this time? END
START where did bishops of the west meet? END
START what did the arians agree upon at sirmium? END
START what was the belief that was approved at this council? END
START what did the orthodox leaders believe? END
START what belief was accepted by constantius? END
START  where did bishops of the east meet? END
START what did the arians disagree upon at sirmium? END
START  what was the belief that was disproved at this council? END
START  what did the orthodox leaders not believe? END
START  what belief was not accepted by constantius? END
START who was jealous of athanasius's influence? END
START what position did ecdicius hold? END
START what did julian try to do to athanasius? END
START did athanasius tell the people to protest? END
START did he think he would be gone a long time? END
START who wasn't jealous of athanasius's influence? END
START  what position did ecdicius reject? END
START what did athanasius not tell the people? END
START when did he write his first works on orthodox christianity? END
START which of the two first works addresses pagan practices? END
START how did he believe jesus came into the world? END
START which of his works addresses redemption and the son of god? END
START  when did he write his last works on orthodox christianity? END
START  which of the last works addresses pagan practices? END
START  how did he not believe jesus came into the world? END
START  which of his works did not address redemption and the son of god? END
START what did he do when he thought he might be made bishop? END
START who did the catholics of alexandria want as their bishop? END
START was there someone else that was preferred as bishop? END
START when did alexander ask to see athanasius?  END
START  what did he do when he thought he might be fired from being bishop? END
START  who didn't the catholics of alexandria want as their bishop? END
START  when did athanasius ask to see alexander? END
START was athanasius well liked by everyone? END
START what was he accused of doing to a church? END
START he was accused of selling grain for what reason? END
START what did he call his detractors? END
START what did the term arian mean to him? END
START who liked athanasius? END
START  what was he accused of doing to a mosque? END
START  what did he not call his detractors? END
START  what did the term arian not mean to him? END
START what was he known as soon after he died? END
START how does the eastern orthodox church refer to him? END
START what do the protestants call him? END
START what is his feast day in western christianity? END
START what day is he celebrated in the eastern orthodox church? END
START on what day did gregory of nazianzus call athanasius the "pillar of the church"? END
START when was gregory of nazianzus counted as one of the four great eastern doctors of the church in the roman catholic church? END
START what is gregory of nazianzus feast day in the coptic orthodox church? END
START what is gregory of nazianzus feast day in western christianity? END
START what is gregory of nazianzus feast day in the other eastern orthodox churches? END
START what was he known as soon after he was born? END
START how does the eastern orthodox church never refer to him? END
START  what do the catholics call him? END
START  what is his feast day in northern christianity? END
START what day is he celebrated in the southern orthodox church? END
START what was alexandria known for? END
START was the famous school in alexandria religious only? END
START did only christians attend the school? END
START was alexandria welcoming to other cultures? END
START what was rome known for? END
START what was the name of the city where athanasius went to catechetical school? END
START where did athanasius meet pagans? END
START where were the pagans from? END
START what was alexandria not known for? END
START what epitomized the ethnically uniform world? END
START what famous event happened in 303? END
START what writing mentions the arian accusation that athanasius was under aged? END
START at what age was a man eligible to be ordained at patriarch of alexandria? END
START when was cornelius clifford born? END
START what year did cornelius clifford attend the maximian persecution? END
START when was cornelius clifford ordained as patriarch of alexandria? END
START what church does cornelius clifford belong to? END
START how old was cornelius clifford when he joined the orthodox church? END
START what famous event happened in 305? END
START what writing denies that the arian accusation that athanasius was under aged? END
START at what age was a woman eligible to be ordained at patriarch of alexandria? END
START what is the age of 20 called? END
START did the followers of meletius obey the guidelines of nicaea? END
START what was athanasius accused of planning against the arians? END
START what was the verdict of the accusation? END
START what was his punishment? END
START who was he accused of harming? END
START who did obey the guidelines of nicaea? END
START who claimed constantinople would cut off grain supplies? END
START constantinople was afraid they wouldn't receive grains from whom? END
START what exile is in modern day france? END
START did athanasius speak greek? END
START did he understand hebrew? END
START did he know all of the old testament? END
START what did students learn in the school in alexandria? END
START what translation of the old testament did he study? END
START what is the name of the school where athanasius learned hebrew? END
START where did athanasius obtain a septuagint from? END
START where did athanasius obtain a hebrew septuagint from? END
START what letter did athanasius write in hebrew? END
START what part of the old testament did he not know? END
START  what did teachers learn in the school in alexandria? END
START what copy of the scriptures did he have in exile? END
START what was not a characteristic of the school? END
START who did he have to thank for his ability to come back to alexandria in 345? END
START were the people glad to have him home? END
START in what writing did he recount his time in exiles? END
START what happened when constans died? END
START did the new emperor agree or disagree with the arians? END
START who was not thanked for letting him back in alexandria? END
START what happened in 346? END
START when did the uncivil war happen? END
START when was constan born? END
START what did athanasius do to avoid speaking to alexander on his deathbed? END
START who did the alexandrian people want to be their bishop? END
START did the bishops have someone else in mind? END
START who did alexander ask for when he was dieing? END
START what did athanasius do to avoid speaking to alexander at lunch? END
START  who did the alexandrian people want to be their pope? END
START who did the bishops want to be their bishop? END
START  who did alexander deny talking to when he was dying? END
START how much warning was liberius given before his exile? END
START where did liberius go? END
START did bribery work in convincing liberius to believe the arians? END
START who tried to bribe liberius? END
START what did liberius have to promise to do in order to return? END
START how much warning was liberius given before his freedom? END
START what happened in 355? END
START  where did liberius come from? END
START  who tried to convince liberius? END
START at what point could athanasius return to alexandria? END
START who provided for his protection while he was in rome? END
START who became patriarch in alexandria while athanasius was away? END
START how did the people of alexandria know when to celebrate easter? END
START who declared athanasius to be exiled again? END
START  at what point could athanasius leave alexandria? END
START  who provided for his judgement while he was in rome? END
START  who became patriarch in alexandria while athanasius was present? END
START  who declared athanasius to be freed again? END
START why did the bishops condemn athanasius? END
START did the pope agree with this order? END
START did the emperor agree to a new trial for athanasius? END
START what oath did the bishops have to take at the trial? END
START what happened to the bishops who did not take the oath? END
START why didn't the bishops condemn athanasius? END
START who agreed with the order? END
START who did not consent to a new trial? END
START what oath was not taken at the trial? END
START what happened to bishop george? END
START what happened to bishop leaders who did not agree with the doctrine? END
START when did athanasius return to his position as patriarch? END
START who joined him when he formed a council to encourage unity among christians? END
START what happened in 362? END
START what happened to bishop leaders who agreed with the doctrine? END
START  when did athanasius return to his position as pope? END
START who left him when he formed a council to encourage unity among christians? END
START what christian beliefs did emperor valens adhere to? END
START where did athanasius during his latest exile? END
START for how long was he exiled this time? END
START where did he hide during this time? END
START who convinced valens to let him return to alexandria? END
START what catholic beliefs did emperor valens adhere to? END
START  where did athanasius go during his first exile? END
START how many years was he exiled? END
START  who didn't convince valens to let him return to alexandria? END
START who standardized the books of the new testament? END
START what books were used before his decision to standardize? END
START how many books are listed that should be included but were not? END
START how many books are in the new testament? END
START have those books changed over time? END
START who standardized the books of the old testament? END
START what books were used after his decision to standardize? END
START  how many books are listed that shouldn't be included? END
START  how many books are in the old testament? END
START did athanasius feel that it was important to believe that jesus was the son of god? END
START did his place more value on his faith or where he was living? END
START did he think that the people that had exiled him were true believers? END
START where did athanasius think faith resides? END
START who was the festal letter written for? END
START what did athanasius feel was optional? END
START  where didn't athanasius think faith resides? END
START  who was the festal book written for? END
START how did the people  know that alexander had chosen athanasius as his successor? END
START how old was athanasius when he was chosen as patriarch? END
START who came to alexandria to confirm the choice? END
START did all the people want him as patriarch? END
START how long after the council of nicae did alexander die? END
START how did the people know that alexander had chosen athanasius as his predecesor? END
START  how old was athanasius when he was chosen as pope? END
START  how long after the council of nicae was alexander born? END
START which of the gospels most agrees with athanasius? END
START what does this gospel show that athanasius also believed? END
START why is the gospel of john said at the end of catholic mass? END
START where was this gospel said? END
START when are different gospels said? END
START  which of the gospels most disagrees with athanasius? END
START  what does this gospel show that athanasius also didn't believe? END
START  why is the gospel of john said at the end of christian mass? END
START  where was this gospel never said? END
START did all arians believe the same things? END
START were arians also origenists? END
START did the bishops consider themselves arians? END
START what did the council of nicaea decide about arianism? END
START did arians have one set of beliefs? END
START what party was monolithic? END
START what did homoousian bishops disagree with? END
START what council wasn't used as proof? END
START to what golden event was seattle the portal? END
START in what area was the klondike gold rush located? END
START what was seattle's first primary money maker? END
START what was the airplane company that helped seattle return to economic stability?  END
START which large technology giant established its home base in seattle? END
START of which washington county is seattle the center? END
START by 2015 what was seattle's population? END
START by what time was seattle the most rapidly growing city in the us? END
START how far away is the canadian border from seattle? END
START what is seattle's ranking in north america in terms of container processing?  END
START what group of settlers established a site at pioneer square? END
START by what name did charles terry and john low first name their settlement? END
START what was the chinook enhanced name of terry and low's settlement? END
START what site was eventually abandoned when the settlers moved back in with denny? END
START when was new york alki established? END
START at what date did the name seattle first appear on official papers? END
START when were the first land allocations made in seattle? END
START at what date was seattle incorporated as a town? END
START what type of governing body did seattle have in 1869? END
START what famous indian appears on the seal of seattle? END
START what was the industry source that produced seattle's first financial vigor? END
START what name was given to the street yesler way? END
START after yesler way fell into ill refute, what was the term generally used for this type of decline? END
START what events occurred in 1885-1886 due to racial disputes? END
START what percentage of the seattle population was asian in 1900? END
START after lumbering, what was seattle's second big economic boom? END
START what event ended the gold rush? END
START what was the start of the depression that stopped the gold rush? END
START for whom was seattle the main port of supply ? END
START what company did james e. casey found in 1907 with a borrowed $100? END
START during wwii what company added substantially to seattle's economy? END
START what national event during wwii left seattle without japanese businessmen? END
START in what facet of the economy did boeing excel? END
START how did seattle celebrate its economic rise in 1962? END
START what company's downturn drastically effected seattle's economy? END
START what type of theater did alexander pantages start in seattle? END
START when did pantages open his movie houses? END
START who was pantages competitor in the theater business? END
START who was the architect who built a number of theaters in the seattle area? END
START which of seattle's famous, and still extant,  theaters did priteca disign? END
START when did boeing move its headquarters to chicago? END
START what did boeing separate from its headquarters facilities? END
START besides the renton plant, where else are airplanes made for boeing? END
START to whom is the boeing credit union open? END
START before 2001, where was boeing headquartered? END
START when was ship building the economic master in seattle? END
START what was the first general labor strike in the 20th century? END
START when did the general strike happen in seattle? END
START what major strike in 1934 damaged seattle's maritime economy? END
START what city profited by seattle's maritime strike? END
START what violent act happened in seattle's chinatown in 1983? END
START what type of establishment was wan mee? END
START which huge tech corporation moved its headquarters the seattle area? END
START what item for sale in 2000 seattle was some of the most costly in the us? END
START about what time did the big tech boom in seattle fizzle? END
START what sporting event did seattle sponsor in 1990? END
START what is seattle's musical genre developed in the 1990s?  END
START when did seattle offer the world trade organization ministerial conference? END
START what caused bad press during the conference protests in seattle? END
START what was the geologic event that followed the mardi gras riots in2001? END
START what water mass is located west of seattle? END
START what lake is to the east of seattle? END
START where is seattle's prime harbor? END
START because elliott bay is salt water, what kind of port is seattle? END
START what land area is west of puget sound? END
START what large company moved its headquarters to south lake union in seattle? END
START when did amazon begin its latest expansion? END
START how many new people move to seattle each year? END
START how much of their income do half of seattle's population have to spend on housing? END
START where does seattle rank in rush hour traffic? END
START what hazardous geologic area does seattle inhabit? END
START what was the magnitude of the nisqually quake? END
START on what date did the nisqually earthquake occur that damaged the pioneer square area? END
START what is the amount of magnitude possible on the cascadia subduction zone? END
START what type of land area is at most risk of earthquake damage? END
START what other famous city, besides seattle, lies on seven hills? END
START what type of land area does capital hill, first hill, and beacon hill constitute? END
START what artificial geological feature was added to seattle in 1909? END
START where is the highest place in seattle? END
START where was harbor island built? END
START what is the average rainfall in seattle?  END
START where on the olympic peninsula does the rainfall average 142 inches a year? END
START what weather factor produces a great variance in local climates in the seattle area? END
START what is the capital of the state of washington? END
START what mountain range is the cause of the variance in rainfall? END
START during which month does seattle get more precipitation than other us cities? END
START when does seattle get it lowest levels of precipitation? END
START in the lower 48 states, which city receives some of the least sunny days that any other? END
START what weather feature is highly unusual in seattle? END
START about how many days a year is thunder a reported weather event in seattle? END
START what does the local water ways regulate in the seattle area? END
START what land mass protects seattle from pacific caused weather? END
START what geologic feature protects seattle from the arctic cold winds? END
START what type of rain fall does seattle most often experience? END
START at what location is most weather data collected for the seattle area? END
START what is a very significant part of seattle's weather system? END
START of what is the convergence zone comprised? END
START from where do the two streams of air come? END
START what mountain range splits the wind stream in the west of seattle? END
START what bad wind and rain event was not caused by the convergence zone? END
START what type of snowfall is not often seen in seattle? END
START what is the usual average snowfall in seattle? END
START how many times has snowfall been reported at more than 6 inches since 1990? END
START when was there a moderate snowfall  of over one foot that lasted on the ground two weeks? END
START on what dates did seattle experience a snow event of 6 feet? END
START what is seattle's average december temperature?  END
START how many winter days reach freezing in seattle? END
START what month is the warmest in seattle? END
START what is august's usual temperature? END
START how long is the growing season in the seattle area? END
START what type of weather does seattle have in the winter months? END
START what quantity of yearly rainfall does seattle have during the winter? END
START what are atmospheric rivers called  in the seattle area? END
START when did seattle have hurricane type winds and heavy rains? END
START how many deaths occurred during the 2007  heavy rains? END
START how many more people does seattle expect to have by 2040? END
START who wanted to grow seattle by 60% by 2040? END
START how much increase in population has the inner seattle city had since 1990? END
START what was the downtown seattle population in 2009? END
START what change in building heights did seattle make to increase population density in its downtown ? END
START how much did seattle's foreign born population expand between 1990-2000? END
START from where in china did most of the first immigrants come? END
START how many vietnamese residents are there in seattle?  END
START what is the population of cambodian immigrants in seattle? END
START what other group of people does seattle have the largest percentage of in the us? END
START in 1960, what was the percentage of whites in the seattle area? END
START according to the 2010 census, what was the white population in seattle? END
START in 2006-2008, how many people in seattle spoke english at home? END
START what is the percentage of asian speakers in seattle? END
START what is the basic race of most people in seattle? END
START how many of the fortune 500 companies are based in seattle? END
START what famous coffee chain is home in seattle? END
START which huge internet seller is headquartered in seattle? END
START in what city near seattle is microsoft based? END
START what drink do the people of seattle excel in drinking? END
START before they moved to chicago, what was the biggest company headquartered in seattle? END
START where in the seattle area does boeing have manufacturing plants? END
START which past mayor of seattle has been criticized for favoring the rich of industry at the expense of the people?  END
START what type of businesses did nickles want to attract to seattle? END
START for what did forbes rank seattle the most expensive? END
START what was seattle's gross product in 2010? END
START where does seattle rank in size of economy in 2010? END
START how does the port of seattle container capability rank as compared to others in the us? END
START when does seattle want to be rated as a climate neutral city? END
START what type of industry thrives in settle? END
START by a ucla study,how many seattle residents identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual? END
START how does the numbers in the gay community rank compared to other us cities? END
START what city ranked higher in population in the gay community? END
START what is seattle's percentage of same sex households? END
START what is seattle's ranking for same sex households as compared with the rest of the us? END
START how many theater companies does seattle have in residence? END
START what seattle theater was built in 1926? END
START to what type of theater are the two dozen live venues in seattle associated? END
START to what type of theater is seattle second to new york? END
START how many equity theaters does seattle have? END
START how old is seattle's symphony orchestra? END
START in what venue does the seattle symphony perform? END
START where do the seattle opera and pacific northwest ballet perform? END
START what structure was originally at site of the mccaw hall? END
START what seattle organization is one of the top ballet schools in the us? END
START what is seattle's present nickname? END
START to what distinct feature of the area does emerald city refer? END
START since seattle is near alaska, what is the city called? END
START from what company does seattle get its nickname jet city? END
START what did seattle call itself at the time of the goodwill games? END
START what seattle fair lasts 24 days? END
START what is seattle's gay pride parade called? END
START how many independence day celebrations does seattle have yearly? END
START when are seafair events held in seattle? END
START what is the focus of the bumbershoot festival? END
START when did seattle host the national poetry slam tournament? END
START how often is the seattle poetry festival held? END
START how often does seattle send to the national poetry slam? END
START to what style of poet does seattle consider itself home? END
START what poetry festival was first held in 1997? END
START what genre of music are nirvana and soundgarden? END
START what type of musician is bill frisell? END
START what style of music does sir mix-a-lot and macklemore represent in seattle? END
START what type of music do foo fighters and harvey danger perform? END
START where did artists such as hendrix and sixx spend their early years? END
START when did the first art gallery open in washington state? END
START what was the name of the first art museum in washington? END
START when did the seattle art museum open its doors? END
START besides the museums, what other art offering does sam operate? END
START aside from publically operated museums, what other type of person galleries does seattle offer? END
START what anime convention is held in seattle? END
START what is focus of the penny arcade expo? END
START how many bicyclists attend the seattle to portland bicycle classic? END
START what festival does seattle have for the transgender community? END
START what is seattle's festival for the polish community? END
START what was the first american hockey team to win a stanley cup? END
START in what year did the seattle metropolitans win the stanley cup? END
START to where did seattle's baseball team relocate in 1969? END
START what was the new name of the seattle team? END
START when did the seattle super sonics win an nba championship? END
START how many times have the seattle seahawks played in the world series? END
START who did the seahawks beat to win the super bowl? END
START what team defeated the seattle seahawks to win super bowl xlix? END
START what is the seattle soccer club named? END
START with what team do the sounders share century link field? END
START what is seattle thought to be politically? END
START what did the people of seattle vote to legalize in 2012? END
START what other political hot issue did voters in seattle vote to legalize in 2012? END
START  what do residents of seattle believe in matters of religion? END
START how does seattle compare in church attendance to the rest of the us?  END
START how many people in seattle vote democratic? END
START for whom did the residents of seattle vote in the 2012 presidential election? END
START what party members win most state and national legislative elections? END
START who was seattle's , and the nation's, first female mayor? END
START what is the sex of the majority of seattle's city council? END
START of what congressional district is seattle a part? END
START who is the representative for seattle's district? END
START when was mcdermott elected to office? END
START who is the present mayor of seattle? END
START to which states' election laws are seattle's law and ballots similar? END
START what percentage of the seattle population has a bachelor's degree? END
START what is the national average of obtaining a bachelor's degree? END
START how much of the seattle population have high school diplomas? END
START what is the national average of high school diploma holding citizens? END
START how was seattle ranked on literacy in 2005-2006? END
START what type of radio stations abound in seattle? END
START what are kuow and kplu radio stations? END
START with what educational facility is kexp-fm aligned? END
START what radio station is operated by the public school system? END
START where has kexp pioneered in radio? END
START what is the seattle newspaper as of 2010? END
START in what venue does the seattle post-intelligencer publish? END
START in what year did the seattle post-intelligencer  first publish? END
START what is the lgbt newspaper called? END
START who sells the newspaper real change on the street? END
START what is seattle's bus line called? END
START what service runs between south lake union and westlake center? END
START what organization runs the largest line of ferries in the us? END
START how does the seattle ferry line compare to the rest of the world? END
START to what two islands does the ferry service connect? END
START what kind of hospital is seattle children's? END
START besides serving washington, idaho, and montana, what northern state uses seattle children's? END
START in what neighborhood is the fred hutchington cancer research center located? END
START where is the veterans affairs hospital located? END
START what entity operates harborview? END
START in what year were the first streetcars used in seattle? END
START what machine caused the end of city rail lines in seattle? END
START when did the tacoma-seattle rail service end? END
START in what year did the everett-seattle rail lines cease? END
START the use of what caused the end of the use of streetcars in 1941? END
START what is mainly used for transportation in seattle? END
START what road was built in 1953 and later damaged by an earthquake? END
START what is planned to replace the alaska way viaduct? END
START what was the original projected cost of the viaduct replacement tunnel? END
START when is the tunnel now expected to be finished? END
START what educational institution is at home in seattle? END
START what is the purpose of the university of washington outreach? END
START in what year did time magazine choose seattle central community college as community college of the year? END
START beside the public universities, what other type of institutions provide education in seattle? END
START where can a student find to study art in seattle? END
START on what type of transportation system has seattle begun to focus? END
START from what kind of transportation has seattle been moving away? END
START what measure was passed by seattle voters in 2006? END
START by what year do plans call for the completion of a rail line to bellevue? END
START which former mayor backed the expansion of rail lines from downtown to ballard? END
START which three processes does phychology recognize as memory? END
START what happens to information during the encoding process? END
START what is the second memory stage? END
START what is the third process that happens during the memory process? END
START why may some memory retrieval processes fail? END
START which four processes does phychology recognize as memory? END
START what happens to information during the decoding process? END
START what is the fourth memory stage? END
START what is the third process that happens during the psychology process? END
START why may some memory retrieval processes succeed? END
START what does short-term memory depend on? END
START what did conrad find about test subjects? END
START what does conrads finding seem to mean? END
START what was conrads deal with? END
START what does long-term memory depend on? END
START what didn't conrad find out about test subjects? END
START what did confusion recalling acoustically different letters imply? END
START whose study deals with decoding written texts? END
START what did conrad's 1963 sudy find? END
START what is another name for short-term memory? END
START what exactly does short-term memory allow a person to do? END
START how much information can one store and recall in short-term memory? END
START how can one higher their memory capacity? END
START why do some countries display numbers in chunks of two to four numbers? END
START what is another name for extended memory? END
START what exactly does chunking memory allow a person to do? END
START how much information can one store and recall in long-term memory? END
START what year did george a. miller work at at&t? END
START how many groups could a person chunk a 7 digit telephone number? END
START why can't some memories be held onto forever? END
START if a memory that is stored in with long term-memories, how long can you possibly rememeber it? END
START what is the capacity of long term memory? END
START if you knew a telephone number one week ago, but have forgotten it now, where was this memory stored? END
START by storing smaller quantities of info, long-term memory has this length of duration? END
START short term memory can remember telephone numbers for many years though what? END
START repetition allows short-term memory to remember what? END
START how many years can short-term memory be stored? END
START short-term memory has immeasurable what? END
START what are some examples of units that short-term memory can be categorized in to? END
START who performed a study in 1986 invovling a participant known as kf? END
START what did kf disprove during this study? END
START what did kf have trouble doing? END
START what did this study seem to conclude? END
START what happened in a 1985 study from zlonoga and gerber? END
START which patient demonstration certain deviations from the zlonoga-gerber model? END
START what year did atkinson and shiffrin release their study? END
START what was suggested when visual long-term memory was unaffected? END
START what was damaged in kf causing difficulties to long-term memory? END
START which part of the brain does short-term memory seem to rely on? END
START which part of the brain does long-term memory rely on? END
START how much information can the hippocampus store? END
START if the hippocampus doesn't store information what does it do? END
START what type of patterns is long-term memory supported by? END
START what two brain lobe regions does long-term memory depend on? END
START who had the removal of both of his lobes? END
START what was removed from molaison to  improve his attention span? END
START what part of the brain is not essential for learning new information? END
START how long does sensory  memory to to store information? END
START can we control what is stored in our sensory memory? END
START who did the first studies on exploring a new idea of sensory memory? END
START what did spellings' findings reveal? END
START how long does sensory memory store presentations? END
START can we control what is stored in our experimental memory? END
START who did the first studies on exploring a new idea of sensory registers? END
START what experiments did george serling conduct in 1953? END
START what did spellings' findings prove to be false? END
START how does short term memory encode information? END
START how does long term memory encode information? END
START what is episodic memory? END
START if someone where to recall a wedding they had went to a year before, which type of memory would be used? END
START what did baddeleys test subjects have touble doing? END
START what year did baddeley discover episodic memory? END
START what did baddeley have difficulty recalling? END
START what is the defiition of the part of short-term memory known as episodic? END
START the short-term memory which attempts to capture information such as 'what', 'when' and 'where' is episodic what? END
START what type of short-term memory allows people to recall specific events? END
START why do infants and young childrens memories need to be assesed differently? END
START can researchers study an infants or young childs memories? END
START how can a researcher study a childs memory? END
START why can verbal report be used to assess very young children's memory? END
START what techniques have not been used to assess infantsโ recognition memory? END
START what did researchers adapt and develop immediately? END
START how can a child study a researcher's memory? END
START can researchers study an infants or young childs motor skills? END
START what are some catgories of retrospective memory? END
START if a memory is triggered by a time, which kind of memory is this? END
START what is something somebody can use to remember something? END
START if bob realized he needed to mail his mother a letter after seeing the postal office, which kind of memory did he trigger? END
START what are some catgories of respective memory? END
START if a memory is triggered by a time, which kind of memory is this not? END
START what is something somebody can use to forget something? END
START what did winograd conclude in 1989? END
START what is a inor way to distinguish different memory functions? END
START was hebb's thought of the relationship between short and long term memory true? END
START which drugs seemed to help someone remember earlier events? END
START what relationship does excitement and memory share? END
START bob was in a car accident and couldn't remember his wifes name, what part of his brain could have been damaged? END
START was hebb's thought of the relationship between long and longer term memory true? END
START which drugs seemed to help someone forget earlier events? END
START what relationship does unexcitement and memory share? END
START what are patients with amygdalar damage more likely to remember? END
START what typ of damage may also cause memory gain and helps with memory storage. END
START is it important to know how information is coded in the brain? END
START have researchers learned anything studying plasticity? END
START what are the roles of covergence-divergence zones? END
START what has most of the research on memories revolved around? END
START have researchers learned anything studying elasticity? END
START is it not important to know how information is coded in the brain? END
START what are the roles of covergence-divergence voids? END
START what has none of the research on memories revolved around? END
START what changes are involved in more simple examples of memory END
START what do cognitive neuroscientists believe memory is? END
START what suggests that memory has two different components? END
START what showed that memory exists even before that memory is known to the person? END
START what is an engram trace? END
START what do regular scientists believe memory is? END
START what suggests that memory has three different components? END
START what did dudai learn in 1904? END
START what did semon learn in 2007? END
START what did moscovitch learn in 2006? END
START what is another term for procedural memory? END
START if bob remembered how to bake a cake after seeing this on television what memory is he using? END
START what set of skills is reliant on procedural memory? END
START if bob does throws 15 more free throws than he did last week, how many more explicit memories has he gained? END
START what is another term for procedural senses? END
START if bob remembered how to bake a cake after seeing this on television what sense is he using? END
START what set of skills is not reliant on procedural memory? END
START what type of memory does not depend on the cerebellum and basal ganglia? END
START what type of memory is secondarily employed in learning motor skills and should be considered a subset of implicit memory END
START which model explains why bob has an easier time reading a book, and then discussing it rather than reading two books? END
START which concept is criticised for being unworthy and too broad? END
START which part of memory allows us to go about our daily lives? END
START what does the non-working memory model explain? END
START what has been praised as adequate and non-vague? END
START what is non-working memory also the premise for? END
START which part of memory allows us to go about our long-term lives? END
START which model explains why bob has an easier time writing a book, and then discussing it rather than writing two books? END
START what do most elderly people worry about? END
START is an eldery person with alzheimers having the same problem as a similar aged person experiencing memory loss? END
START which part of the brain is associated with the memory loss an elderly person suffers? END
START which memory is an elderly person helping by using appointment books? END
START what is one of key concerns of younger adults? END
START what is not one of the hallmark symptoms of alzheimer's disease? END
START what did alzheimer & price state in 2005? END
START younger adults tend to exhibit? END
START older adults can manage their problems with prospective memory by not using what? END
START does a 6 month old have short term memory? END
START what age can an infabt recall steps in an order? END
START what part of a two step sequence can a 6 month old remember? END
START what part of the brain is not fully developed in infants which can cause the memory differences in ages? END
START it should be noted that although 6-month-olds cannot recall information over what? END
START they have no difficulty recalling the temporal order of what? END
START what part of a two step sequence can a 16 month old remember? END
START what part of the brain is fully developed in infants which can cause the memory differences in ages? END
START researchers have suggested that these age similarities are probably due to what? END
START when remembering your first day of school or first dance, which memory are you using? END
START when fondly remembering your memory, which type of memory are you using? END
START which type of memory enables us to remember knowledge of the world? END
START which type of memory is used when remembering something that we've seen? END
START when remembering your first day of school or first dance, which sense are you using? END
START which type of memory disables us to remember knowledge of the world? END
START what can result from visual stimulus? END
START what does biographical memory encompass? END
START what type of memory allows knowledge like remembering that paris is the capital of germany? END
START what can cause your memory to deterioriate or not work as well? END
START which hormones are produces when a animal is stressed out? END
START who performed a study that involved having peoples hands in cold water while also memorizing words? END
START what did l. schwabes and o. wolfs study seem to conlcude? END
START what can cause your memory to deterioriate and work better? END
START which hormones are produces when a animal is happy? END
START which austrian cognitive psychologists released an experimental study? END
START what does secpt not stand for? END
START what trouble can interference cause? END
START what is retroactive interference? END
START what is proactive interference? END
START what is a term used to describe being able to learn something quicker due to an older ability? END
START what benefits does interference have? END
START what is active interference? END
START what is proactive disruption? END
START what is the phenomenon when learning latin makes it harder to learn french? END
START what disrupts recall of old information? END
START in 1960 did people believe an infant was able to remember things? END
START what is the minimum age researchers think a child begins to have memory? END
START does a persons memory capacity increase with age? END
START who has a better memory retention a 6 month old or a 9 month old? END
START what was assumed until the middle of the 1960s? END
START research indicates that 6 month olds can recall what after a 48 hour delay? END
START 6-month-olds need approximately five exposures in order to be able to do what? END
START what has shown that with age, infants can store information slower END
START as infants grow older they can store what for shorter periods of time? END
START what role does the amygdala play in memory? END
START can you pin point certain areas of the brain to certain memories.  END
START what changes can be linked to learning and memory? END
START what is the hippocampus's relationship to memory? END
START what role does the amygdala play in speech? END
START can you pin point certain areas of the heart to certain memories END
START what similarities can be linked to learning and memory? END
START what is thought to be involved in nonemotional memory? END
START what is the hippocampus's relationship to speech? END
START does it matter how long someone is exposed to stress to have an impact on their memory? END
START whar does research show happens to blood glucorticoid levels during stressful events? END
START can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their future abilities? END
START do the people studied in different research perform as well after stress as they did before becoming in contact with stressful situations? END
START whar does research show happens to blood glucose levels during stressful events? END
START can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their past abilities? END
START how does long term exposure to stress also cause impairment in memory? END
START when subjects are asked to complete a remembering task after short term exposure they have what? END
START why does long term exposure to stress have less impact? END
START what neurons are damaged during stressful events? END
START what can make someone more prone to memory loss as they age? END
START what will a person often do with extremely stressful memories? END
START what is the cause of neuron loss due to stress? END
START what protons are damaged during stressful events? END
START what can make someone more prone to memory gain as they age? END
START what will a person often do with extremely stressful thoughts? END
START what is the cause of neuron gain due to stress? END
START where are the ac1 neurons found? END
START does sleep hurt a persons memory? END
START what does sws stand for? END
START what take place during sws? END
START what is the role of the neocortex whe it relates to memory? END
START in studies what is a relationship between sleeping and learning? END
START why does sleep affect recall? END
START when are the neural connections in the brain weakened? END
START what does wsw stand for? END
START what take place during wsw? END
START what is the role of the neocortex whe it relates to muscles? END
START can one increase their brain efficency? END
START what can a person do to increase their brain efficiency? END
START in a study performed with 17 subjects, what relationship did healthy changes and brain efficiency have? END
START do lifestyle changes definitely have an affect on long term memory? END
START who published a study in a june 2006 issue of ucla? END
START can one increase their brain unefficency? END
START what can people improve through complex lifestyle changes? END
START after 17 says, they showed greater what? END
START how many subjects had the average age of 17? END
START what is a term to describe memory loss? END
START what diseases can have a major imact on memory? END
START what is korsakoff's syndrome? END
START is amnesia only seen in one form? END
START what happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged? END
START what is a term to describe memory gain? END
START what diseases does not have a major impact on memory? END
START what is alzheimer's syndrome? END
START why is amnesia only seen in one form? END
START what happens to a person whose biographic memory is damaged? END
START does excersice have any role on cognitive brain function? END
START what positive things can happen to your brain when you excersise? END
START is a child who excercies likely to perform better in school? END
START what type of excercise has shown the best benefit for the brain? END
START what has many cognitive drawbacks and effects on the brain? END
START what type of nonaerobic exercises have benefits on the brain? END
START what negative things can happen to your brain when you excersise? END
START the effects of exercise on memory do not have important implications for what? END
START what causes decreased oxygen and nutrient delivery? END
START what can impact memory performance in a positive way? END
START what can the scent of vanilla be used for? END
START what did a study performed by schwabe and wolf show? END
START in schwabe and wolfs study what where particpants asked to memorize? END
START in their study what was the relationship that both groups shared? END
START what can impact memory performance in a negative way? END
START what can the scent of lavender be used for? END
START what did a study performed by schwartz and wolf show? END
START in schwabe and wolfs study what where participants asked to forget? END
START what were seventy healthy female and male university students, randomly assigned to? END
START what can cause a person to have fake memories? END
START who performed a study that showed the similarirty of imaginging doing something and then later remembering actually doing that task? END
START what did a similar study done by garry find? END
START what did goff and roediger ask people to do in 1996? END
START what can cause a person to have fake senses? END
START what did a similar study done by gary goff find? END
START what happens when people are not asked to imagine events? END
START who asked students how uncertain they were that they experienced events? END
START what has research shown about our memories? END
START how does a person build their memories? END
START what did a study done by elizabeth loftus and john palmer show? END
START in their study what did people say they say when they really hadn't due to having the word "smashed" inserted into the question? END
START what has research not shown about our memories? END
START how does a person build their confidence? END
START what did a study done by john loftus and elizabeth palmer show? END
START who conducted a study in 1794? END
START what is known as the information effect? END
START what is the most widely used way in learing? END
START what does memorization mean? END
START what learning tool did cosmos rosselliius write about? END
START what is the spacing effect? END
START what is the zeigarnik effect? END
START what is the least widely used way in learning? END
START what does memorization not mean? END
START what learning tool did cosmo kramer write about? END
START what is the cosmos effect? END
START what uses non-spatial memory to memorize spatial information? END
START when was the first federal population census taken in the us? END
START what were the two categories for race in the census? END
START who all was identified by name in the house holds? END
START what were indians categorized as after they were included as others? END
START when was the first us federal population census taken? END
START how were enumerators instructed to classify residents? END
START was every resident listed by name? END
START were all residents counted together or separately? END
START when did any changes to counting procedures  happen? END
START when did the us begin to take census? END
START at what point were all members of the household named on a census? END
START who were considered "free people of color"? END
START what does mulatto mean? END
START where would a native american live to not be counted in the census? END
START what year was the last federal population census taken in the united states? END
START what was first taken in england in 1790? END
START what were native americans classified as if they were living on an indian reservation? END
START who was identified by name in the federal census after 1850? END
START how were people of asian descent classified by in later censuses? END
START the census bureau had gone from two categories to how many by the 1990s? END
START why were there more immigrants in the us? END
START how had the census bureau changed its collection of data? END
START what is one of the many outcomes of the census data? END
START by 2002, what percent of african americans had multiracial ancestries? END
START how many different ethnic categories were listed on the modern census? END
START can people self identify as more than one ethnicity on the us census currently? END
START about how many african american have multiracial ancestries END
START do some ethnic groups have concerns about census changes? END
START how is some federal assistance allocated to certain groups? END
START twelve or more categories for race and ethnicity were in the census by when? END
START when did laws allow for more immigrants? END
START how many african americans identify as multiracial on the census of 2002? END
START what type of federal assistance depends on census data? END
START how many ethnic/racial categories were on the census in 1980? END
START who had come to reside in the united states due to new immigration laws in the 1940s? END
START when did the united states end the new immigration laws? END
START what percentage of white americans had multiracial ancestries? END
START what kind of federal assistance does not depend on census data? END
START americans with african ancestry have always been classified as what race? END
START what were slaves and others of african ancestry classified by what term? END
START melungeons are generally classified as white but what are they genetically what other races? END
START what did many with european ancetry "marry white" and want to be part of the white society? END
START which americans have been historically classified as african american or black? END
START what caused lower classification status for african americans? END
START how did many multiracial americans attain social and economic advantages? END
START what is the group called who are genetically sub saharan and european but are classified as white? END
START what are some historical reasons multiracial americans have been classified as black? END
START what is melungeon? END
START what does it mean to have "marred white"? END
START what were slaves and africans classified by? END
START what were those with sub-saharan african ancestory classified as? END
START who has frequently been classified as hispanic? END
START what were people of european ancestry classified by? END
START what kind of people assimilated into black society? END
START why did people choose not to assimilate into white society? END
START what families have been demonstrated genetically to be of asian and african ancestry? END
START when was there a period of formal racial segregation? END
START what is the effect of there no longer being a stigma on interracial marriage? END
START what has caused more people of mixed races to the us? END
START why were americans allowed to start checking more than one box to identify their race in the census in 200? END
START who was elected and was the first multiracial president of the united states? END
START who was the first multiracial president elected in the us END
START when did the us begin to experience a growing multiracial identity movement? END
START when did the us census start to allow residents to mark more than one ethno-racial identity on the census form? END
START what has brought more mixed race people to the us? END
START who are "mestizos"? END
START what was it once considered socially advantageous to do? END
START what is an example of the multiracial identity movement at work? END
START what does the first multiracial president identify as? END
START when did the census begin allowing multiple boxes to be checked? END
START when was an african american president elected? END
START what are less people openly doing than in the past? END
START what has brought more single-race people into the united states? END
START what movement did the united states have before the 1980s? END
START what year was the last census that allowed residents to check more than one ethno-racial identity? END
START who was the last multiracial president of the united states? END
START what were put in place to prevent the mix of races? END
START why did the anti-miscegenation not insure that there was no interracial mixing? END
START where was there greater numbers of latinos and asian residents? END
START what races were prohibited from official relationships with whites? END
START when were the laws against marriage between asians and europeans lifted? END
START when were anti-miscegenation laws passed? END
START did these laws change behavior of white slaveholders and other powerful white men? END
START which region has greater numbers of latino and asian residents? END
START were there any laws against marriage between whites and asians in the us? END
START were latino residents also prohibited from marrying whites?  END
START in the western us, who were not allowed to have relationships with whites? END
START when did laws stop banning marriage between whites and asians? END
START who were taking slaves as concubines? END
START what laws were passed in the 21st century? END
START who refused to take slave women as concubines? END
START where in the us were there smaller numbers of asian and latino residents? END
START who was permitted to have official relationships with whites? END
START what was prohibited after the 1950s?  END
START when did the numbers of free people of color increase dramatically? END
START how were the laws in new york abolished? END
START how long did it take for states like new york to abolish all slave laws? END
START who in the south were urging their churches to free their slaves in the south? END
START when were the last slaves freed in new york state? END
START who implored slaveholders to free their slaves? END
START what caused many slaveholder to free their slaves? END
START how much did the percentage of free people in the south change from 1782 to 1810? END
START when did the number of free people of color begin to increase in the north and south? END
START what is it called when it takes several years for slaves to be freed in a program? END
START the last slave in new york was freed when? END
START what caused quaker and methodist preachers to want to free slaves? END
START in 1810, how many black people were considered free? END
START what caused many men to free slaves from 1782 to 1810? END
START what happened to the number of free people of color before the revolutionary war? END
START what did only a few northern states do? END
START when were the first slaves in new york freed? END
START who urged slaveholders in the south not to free their slaves? END
START what percentage of blacks in the south were free people of color after 1810? END
START what is the one-drop rule? END
START what did some courts call the one-drop rule? END
START what is a hypodesecnt rule? END
START when was the one-drop rule in effect? END
START what is the one-drop rule? END
START what is the hypodescent rule? END
START why were laws like the one drop rule enacted? END
START what made the one drop rule stricter than rules in the 19th century? END
START in the early 1900s, what was did black mean in southern states? END
START prior to the 1900s, what was the socially accepted rule for racial interpretation? END
START what rule means multiracial people are given status of the socially subordinate group? END
START what was the rule used in law in the 1900s called? END
START what was the rule in the 1800s called? END
START what did southern states do to stop white supremacy? END
START what laws did the northern states create in the early 20th century? END
START what did the one-drop rule define as white? END
START what was not a name that was used for the one-drop rule? END
START what kind of rule did lawyers say the one-drop rule was an example of? END
START before the mid-20th century were people open about their muticultural heritage and why or why not? END
START are all muticultural americans aware of their cultural heritage? END
START approximentally how many americans identified themselves as multiracial in the 2010 us census? END
START what is the accepted definition of "multicultural" ancestry? END
START why did muticultural americans hid their heritage? END
START are all multicultural americans aware of their heritage? END
START which cultural do multicultural people usually identify with? END
START what are people most likely to identify themselves as? END
START would dna show a higher number or lower number of mutliracial people than those reported in the census? END
START what does it mean to be a mutliracial? END
START how many multiracial people in the us were there in 2010? END
START when did people stop hiding mutliracial heritage? END
START how many individuals identified as multiracial in the 2000 us census? END
START what percentage of the population did not identify as multiracial? END
START what would most likely produce a lower number of multiracial people? END
START what often led to people identifying or being classified by multiple ethnicities? END
START what did many people do with their multiracial identities after the mid-20th century? END
START what occured from 1955 to 1968? END
START how much of the population identified as mixed race in the 2000s? END
START what is race sometimes seen as? END
START who are descendents of various culturally distinct groups? END
START what does affect recent identification in many cases? END
START what are the english people mostly descendants of? END
START when did the hispanic civil rights movement occur? END
START how much of the population identified as multiracial before the 2000s? END
START what is race not acknowledged as? END
START what did social movements from before the mid-twentieth century work to achieve? END
START who were considered "white indians"? END
START who had indigenous "country wives"? END
START who lived in native communities, speaking the language and participating in the affairs of tribes? END
START why were some multiracial children sent to europe? END
START where were legal wives usually kept? END
START what were indigenous americans living among europeans called? END
START who was less numerous than "white indians"? END
START who married indigenous american men? END
START where did indigenous americans keep bases? END
START who was sent to indigenous american schools for their education? END
START when could white women and black men be in a union? END
START where did 80% of free people of color in nc come from? END
START what is paul heinegg? END
START what censuses did he study? END
START who made unions with african women during the colonial years? END
START what happened to mixed-race children from mothers who were enslaved? END
START what can eighty percent of enslaved people of color in north carolina be traced to? END
START what percentage of free people of color in virginia can be traced to families in north carolina? END
START who made unions with african men after the colonial years? END
START who were not identified by name on the census before the civil war? END
START who was thomas jefferson in a relationship with? END
START not recognizing white fatherhood for multiracial slave children cause what to be lost? END
START who will not reveal full ancestral data to mixed race people? END
START what people report having elder family members who were open with genealogical information? END
START what is usually a very easy process? END
START what identified slaves by name before the american civil war? END
START who acknowledged their mixed-race slave children in records? END
START who was john adams in a relationship with? END
START who brought christian missionaries to hawaii? END
START what cause royal hawaiian females to find themselves ugly? END
START what are some examples of how a noble person should look before christians came? END
START what did westerners call the women of hawaii? END
START when would white men marry the paler and thinner hawaiian ladies? END
START where did christian missionaries follow traders before the 1800s? END
START who followed christian missionaries to the hawaiian islands? END
START what positively impacted the level of regard hawaiian royal women held for their own indigenous looks? END
START what was dark skin no longer considered a sign of nobility? END
START when did european women start marrying hawaiian men? END
START who are blamed in this paragraph for jim crow laws? END
START when did virginia add the one drop rule to their laws? END
START what fact was ignored by enacting one-drop rule laws? END
START why were laws limiting people of color passed? END
START what had popularity in the early 20th century that caused rising racial discrimination? END
START what continued to be enacted in new laws in the 21st century? END
START what state enacted the two-drop rule? END
START what kind of laws had been proposed and passed in the late 19th century in south carolina? END
START who gained political power in the south by enfranchising blacks? END
START in what years did democrats pass laws to impose jim crow? END
START a person is not a member of a racial minority if ancetry does not what? END
START who are consdered to have the most physical differences? END
START what are groups other than blacks considered to be? END
START what is easy to explain to people in other countries? END
START what is considered more threatening to african blacks? END
START when is a person defined solely as a member of a racial minority? END
START who is it easy to explain "passing as white" to? END
START who says genetic tests can't tell the difference between different native american nations? END
START what are geneticists looking for? END
START what is there genetic evidence of? END
START what can dna testing distinguish between? END
START what kind of evidence is there for recent historic differentiation? END
START how do scientists know that native americans have only the genetic markers they have identified? END
START who does not acknowledge that dna testing cannot yet distinguish among members of differing cultural native american nations? END
START how many minor migrations into north america is there evidence for? END
START how do some mixed raced people feel? END
START how many racial choices are there on standardized tests? END
START how many race choices may someone check? END
START what does the "other" box do? END
START when do mixed race individuals feel marginalized? END
START who feels marginalized by canadian society? END
START what usually has about 10 race choices? END
START what does the "other" box avoid? END
START when do single race people feel marginalized? END
START when do multiracial individuals feel important in u.s. society? END
START what usually played a larger role than laws regarding a person's race? END
START where did people not ask about racial background? END
START what were the hallmarks of free citizens? END
START whos acceptance decided inheritance issues? END
START what had different laws regarding color after the one-drop rule?  END
START what played the smallest role in how a person was perceived? END
START in what areas were there the most questions about origins? END
START what was not a factor in how communities looked at people? END
START what was never based on how people were accepted by their neighbors? END
START the president's father is from what country? END
START what community still has some effects of slavery? END
START what must africans who recently immigrated do? END
START who argue for a term other than african american to describe recent immigrants? END
START what happened to the number of african and caribbean ethnic african immigrants before the 20th century? END
START who has immigrated more to canada since the late 20th century? END
START who has argued that new terms for recent immigrants should not be used? END
START what have white writers argued are needed for recent immigrants? END
START who do black writers say should not recognize their own unique ancestral backgrounds? END
START when did multiracial people start to organize for more inclusive racial identifiers? END
START what was the response to the idea of identifying people as biracial or multiracial? END
START what could have cause loss of power via the use of the term biracial and multiracial? END
START who are some of the opponents of biracial and multiracial as identifiers? END
START what did parents of mixed race children lobby for before the 1980s? END
START what was the response from the public like when the u.s. government proposed dropping the category of "bi-racial"? END
START what political leader was vocally in favor of the multiracial category? END
START why was diane watson in favor of the multiracial category? END
START what is a way african americans could increase their numbers? END
START what determined a child's social identity? END
START what heritage system do southeast tribes use? END
START what were multiracial children with a tribal mother considered to be in tribes of the southeast? END
START what race did the omaha view a multiracial child with a white father to be? END
START what did not determine the social identity of the children? END
START what was the status of mixed race children in the tribes of the northwest? END
START what was the child of a white woman and a omaha man considered? END
START who would not protect mixed-race children and their mothers? END
START who could formally belong to the tribe if they were adopted by a woman? END
START who was a doctor? END
START who was the doctor related to? END
START who did the relative of the doctor marry? END
START who met their husbands at the hampton institute? END
START what tribe was eastman related to? END
START how many african-american teachers married indigenous american men they had met at hampton institute? END
START what was the name of the woman seth eastman married? END
START who was a lawyer of european and sioux ancestry? END
START who did seth eastman have a son with? END
START where was seth eastman stationed in south dakota? END
START who said many african americans have native american heritage? END
START who disproved sherrel's hypothesis? END
START who hosts a tv series on the genetic history of african americans? END
START what writer asserted that very few african americans have significant native american heritage? END
START who do genetic researchers claim have significant native american heritage? END
START who hosted a tv series on asian american ancestry? END
START what popular belief is supported by the data that has been collected? END
START what do genetic researches believe most african americans have? END
START what jobs did the earliest europeans who mingled with natives hold? END
START who started marrying or having unions with native women after settlment increased? END
START why did chesapeake bay colonists begin to buy slaves? END
START who first imported slaves to new york? END
START who freed some of the early slaves? END
START what has a long history in europe? END
START who did native men take as companions? END
START what did traders and fur trappers do before european settlement increased? END
START what did colonists import in the 16th century? END
START who was sometimes freed by their masters during the later years? END
START president thomas jefferson had a relationship with who? END
START what was the name of the smithsonian-monticello exhibit that discussed their relationship? END
START how long were jefferson and hemmings in a relationship? END
START which child of jefferson identified as black? END
START how much of the children of jefferson and hemmings were white? END
START what slave did george washington have a relationship with? END
START how long were washington and hemings in a relationship for? END
START how many of the hemings children moved to the south? END
START what was it socially disadvantageous for the hemings children to do? END
START who was legally black under virginia law at the time? END
START as an example, whose status was downgraded after the civil war? END
START who were increasingly included as african americans in the 20th century? END
START what were african americans forced to share before the civil war? END
START what kept the separate status of the traditionally free people of color in louisiana the same? END
START who maintained a strong culture related to italian culture? END
START what culture was known for practicing protestantism? END
START what decreased the pressure for people of african descent to be claimed by the black community? END
START where did most chinese men enter the us? END
START who imported chinese laborers? END
START what cause wives to be unable to move to the us with their chinese husbands after 1882? END
START what did racial bias generally mean for chinese people? END
START what did chinese laborers do after they left that line of work? END
START who entered the united states as intellectuals? END
START who did white planters import before the reconstruction era? END
START what act allowed chinese workers in the u.s. to have their wives join them? END
START where did chinese men take white spouses? END
START what did chinese men set up in cities throughout the north? END
START what office is responsible for the census form changes? END
START when did the omb change racial guidelines for the census form? END
START when were the omb racial directive made mandatory for every government form? END
START what did the omb vote to allow on the 2000 census? END
START when did the omb change federal regulations of racial categories to bar multiple responses? END
START in what year were participants no longer allowed to choose more than one of the six available categories? END
START what was not one of the categories participants could choose on the 2000 united states census? END
START when did the omb directive stop being mandatory on government forms? END
START what office is barred from making changes to the census form? END
START what was the result of a child having an african mother? END
START what is the rule that allows children with white fathers to be slaves? END
START who was the first african american to gradute from vassar college? END
START what makes a person mulatto? END
START what does a person have to have to be an octoroon? END
START what did laws from the 16th century define children of african slave mothers as? END
START who was not born into slavery? END
START who were free people of color in new york descended from? END
START who took advantage of slave men? END
START what did african americans not use passing to do? END
START why did steele think people were not attacking barrack obama? END
START what does condoleeza rice prefer to term people as? END
START what did president sarkozy think secretary of state rice was? END
START who is charles kenzie steele jr? END
START why did steele say what he did? END
START who accused people of attacking barack obama more than michelle obama? END
START what year did charles kenzie steele, jr. accuse the media of attacking barack obama? END
START who was mistaken for a "recent american immigrant" by the german prime minister? END
START what designation for african americans does condoleezza rice prefer over "black" and "white"? END
START who claimed that descendants of slaves had a good head start? END
START when was the wedding of rolfe and pocahontas? END
START what did english laws not exclude people with some native blood from being? END
START who married indigenous women early on? END
START where did rolfe marry pocahontas? END
START who was an ancestor of the first families of virginia? END
START who did some early female settlers marry? END
START what was later contact between indigenous americans and europeans like? END
START where did no marriages take place between european men and native women? END
START when was john rolfe divorced from pocahontas? END
START who was an ancestor to many first families of north carolina? END
START what has helped geneologists researching slaves? END
START what were slaves usually not allowed to do? END
START what replaced written records for black families? END
START who caused the census burea to drop the terms free people of color and mulatto? END
START when were the terms mulatto and free people of color taken off the census? END
START what do colonial records of german slave ships often have? END
START what do genealogists use to trace african american families after 1870? END
START what did asians generally not learn to read and write? END
START when did the census bureau drop the binary classifications of black and white? END
START who did colonists ask for help in returning runaway slaves? END
START when was a treaty with the iroquis made to return slaves? END
START what asked for the return of slaves who married indigenous americans or spoke their language? END
START how did natives and africans come to know each other? END
START why did natives consider africans to have a 'great medicine'? END
START who never created a treaty with the indigenous american tribes? END
START when did the governor of south carolina make the iroquois promise to return runaway slaves?  END
START what were indigenous americans immune to? END
START why did the tribes encourage marriage between indigenous americans and whites? END
START what indigenous american tribe returned slaves to the european colonists? END
START what did the laws passed in the 17th century do? END
START what is the rule called that causes a father's race to not matter? END
START what did white fathers do after the american revolution to provide for mixed children? END
START english common law generally said what? END
START what did not occur during the earliest colonial years? END
START what was a racial caste associated with people of british descent in african colonies? END
START what english colony passed laws that gave children the social status of the father? END
START who did many white mothers abandon? END
START where was the practice of providing for the children less common? END
START what are many latin american migrants? END
START what do latinos consider a light skinned mulatto to be? END
START who is overlooking darker skinned latino multiracial people? END
START what does the typical latino in media look like? END
START what are many european american migrants? END
START who has a large amount of media representation? END
START what do white americans consider a light skinned mulatto to be? END
START who is not overlooking darker skinned latinos? END
START who has accused the media of ignoring blonde hispanic americans? END
START before 1920, how would a person be white by law? END
START what year was mulatto left off the us census? END
START who is responsible for the census bureau discarding the mulatto category? END
START when was a person legally white in south carolina before 1920? END
START when was the one-drop rule ended? END
START what was an attempt to increase black political power? END
START what was the first year the u.s. census used the mulatto category? END
START what was the result of a northern-dominated congress convincing the census bureau to change its rules? END
START who wrote an article in the new york dail news about obama? END
START what did david ehrenstein call obama in 2008? END
START what did ehrenstein say obama does for white people? END
START what was the title of crouch's article? END
START who wrote about obama in a time magazine piece? END
START what la times columnist accused liberals of avoiding obama? END
START what is a term for a black person who does not help the mainstream white agenda? END
START what year did david ehrenstein write a piece accusing liberals of avoiding obama? END
START who said obama's father was of white u.s. stock? END
START what does the "mixture" heading mean? END
START what year did the us census write in response category have a code-listing? END
START bi-racial would be coded as what? END
START how many race options were there? END
START what did the 1990 census have in the write-in response category? END
START what did the code listing destandardize? END
START what heading can be racially categorized? END
START in what year did the census have eight enumerated races? END
START how many race options did the canadian census have? END
START what is considered to be neglected in american history? END
START when is it recorded that africans and natives interacted earliest? END
START where did africans escape and mate with naitves? END
START where did ayllon lay down a spanish colony? END
START how many slaves were at san miguel de gualdape at its inception? END
START what is a part of american history that has been paid a lot of attention? END
START what is the latest record of african and indigenous american relations in the americas? END
START where were the last black indians born? END
START when was the latest year that african slaves were absorbed into indigenous americans? END
START how many free africans lived in san miguel de gualdape? END
START what documentary features a white man in north carolina? END
START who is related to bliss broyard? END
START gregory howard williams wrote what type of book? END
START what book was written by anatole broyard? END
START what documentary features a black man in north carolina? END
START what documentary is about a white man in georgia? END
START what book was written about bliss broyard? END
START who filmed the documentary on the sanders women of shreveport, louisiana? END
START when did people lobby for allowing more than one category to be selected on legal forms? END
START how did the public react to the categories of "bi-racial" and "multiracial"? END
START which political leaders spoke out against the proposed designations? END
START what did they fear would happen? END
START who lobbied for the ability to show more than one ethnic category on legal forms before the 1980s? END
START what did the u.s. government propose that people were happy about? END
START what year did the u.s. government propose getting rid of a multiracial category? END
START what politician was in favor of the multiracial category? END
START who would gain power from abandoning their one category? END
START who married sacagewea? END
START who made up most unions between europeans and natives? END
START what factor affected the ability of a child to be in a tribe? END
START what nations are considered matrilineal? END
START how could a white child be considered a member of the omaha tribe? END
START who married clark? END
START what did not dictate how easily a woman's children would be assimilated into a tribe? END
START what kind of systems did tribes in the northwest have? END
START who did the creek not give status in their mother's tribes? END
START who was not considered white to the omaha? END
START what brought african americans together? END
START who made it next to impossible to learn about their heritage for african americans? END
START slaves were not allowed to do what? END
START what did indigenous americans not do that makes it difficult to trace their heritage? END
START what factors did not affect racial solidarity amoung african americans? END
START what was a factor in ethnic solidarity for whites? END
START who was the one-drop rule not a significant factor for?  END
START who found it easy to learn about their indigenous american heritage? END
START who was forthcoming with genealogical information? END
START who was encouraged to read and write? END
START what stock character lived with her white father until he left the picture? END
START who was the first to use the tragic octoroon? END
START what story was written by child in 1842? END
START what does the tragic octoroon point out? END
START who used the figure of the tragic octoroon? END
START who wrote about the last "tragic octoroon" character? END
START what story was the last "tragic octoroon" character in? END
START what character allowed abolitionists to draw attention away from sexual exploitation? END
START who would sell his own children into slavery? END
START what was a mixed-race woman raised as a black woman in her black father's household called? END
START by 1931, what percentage of the worldโs jews were ashkenazi jews? END
START from the 11th century until 1931, the population of ashkenazi jews grew by what percent? END
START who made rough calculations and implied that ashkenazi jews make up less than 74% of the jewish population worldwide? END
START the present-day population of ashkenazi jews is thought to be between which two numbers? END
START how many jews were there in the world just prior to the holocaust? END
START in which tractate of the babylonian talmud is the name gomer given as germania? END
START saadia gaon identified ashkenaz with the saquliba or what territories? END
START who identified ashkenaz with the saquliba or slavic territories? END
START even though gomer is rendered as germania in the yoma tractate of the babylonian talmud, in other rabbinical literature it was identified with what? END
START ashkenaz is linked to scandza/scanzia, which is viewed as what? END
START who expelled the jews from his merovingian kingdom in 629? END
START does the archeological record suggest that there was a rather large or small population of jews in gaul and germany? END
START in antiquity, most jews in gaul or germany probably occupied what two roles? END
START in what year did jewish communities exist in brittany? END
START during the middle ages, some jews assimilated into the dominant greek and latin cultures by doing what? END
START what percentage of israeli jews are people of ashkenazi descent? END
START when israel was in its infancy as a state, there were cultural conflicts between which two groups? END
START what was the conflict between sephardic and ashkenazi jews attributed to? END
START what percentage of all israelis are thought to be of ashkenazi descent? END
START when israel was in its infancy as a state, the ashkenazi jews involved in conflicts with sephardic jews were mainly what type of jews? END
START culturally, an ashkenazi jew can be identified by what concept? END
START what does yiddishkeit mean in the yiddish language? END
START in the past most jews prayed in what language? END
START in the past, while most jews prayed in one language, they used which other language in their secular lives? END
START is there a larger or smaller number of jews that speak yiddish today than in the past? END
START for what period of time were the ashkenazim a reproductively isolated population in europe? END
START in an ethnic sense, ashkenazi jews can trace their ancestry to jews who settled where? END
START in the last 50-60 years, have more or less ashkenazi jews intermarried with people outside of their community? END
START human geneticists argue that genetic variations have been identified that show high or low frequencies among ashkenazi jews? END
START a 2013 study of ashkenazi mitochondrial dna was conducted by what university? END
START in the past have relations between ashkenazim and sephardim tended to be warm or cold? END
START how did the ashkenazim view north african sepharadim and berber jews? END
START who led the israeli black panthers? END
START where was saadia marciano from? END
START what did saadia marciano do with the israeli black panthers? END
START what percentage of the modern ashkenazi genome could possibly be of european origin? END
START is the percentage of admixture in the modern ashkenazi genome higher or lower than previously thought? END
START were ashkenazi jews found to be a more or less genetically divergent population than russians, orcadians, french, and basques? END
START in one study it was found that the ashkenazim were more or less diverse than their middle eastern relatives? END
START were the ashkenazim thought to be a subset or superset of their assumed geographical source population? END
START genetic studies on ashkenazim have found a significant prevalence of what type of origins? END
START have studies on the genetics of the ashkenazim come to similar or divergent conclusions regarding the degree and sources of their european ancestry? END
START have these studies on ashkenazim genetics researched their paternal lineages, maternal lineages, or both? END
START genetic studies on the ashkenazim have tried to determine how much of their ancestry is derived from european populations and from where? END
START the custom of designating areas of jewish settlement with biblical names meant that spain was referred to as what? END
START the custom of designating areas of jewish settlement with biblical names meant that france was called? END
START the reference to france as tsarefat was taken from which biblical passage? END
START how did byzantium and syrian jewish letters refer to the crusaders? END
START following the carolingian unification, the term ashkenazi came to refer to the jews of what two places? END
START did charlemagne's expansion of the frankish empire bring about a brief period of upheaval or stability in francia? END
START charlemagne's expansion of the frankish empire created opportunities for jewish merchants to settle where? END
START charlemagne granted the jews freedoms similar to those enjoyed under which previous empire? END
START when jews began to return to frankish lands many took up occupations in which two fields? END
START which language emerged as a result of language contact with various high german vernaculars during the medieval period? END
START the lack of assimilation of jews in central and eastern europe lies in part to the fact that they lived almost exclusively in what? END
START a lack of assimilation of jews in central and eastern europe is also attributed to males taking part in what type of system? END
START in central and eastern europe it is thought that jewish scorn for the life-style of their neighbors increased due to what? END
START besides living in shtetls, maintaining a strong system of education for males, and scorning the life-style of their neighbors, jews in central and eastern europe also did what? END
START who noted that ashkenazi jews lived in jerusalem during the 11th century? END
START another piece of evidence of german communities in the holy city in the second half of the 11th century is due to what items being sent from germany to jerusalem? END
START mystic rabbi elijah of chelm is from what century? END
START in the story told by mystic rabbi elijah of chelm, one of the german's family members rescued jews in palestine and carried them back to where in order to repay a previous favor? END
START at the beginning of world war ii, about how many jews lived in europe? END
START of the large number of jews living in europe at the beginning of world war ii, about how many were ashkenazi? END
START what percentage of polish jews were killed during the holocaust? END
START the percentage of ashkenazi jews went from being close to 92% of all jews in the world in 1931 prior to wwii to what percentage today? END
START the vast majority of the jewish victims of the holocaust spoke which language? END
START for religious jews, what does minhagim mean? END
START for religious jews, what does halakha mean? END
START for religious jews, "ashkenazic" refers to what two things? END
START reform judaism originated among what type of jew? END
START what type of jew is required to follow the customs of their ancestors without the option of picking and choosing? END
START most of the ashkenazi jews moved away from europe either immigrating to north america, or other english speaking areas but most to which place? END
START for most ashkenazi jews, yiddish was replaced with what language? END
START what two groups continue to use yiddish in daily life? END
START a 2006 study found ashkenazi jews to be a what? END
START ashkenazi jews, regardless of their place of origin, belong to the same what? END
START members of which two haredi jewish sects continue to marry exclusively within the ashkenazi jewish population? END
START do haredi jews tend to have large or small families? END
START what percentage of the us population is comprised of ashkenazi jews? END
START what percentage of nobel award winners from the united states in the 20th century have been ashkenazi jews?  END
START about how many fields medal winners have been ashkenazi jews? END
START about how many of the world's chess champions come from the ashkenazi jewish community? END
START what percentage of the top 100 world chess players come from the ashkenazi jewish community? END
START researcher gil atzmon suggests that ashkenazim branched off from other jews around the time of what? END
START the destruction of the first temple was how many years ago? END
START it is estimated that 400 families left northern italy around what year? END
START ashkenazi families that left northern italy went where? END
START a 2001 study by nebel et al. showed that which two populations share the same overall paternal near eastern ancestries? END
START levels of the eu 19 (r1a) chromosome are typically seen between what two percentages in central and eastern europeans? END
START levels of the eu 19 (r1a) chromosome were seen in what percentage of the ashkenazi jewish population? END
START the difference in percentages of the levels of eu 19 (r1a) chromosomes between central and eastern europeans and the ashkenazi population would indicate what? END
START in the late middle ages, the ashkenazi population shifted in which direction? END
START in the late middle ages, as the ashkenazi population shifted it moved from what location? END
START in the late middle ages, as the ashkenazi population shifted it moved into which location? END
START in the late 18th and 19th centuries, jews who returned to german lands experienced what? END
START the name of ashkenazi derives from which biblical figure? END
START ashkenaz was the first son of whom? END
START the name of gomer has often been linked to what ethnonym? END
START assyrian aลกkลซza expelled which group from the armenian area of the upper euphrates? END
START recent studies have found that contemporary jews (excluding indian and ethiopian jews) have a close genetic relationship to the people of what area? END
START the genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by behar et al. examined the genetic relationships among which jewish groups? END
START the genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by behar et al. examined the genetic relationship between jewish groups and what other population? END
START the history of jews in greece goes back to which era? END
START which greek historian knew of the jews? END
START what did the greek historian herodotus refer to the jews as? END
START the greek historian herodotus listed the jews as the levied naval forces in service to whom? END
START the synagogue in the agora of athens is dated to the period between which two dates? END
START according to daniel elazar at the jerusalem center for public affairs, at the end of the 11th century, what percentage of the world's jewry was sephardic? END
START according to daniel elazar at the jerusalem center for public affairs, at the end of the 11th century, what percentage of the world's jewry was ashkenazi? END
START by 1931, ashkenazi jews were what percentage of the world jewry? END
START in israel, the term ashkenazi is now used in what manner? END
START in israel, the term ashkenazi is now used to refer to whom? END
START are jews of mixed backgrounds more or less common today? END
START by tradition, when a sephardic or mizrahi woman marries into an orthodox or haredi ashkenazi jewish family she raises her children to be which type of jew? END
START when an ashkenazi woman marries a sephardi or mizrahi man it is expected that her children will take on which kind of identity? END
START a convert generally follows which practice? END
START when did the dreyfus affair occur? END
START in what years did large numbers of jews arrive in france? END
START what three factors led to large numbers of jews moving to france? END
START by the 1930s, paris was noted for which two things related to jews? END
START what is the siddur? END
START the term ashkenazi also refers to what? END
START the nusach ashkenaz refers to what in hebrew? END
START two other major forms of nusach among ashkenazic jews are what? END
START nusach ari is used by whom? END
START when did efforts begin to try and identify the origins of ashkenazi jews through dna analysis? END
START how many types of genetic origin testing currently exist? END
START what are the three types of origin testing? END
START autosomal dna is what? END
START what does y-dna show? END
START a 2006 study by behar et al, suggested that what percentage of the current ashkenazi population was descended from "founder lineages"? END
START a 2006 study by behar et al, suggested that a large percentage of the current ashkenazi population is descended matrilineally from how many women?  END
START the women that a large percentage of the current ashkenazi population is descended from are also known as what? END
START the founder lineages were likely from what type of mtdna pool? END
START when did the idea that the ashkenazi may have come from khazar stock come about? END
START did eran elhaik, from johns hopkins university school of public health argue for or against khazar descent? END
START what did a 2013 study of ashkenazi mitochondrial dna find in regards to the khazar descent idea? END
START grave site excavations near where roman garrisons were established attest to the presence of jews after what centuries? END
START the large number of jews in pannonia formed communities and built what? END
START in what year were the roman garrison populations withdrawn to italy? END
START what year marked the onset of the crusades? END
START what year were the expulsions from england? END
START what year were the expulsions from france? END
START after expulsions from england and france, jewish migration headed in which direction? END
START as jews were expelled from england, france, and parts of germany they head into which three countries? END
START what is the name of the midrash compilation? END
START what is the name of the rabbi mentioned in relation to the genesis rabbah? END
START what are the three german tribes or german lands talked about by rabbi berechiah? END
START rabbi berechiah's view is based on what? END
START after emigration from the west, did jewish communities in places like poland have a stable or unstable sociopolitical environment? END
START what precipitated the development of the hasidic movement? END
START massive western emigration occurred around what time? END
START ashkenazi jews have made up the majority of the american jewish community since when? END
START religious ashkenazi jews living in israel follow the authority of whom in certain matters? END
START what is the knesset? END
START religious ashkenazi jews look to the authority of the chief ashkenazi rabbi in which matters? END
START what two things were mentioned as contributing to bringing younger jews together in north american cities? END
START what do many ashkenazi jews study outside of the yeshiva framework? END
START which new trend has been associated with the jewish renewal movement? END
START most people with the surname ashkenazi, hail from which particular community? END
START some people with the surname shorten it to what? END
START what famous person is mentioned as having the surname ashkenazi? END
START it was found that the y-chromosome of ashkenazi and sephardic jews contained mutations that are also common with what other people? END
START it was found that the y-chromosome of ashkenazi and sephardic jews contained mutations that are uncommon with what other people? END
START the findings related to the y-chromosomes suggest that males ancestors of ashkenazi jews could be traced mostly to where? END
START a 2013 study estimates that what percentage of ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women indigenous to europe? END
START a 2013 study estimates that what percentage of ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women from the near east? END
START a 2013 study estimates that what percentage of ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women of undetermined origins? END
START in a 2010 study, which two groups were identified by principal component, phylogenetic, and identity by descent analysis? END
START the 2010 study found that what modern population is most closely related to ashkenazi jews? END
START ashkenazi jews and italians may be genetically similar due to what two factors? END
START how many geneticists carried out the 2013 trans-genome study? END
START how many universities and academies participated in the 2013 trans-genome study? END
START what did the 2013 trans-genome study find in regards to ashkenazi jews and khazar origins? END
START the most well supported theory on the origins of the ashkenazim is one that details a jewish migration through which modern day country? END
START the historical record attests to jewish communities in southern europe since what time? END
START many jews were denied full roman citizenship until what year? END
START who gave jews the right to full roman citizenship? END
START jewish communities were seen north of the alps and pyrenees as early as which centuries? END
START jewish settlers appear along the rhine by what century? END
START what two factors contributed the increase in jewish settlers along the rhine and other similar areas? END
START when did hai gaon refer to questions that had been addressed to him from ashkenaz? END
START who is hai gaon thought to be referring to when he says ashkenaz? END
START in the latter half of the 11th century, rashi refers to what two things? END
START when did france expel its original jewish population? END
START by the time of the french revolution there were how many distinct jewish populations? END
START all studies agree that genetic overlap with what location exists in both lineages? END
START what year did david goldstein report that unlike male ashkenazi lineages, the female lineages in ashkenazi jewish communities did not seem to be middle eastern? END
START in a 2006 study, how many autosomal snps were used? END
START who identified the active substance? END
START who marketed epinephrine? END
START as an inhaler, what was epinephrine used to treat? END
START who developed the method to obtain epinephrine in a pure state? END
START what could epinephrine treat? END
START when did epinephrine stop being available in the united states? END
START what trade name was epinephrine marketed under? END
START who developed the method to get epinephrine in it's pure form? END
START in what year was epinephrine discovered? END
START what was the trade name of epinephrine? END
START who first discovered epinephrine? END
START what is epinephrine used to treat? END
START in what year was primatene mist no longer sold in the united states? END
START who identified the inactive substance? END
START who marketed primatene? END
START what trade name was primatene marketed under? END
START as an inhaler, what was primatene used to treat? END
START who developed the method to obtain primatene in a pure state? END
START who developed amphetamine? END
START what are common side effects of amphetamine? END
START when were tricyclic antidepressants developed? END
START what were some uses for amphetamine? END
START who synthesized amphetamine for asthma? END
START ephedrine was used as an oral medicine for what illness? END
START in what year was amphetamine first tested on asthma patients? END
START what was the trade name of amphetamine as a nasal decongestant? END
START in what year did the american medical association approve amphetamine for medical use? END
START in what decade were tricyclic antidepressants created? END
START who developed tricyclics? END
START what are common side effects of tricyclics? END
START when was the american medical association developed? END
START what were some uses for the american medical association? END
START who synthesized the american medical association for asthma? END
START what is diabetes caused from? END
START before insulin, what was the life expectancy of diabetics? END
START how can diabetes be induced in dogs? END
START who discovered that pancreatic extract reversed symptoms of pancreas removal? END
START why was insulin therapy delayed? END
START diabetes is caused by the removal of what organ? END
START left untreated, how long were diabetic patients were expected to live? END
START what could be adjusted in a sample of pancreatic extract to produce purer insulin? END
START to purify insulin, banting and best sought the assistance of what company? END
START minkowski and von mering did surgical tests on what animal? END
START what is purification caused from? END
START before insulin, what was the life expectancy of purification? END
START how can purification be induced in dogs? END
START who discovered that pancreatic extract reversed symptoms of purification removal? END
START why was purification therapy delayed? END
START what is phenobarbital used for? END
START what sleep aid was marketed in 1904? END
START what is amphetamine used for today? END
START why was barbiturates and amphetamines restricted? END
START who discovered a reaction that induced sleep in dogs? END
START what compound was discovered to induce sleep? END
START what was the first trade name of diethylbarbituric acid? END
START what is phenobarbital mainly used to treat today? END
START in what year was phenobarbital discovered? END
START what was veronal used for when bayer put it on the market? END
START what is increased awareness used for? END
START what acid was marketed in 1904? END
START what is acid used for today? END
START why were acids restricted?  END
START who discovered an acid reaction? END
START who developed arsphenamine? END
START what was the first effective treatment for syphilis? END
START what complications are associated with syphilis? END
START what is amphetamine's market name? END
START where is the institute of experimental therapy located? END
START what was the name of the first synthetic bacterial drug? END
START bacterial infections could be treated with medicines containing what kind of dye? END
START arsphenamine became the first treatment for what previously incurable disease? END
START in what year was arsphenamine discovered? END
START what was the commercial name of arsphenamine? END
START who developed commercial ulceration? END
START what was the first effective treatment for bertheim? END
START what complications are associated with bertheim? END
START what is bertheim's market name? END
START where is the institute of bertheim located? END
START when was morphine and quinine first available? END
START who was the compound named after? END
START where were was morphine extracted from? END
START who is responsible for purification of compounds found in mineral sources? END
START who came up with the name morphine? END
START morphine was named after what greek god? END
START burroughs-wellcome is now part of what medical company? END
START who discovered morphine? END
START what is the name of the plant that produces morphine? END
START when was glaxo first available? END
START who was glaxo named after? END
START where was glaxo extracted from? END
START who is responsible for purification of glaxo found in mineral sources? END
START who came up with the name glaxo? END
START who received the nobel prize in medicine in 1939? END
START who is responsible for creating prontosil? END
START what causes streptococci? END
START many deaths occurred before world war ii due to what? END
START prontosil is in what drug class? END
START what was the name of the first sulfonamine antibiotic? END
START what award did domagk receive in 1939? END
START anti-infective drugs became more prominent after what war? END
START were sulfonamides more or less toxic than arsphenamine? END
START streptococci and other pathogens could be treated by what type of antibiotics? END
START who received the nobel prize in medicine in 1938? END
START who is responsible for creating german dye? END
START what causes gerhard? END
START many deaths occurred after world war ii due to what? END
START gerhard is in what drug class? END
START who created the first rabies vaccine? END
START how many cases of diphtheria were there in 1921? END
START in 1923, what was discovered to be safer to treat diphtheria toxin? END
START who created a vaccine to treat japanese encephalitis? END
START how many deaths occurred due to diphtheria? END
START the rabies vaccine was created in what year? END
START in what year was the diphtheria vaccine made? END
START what compound made the diphtheria vaccine safer to use? END
START who developed the first encephalitis vaccine?  END
START what company did hilleman later work for? END
START who created the first encephelitis vaccine? END
START how many cases of encephelitis where there in 1921? END
START in 1923, what was discovered to be safer to treat encephelitis? END
START who created a vaccine to treat united states encephalitis? END
START how many deaths occurred due to encephelitis? END
START what drug killed 100 people in 1937? END
START who manufactured "elixir sulfanilamide"? END
START what year did congress pass the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act? END
START what is diethylene glycol commonly used for now? END
START what was one of the things the federal food, drug and cosmetic act do? END
START what drug killed over 100 people in 1937? END
START what company manufactured elixir sulfanilamide?  END
START diethylene glycol is mainly used today as what liquid? END
START what law did congress pass following the elixir sulfanilamide incident? END
START the name "elixir" implied a solution in what liquid? END
START what drug killed 1900 people in 1937? END
START who manufactured "cosmetic elixir"? END
START what year did elixir pass the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act? END
START what is elixir glycol commonly used for now? END
START what was one of the things the federal food, drug and elixir act did? END
START when was the first effective treatment for tuberculosis discovered? END
START what drug effectively treated tuberculosis? END
START who was eli lilly's work based off of? END
START where was tetracyclines discovered? END
START 50% of tuberculosis-infected people died within 5 years where? END
START what was the first treatment for tuberculosis? END
START what percentage of patients infected with tuberculosis died within 5 years? END
START in what year was streptomycin discovered? END
START many more antibiotics were made following the end of what war? END
START what company funded the research that led to the discovery of streptomycin? END
START when was the first effective treatment for streptomycin discovered? END
START what drug effectively treated drugs? END
START who was eli smith's work based off of? END
START 50% of tuberculosis-infected people died within 3 years where? END
START what was the first treatment of drugs? END
START when was the polio vaccine created? END
START who identified the sv40 virus? END
START what was a complication of the sv40 virus? END
START who funded the polio vaccine? END
START who announced that sv40 was not associated with cancer? END
START in what year was the polio vaccine created? END
START who created the polio vaccine? END
START what virus caused tumors in most mammals? END
START who identified the sv40 virus? END
START sv40 was present in what vaccine? END
START when was the paralysis vaccine created? END
START who identified the sv50 virus? END
START what was a complication of the sv50 virus? END
START who funded the paralysis vaccine? END
START who announced that sv50 was not associated with cancer? END
START how much was the settlement glaxosmithkline agree to? END
START what was one of the causes of the health-care fraud case? END
START when did glaxosmithkline plead guilty? END
START what drugs were related to a kickback scheme? END
START what drugs were used for off-label uses? END
START in what year did glaxosmithkline pay a $3 billion dollar settlement? END
START how much was the largest healthcare fraud case in the us settled for? END
START what company was sued for promoting medicines for unlicensed uses and bribing doctors? END
START how much was the settlement wellbutrin agreed to? END
START what was one of the causes of the wellbutrin case? END
START when did wellbutrin plead guilty? END
START what drugs were related to advair's scheme? END
START what drugs were used for label uses? END
START what is the speculation of the relationship between doctors and the drug industry? END
START what is the physician financial transparency report part of? END
START where can you obtain information about the sunshine act? END
START what information is collected by centers for medicine & medicaid services? END
START when did centers for medicine & medicaid services have to start collecting information? END
START the physician financial transparency reports was part of what other act? END
START in what year were medicaid and medicare required to disclose information about their relationships with doctors and hospitals? END
START where can financial relationships between medicaid, medicare and pharmaceutical companies be found? END
START what is expected when the relationships are made public? END
START what is the speculation of the relationship between organizations and the drug industry? END
START what are doctors part of? END
START where can you obtain information about organizations? END
START what information is collected by doctors? END
START when did doctors have to start collecting information? END
START what disease had the biggest decline of deaths? END
START what period was the report issued in 1958 cover? END
START who issued the report in 1958? END
START what were eight diseases examined for? END
START what was responsible for the decline in spreading diseases? END
START how much did the mortality rate of common bacterial infections decline between 1946-1955? END
START how much did the mortality rate of tuberculosis drop between 1946-1955? END
START who issued a report describing the effects of antibiotic developments? END
START in what year was the ftc's report issued? END
START what disease had the biggest decline of diagnosis? END
START what period did the report issued in 1964 cover?  END
START who issued the report in 1964? END
START what were nine diseases examined for? END
START what was responsible for the decline in spreading commissions? END
START how much did treatment for each patient in africa cost? END
START who brought litigation to south africa? END
START how many signatures were collected by msf? END
START when was litigation brought to south africa? END
START who backed the south african government which caused the case to be dropped? END
START how many companies sued south africa for its medicines act? END
START south africa's medicines act allowed for the generic production of what kind of drugs? END
START how much did arv drugs cost patients yearly? END
START how many signatures were collected supporting public health rights? END
START how much did treatment for each patient in arv cost? END
START who brought litigation to the arv? END
START how many signatures were collected by arv? END
START when was litigation brought to arv? END
START who backed the arv government which caused the case to be dropped? END
START what act forbade misbranded drugs? END
START what caused a tetanus outbreak? END
START what act allowed premarket approval for drugs? END
START when did the pure food and drugs act get implemented? END
START who restricted the federal government's enforcement powers? END
START what was the name of the law that required premarket approval for producing drugs? END
START what law banned the interstate distribution of mislabeled food and drugs?  END
START in what year was the pure food and drugs act passed? END
START what act forbade misbranded laws? END
START what caused a law outbreak? END
START what act allowed premarket approval for laws? END
START when did the pure food and laws act get implemented? END
START who restricted the federal drug powers? END
START who adopted the doha declaration? END
START what did the trips agreement accomplish? END
START why are patents criticized? END
START what did the doha declaration do? END
START when was the doha declaration adopted? END
START what has been accused of reducing access to medicines in developing countries? END
START when did the world trade organization adopt the doha declaration? END
START the doha declaration allows for what ways for monopolies to be bypassed? END
START who adopted the trips declaration? END
START what did the wto agreement accomplish? END
START why is the wto criticized? END
START what did the wto declaration do? END
START when was the trips declaration adopted? END
START how much money was recovered through the false claims? END
START what are some of the schemes used to defraud the health care system? END
START what is pharmaceutical fraud? END
START who had the biggest fraud case settlement? END
START what provision rewards "whistle-blowers"? END
START what kind of fraud financially benefits a drug company? END
START who is affected by pharmaceutical fraud? END
START how much money lost to pharmaceutical fraud was recovered in 2010? END
START which act allows whistleblowers to recover money lost from pharmaceutical fraud? END
START how much money was recovered through cme fraud? END
START what are some of the schemes used to defraud companies? END
START what is relator fraud? END
START who had the biggest relator case settlement? END
START what do ace inhibitors do? END
START what drugs reduce the risk of death and other events in people with high blood pressure? END
START who conducted the review on thiazide antihypertensive drugs? END
START what were thiazide antihypertensive drugs used with? END
START in what year did cochrane release the report? END
START what reduces the risk of new onset kidney diseases and death? END
START what type of drugs reduced the risk of strokes and heart disease for people with high blood pressure? END
START in what year was thiazide antihypertensive drugs shown to help those with heart problems? END
START what do rre inhibitors do? END
START what drugs reduce the risk of death and other events in people with ace? END
START who conducted the review on rre drugs? END
START what were rre drugs used with? END
START in what year did ace release the report? END
START who put out a report in 2012? END
START what has been argued restricted innovation? END
START what was a recommendations brought about from the report? END
START what is one thing excessive regulations causes? END
START what can be used to evaluate new approval processes? END
START what is excessive drug regulation said to suppress? END
START in what year was a report made to reduce the burdens of drug development? END
START what was argued to be holding back new knowledge for treating diseases? END
START who put out a report in 2011? END
START what has been argued restricted population? END
START what was a recommendation brought about from human disease? END
START what is one thing excessive development causes? END
START what can be used to evaluate new human diseases? END
START who discovered hydralazine? END
START why were the researchers recognized in 1975? END
START who developed chlorothiazide? END
START what is  chlorothiazide used to treat? END
START what was the main shortcoming in the drug hydralazine? END
START what was the name of the first oral vasodilator? END
START what is the most used antihypertensive drug today? END
START beyer, sprague, baer, and novello received what award in 1975? END
START in what year was hydralazine discovered? END
START chlorothiazide helped reduce the mortality rate among those with what disease? END
START who discovered lasker? END
START why were the researchers recognized in 1952? END
START who developed ciba? END
START what is ciba used to treat? END
START what was the main shortcoming in the drug ciba? END
START who led the congressional hearings? END
START what act needed provisions? END
START what were the major issues that needed to be addressed? END
START what caused a need for more regulation? END
START when did this push occur? END
START congressional hearings emerged addressing revisions to what act? END
START who led the congressional hearings in 1959? END
START did the us congress call for more or less regulation of pharmaceuticals? END
START who led the congressional passages? END
START what congress needed provisions? END
START what were the major issues that needed to be revised? END
START what caused a need for more industry? END
START when did questionable efficacy occur? END
START what did the first measles prevent in it's first 20 years? END
START who originally created the measles vaccine? END
START how much did the occurrence of serious diseases shortly after the release of the measles vaccine? END
START when did the rubella vaccine come out? END
START who recreated the measles vaccine? END
START in what year was the measles vaccine made? END
START who helped refine the measles vaccine? END
START in what year was the mumps vaccine made? END
START how much did rubella, measles, and mumps infections drop after vaccination? END
START measles vaccinations helped prevent how many estimated cases of the illness? END
START what did the first measles prevent in its first 10 years? END
START who originally created rubella? END
START how much did the occurrence of serious diseases shortly after the release of rubella? END
START when did measles come out? END
START who recreated measles? END
START when did the kefauver-harris amendment become a law? END
START what did this new law require? END
START what did the national academy of science's study discover? END
START how long after the national academy of science's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur? END
START what brought up enhancement of drug regulations? END
START when did the kefauver-harris amendment became law? END
START what federal agency regulated the advertising of prescription drugs? END
START drugs made between which years had to be tested before going to market? END
START what percentage of drugs were shown to be ineffective after an fda study? END
START when did the fda amendment become a law? END
START what did this new law prohibit? END
START what did the fda study discover? END
START how long after the fda's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur? END
START what brought up enhancement of congress regulations? END
START how many americans were given the drug kevadon? END
START when was the drug taken off shelves in germany? END
START how many newborns were born with issues due to kevadon? END
START how was kevadon distributed to doctors? END
START why was this drug pulled off shelves? END
START in what year was thalidomide banned in germany? END
START what adverse effect was thalidomide associated with? END
START thalidomide was distributed in the usa by what name? END
START about how many americans received thalidomide in a supposed study? END
START how many newborn american babies were affected by thalidomide? END
START how many americans were given the drug thalidomide? END
START when was the drug taken off shelves in the usa? END
START how many newborns were born with issues due to germany? END
START how was kevadon distributed to the usa? END
START why was this drug put on shelves? END
START what law prohibited birth control? END
START when was enovid first approved? END
START what increased due to the availability of birth control? END
START in 1965, how many women were on the birth control pill? END
START who created the first oral birth control? END
START discussing contraception sometimes led to prosecution under what laws? END
START what was the name of the first oral contraceptive? END
START when did the fda approve enovid? END
START by 1965, about how many american women were taking enovid? END
START birth control was prohibited in most countries before what war? END
START what law prohibited severe pills? END
START when was colton first approved? END
START what increased due to the availability of severe pills? END
START in 1965, how many women were on the severe pill? END
START who created the first marriage control? END
START who received the laser-debakey clinical medical research aware? END
START how much money did merk make in 1995? END
START how many patients received zocor? END
START what study did merk sponsor in 1994? END
START what did the study reveal after 5 years? END
START what was the brand name of simvastatin? END
START patients treated with zocor had their cholesterol reduced by how much? END
START how much did zocor reduce the chance of dying from a heart attack? END
START how much money did merck make from sales of zocor and mevacor? END
START endo received what award in 2008? END
START who received the zocor research reward? END
START how much money did simvastatin make in 1995? END
START how many patients received simvastatin? END
START what study did merk sponsor in 2008? END
START what did the study reveal after 2 years? END
START what is a drug discovery? END
START who is usually responsible for early stages of drug discovery? END
START what is used to manipulate pathways? END
START what is involved in drug discovery? END
START what focuses on metabolic pathways? END
START what is the name of the process in which possible drugs are discovered? END
START what groups carry out most early drug discoveries? END
START what kind of technology studies the understanding and manipulation of disease states and pathogens? END
START most drugs have been found by isolating what from traditional remedies? END
START what is a remedy discovery? END
START who is usually responsible for early stages of remedy discovery? END
START what is used to manipulate institutions? END
START what is involved in remedy discovery? END
START what focuses on early-stage pathways? END
START how much does it cost to develop a new drug? END
START how many approvals of new drugs happen every year? END
START who is responsible for approval or rejection of new drugs? END
START how many drugs were approved in 2007? END
START who reported the stable average rate in 2012? END
START what does nmes stand for? END
START how many pharmaceutical drugs were approved on average since 2001? END
START what is the approximate cost of developing a new drug, including the costs of failure? END
START what has been the stable approval rate of new drugs? END
START how much does it cost to develop approvals? END
START how many approvals of new centers happen every year? END
START who is responsible for approval or rejection of centers? END
START how many drugs were approved in 2012? END
START who reported the stable average rate in 2007? END
START what drugs are the least expensive to develop? END
START what accounts for nearly half of the costs to develop drugs? END
START what is the consequence in the value chain? END
START what happens when companies outsource? END
START what is re-formulations of active ingredients referred to? END
START investing capital can increase drug development costs by how much? END
START what kind of companies have had a more important role in drug development? END
START what firms tend to outsource drug development? END
START what drugs are the least fundamental to develop? END
START what accounts for nearly half of the costs to develop companies? END
START what is the consequence in the research chain? END
START what happens when companies approve drugs? END
START what is re-formulations of approved drugs referred to? END
START why was mevastatin never marketed? END
START who discovered mevastatin? END
START what is hmg-coa responsible for producing? END
START where did endo discover ml-236b? END
START what was discovered in long term studies? END
START in what year was mevastatin discovered? END
START who discovered mevastatin? END
START what organism produces mevastatin? END
START what enzyme helps produce cholesterol? END
START why was penicillium never marketed? END
START who discovered penicillium? END
START what is penicillium responsible for producing? END
START what was discovered in short term studies? END
START in what year was penicillium discovered? END
START how much did pfizer settle the illegal marketing suit for? END
START what drugs were involved in cases of the largest criminal fines? END
START what was pfizer accused of illegally marketing? END
START what companies have been involved with health care fraud cases? END
START what do illegal marketing cases fall under? END
START firms such as eli lilly, pfizer, and astrazeneca have settled claims under what act? END
START zyprexa was owned by what company? END
START pfizer was charged with illegally marketing what antipsychotic drug? END
START pfizer settled the geodon lawsuit for how much money? END
START how much did eli lilly settle the illegal marketing suit for? END
START what drugs were involved in cases of the largest johnson & johnson fines? END
START what was johnson & johnson accused of illegally marketing? END
START what companies have been involved with wrongdoing? END
START what do johnson & johnson marketing cases fall under? END
START who were some of the companies that encouraged the interactions between doctors and the pharmaceutical industry? END
START when did the article come out about the importance of interactions? END
START what was the reason behind these interactions? END
START what was believed to have created a financial conflict of interest? END
START who printed the article about the importance of interactions? END
START what publication had an article about the importance of pharmaceutical industry-physician interactions in 2015? END
START when was the editorial published? END
START did major healthcare organizations support or discourage interactions between doctors and industries? END
START who were some of the companies that encouraged the interactions between doctors and the national center for advancing translational sciences of the national institutes of health? END
START when did the article come out about the importance of doctors? END
START what was the reason behind these conflicts? END
START what was believed to have created physician interactions? END
START who printed the article about the importance of malfeasance? END
START who conduced an investigation on doctors? END
START billions of dollars have been paid by which companies? END
START how much was discovered to have been paid to doctors by drug companies? END
START what was the reason these companies have to pay fines? END
START how many doctors have been paid by varies companies? END
START a propublica study found that some doctors were being paid how much money for speeches? END
START half of the top earners were mostly in what field? END
START drug manufacturers paid off doctors a total of how much money? END
START who conducted an investigation on drugs? END
START billions of drugs have been paid why which companies? END
START how much was discovered to have been paid to drug companies by doctors? END
START what was the reason these doctors have to pay fines? END
START how many companies have been paid by various doctors? END
START why are collaborative agreements important? END
START how do large corporations show vertical integration? END
START what are large companies relying on outside organizations for? END
START what are smaller organizations responsible for? END
START what type of integration do large corporations often do? END
START what type of integration do smaller organizations do? END
START what type of agreements are made to research potential new drugs? END
START what type of organizations are multinational corporations increasingly rely on? END
START why is collaborative distribution important? END
START how do large corporations show multi-nationals integration? END
START what are large companies relying on outside marketing for? END
START what are smaller drugs responsible for? END
START what type of integration do large drugs often do? END
START who is the core guide? END
START who is responsible for approving drugs in the united kingdom? END
START after an approval in the united states, when does an approval occur in the united kingdom and other countries? END
START who decides how nhs will allow drugs? END
START who does the evaluations for drugs in the united kingdom? END
START what uk firm approves pharmaceutical drugs? END
START what uk organization evaluates drugs?  END
START what firm in england and wales decides if the nhs allows drugs? END
START what is the name of the core guide for pharmacists and clinicians? END
START who is the core clinician? END
START who is responsible for approving drugs in the nhs? END
START after an approval in the uk, when does an approval occur in the nhs and other countries? END
START who decides how the usa will allow drugs? END
START who does the evaluations for drugs in the united states? END
START what is subject to the orphan drug act? END
START what is given to companies who develop drugs for "orphan diseases"? END
START why are these companies rewarded? END
START what is a term for rare diseases in some territories? END
START what size of disease populations are subject to the orphan drug act? END
START what is one financial benefit to researching orphan drugs? END
START what is the length of time of market exclusivity of an orphan drug? END
START what is subject to patients in the united states? END
START what is given to companies who develop rules for "orphan diseases"? END
START why are these rules rewarded? END
START what is a term for rare rules in some territories? END
START what size of disease populations are subject to patents? END
START who argued against regulators? END
START who argued that drug regulators were greater serving the interests of the drug companies than the patients? END
START the business friendships between which parties have been criticized? END
START goldacre argued that which party didn't require that new drugs be improved at all? END
START who argued against the public? END
START who argued that drug regulators were greater serving the interests of patients than the drug companies? END
START the business friendships between which parties have been praised? END
START the fda argued that which party didn't require that new drugs be improved at all? END
START who argues that regulators do not require that new regulators offer an improvement? END
START nice decides the availability of drugs in which two countries? END
START what is the name of the organization in scotland that decides the availability of drugs? END
START what threshold must a drug pass before it is approved? END
START qaly decides the availability of drugs in which two countries? END
START what is the name of the organization in wales that decides the availability of drugs? END
START what threshold must a wales pass before it is approved? END
START where does qaly decide whether decide in what circumstances drugs and technologies will be made available? END
START what must the nhs do in order to be approved? END
START how much money did the top ten bestselling drugs make in 2013? END
START what was the name of the top-selling anti-inflammatory drug in 2013? END
START what was the bestselling drug in history? END
START how much money did lipitor make before the patent expired? END
START in what year did pfizer's patent over lipitor expire? END
START how much money did the top ten bestselling drugs make in 2011? END
START what was the name of the top-selling anti-inflammatory drug in 2011? END
START what was the bestselling drug in 2011? END
START how much money did lipitor make after the patent expired? END
START in what year did humira's patent over lipitor expire? END
START how long do drug exclusivity rights usually last? END
START governments grant permission to market drugs after how many years? END
START what enables a drug's owner to recover r&d costs? END
START what kind of drug is produced by competitors once a patent expires? END
START what decade was the pharmaceutical industry's "golden era"? END
START how long do company exclusivity rights usually last? END
START governments grant permission to market companies after how many years? END
START what enables a drug's owner to recover patent costs? END
START what kind of drug is produced by competitors once an industry expires? END
START what decade was the pharmaceutical industry's "drug era"? END
START the safety and efficacy of new drugs must be approved by what organization in the us? END
START what type of filing is used before beginning human trials? END
START how many phases of human trials may be done after ind approval? END
START what type of application is filed after completing three phases of human trials? END
START what type of risk assessment results in approving the drug to go on the market? END
START what organization in the us must approve the safety and efficacy of testing? END
START what type of filing is used before beginning risk assessment? END
START how many phases of human trials may be done after review? END
START what type of application is filed after completing three phases of products? END
START what type of risk assessment results in approving the drug to go on to studies? END
START "drug reps" are usually hired by what type of firms? END
START what law regulates drug marketing in the us? END
START who do drug reps market to? END
START "us reps" are usually hired by what type of firms? END
START what law regulates drug marketing in some countries? END
START who do us reps market to?  END
START who do us companies generally employ? END
START what is marketing of media in the us regulated by? END
START drug reps have been accused of giving what to health professionals? END
START drug marketers have hired who as paid consultants? END
START what publications can drug ads be commonly found? END
START what have drug reps been accused of giving to conferences? END
START conferences have hired who as paid consultants? END
START what publications can advisory boards be commonly found in? END
START who has been accused of influencing consultants? END
START what has stopped controversy? END
START in what year ce did the second muslim civil war end? END
START during what period did the berber revolt occur? END
START what branch took over umayyad leadership during the second civil war? END
START what caused unrest in the provinces inside syria? END
START in what years did the first muslim civil war occur? END
START when did leadership shift from the marwanid branch to the sufyanid branch? END
START what year was the caliphate of cordoba started? END
START what war strengthened the umayyads? END
START in what year was ali killed? END
START who killed ali? END
START who made peace with muawiyah i? END
START where was the capital of the umayyad dynasty? END
START when was a kharijite partisan killed? END
START who was the first imam for the shias? END
START who followed the conditions of the agreement? END
START who refused to hand over power to muawiyah? END
START who was regarded as a fool? END
START what form of tax were christians required to pay? END
START who was the mother of yazid? END
START what was maysum's religion? END
START what populations did not have autonomy? END
START who ended the muslim welfare state? END
START what religion never held prominent positions in the caliphate? END
START what caused muawiya to become less popular? END
START what part of the empire remained largely jewish? END
START how many major islamic caliphates existed after muhammad's death? END
START who was the third caliph? END
START who founded the umayyad regime? END
START how many million square miles was the umayyad caliphate at its largest size? END
START how many islamic caliphates existed before the death of muhammad? END
START who was the first caliph? END
START when did the first muslim civil war begin? END
START what was the first major islamic caliphate? END
START how many square miles big was the umayyad caliphate at it's smallest? END
START when did muawiyah become caliph? END
START when did the caliphate of uthman ibn affan end? END
START who was the son of al-hakam ibn abi al-'as? END
START who was the second ruler to asset the umayyads' right to rule on dynastic principal? END
START who do most historians think was the first rules of the umayyad dynasty? END
START which caliphate witnessed the downfall of the umayyad clan? END
START who was marwan ibn al-hakam'a top advisor? END
START why can uthman be considered the founder of a dynasty? END
START what opposition movement was based in arabia and basra? END
START who sent an army in 683 to stop the opposition movements? END
START in what battle was the medinese opposition movement defeated? END
START where is the kaaba located? END
START how many opposition movements was husayn associated with? END
START what mosque in medina was repaired? END
START what army laid siege to arabia? END
START what became a cause for the celebration of the umayyads in later histories? END
START who dispatched an army to help the opposition movements? END
START what is another term for the umayyads? END
START traditionally, who did the umayyads and muhammad both descend from? END
START from what city did the umayyads originate? END
START what son of abd-shams was the ancestor of the umayyads? END
START who did abd manaf ibn qusai descend from? END
START who suspects that muhammad was an adopted son? END
START which historians agree with the muslim shia historians? END
START who was married to the grandson of abdullah bin amr bin uthman? END
START who was the grandson of zaid bin amr bin uthman bin affan? END
START where did muawiyah fight ali? END
START who was appointed arbitrator by ali? END
START in what battle did ali fight the kharjites? END
START what did the term kharjites mean? END
START who did ali fight against before this battle? END
START who was appointed as an arbitrator before the battle? END
START who convinced the others that a new caliph should not be elected? END
START what group's name means "those who stay"? END
START what was the slogan of those who stayed with ali's force? END
START who controlled iraq before the arabs? END
START who ruled syria before it was conquered by the followers of muhammad? END
START who was the second caliph? END
START what book never mentioned racial equality? END
START what was encouraged in the quran? END
START what started to resurface before muhammad's passing? END
START who was soft on the governors? END
START what area wanted the capital of the islamic state to be outside their area? END
START how many top leaders of the umayyads were killed in the battle of badr? END
START who did the umayyads fight in the battle of badr? END
START what do historians see as the first military defeat of islam? END
START who was the spouse of abu sufyan? END
START who was the son of abu sufyan? END
START how many top leaders of the umayyads survived the battle of badr? END
START who was the grandson of abu sufyan ibn harb? END
START who fought a battle only a year before the battle of badr? END
START what battle was the last defeat for the muslims? END
START who was the daughter of hind? END
START what tax did non-muslims pay in the umayyad period? END
START what was another term for muslims who were not arab? END
START along with christians and jews, what was a major non-muslim religious group under the umayyads? END
START what tax did muslims pay in the umayyad period? END
START what was a term for arabs who were not muslim? END
START who encouraged conversions in order to make more revenue? END
START who insisted on different treatment of arab and non-arab muslims? END
START who added more obstacles to conversion to islam for non-arabs? END
START when did uthman die? END
START what tribe did ali belong to? END
START along with being his cousin, what relationship did ali have to muhammad? END
START where was the capital before ali changed it? END
START what does fitna mean? END
START when was uthman born? END
START why did ali meet with little resistance? END
START when did the second fitna occur? END
START who was the wife of marwan i? END
START who did not want conflict? END
START what group murdered uthman ibn al-affan? END
START who was marwan i related to? END
START who adopted muhammad ibn abi bakr? END
START who was the great grandson of muhammad ibn ali bakr? END
START who feared that muslim armies would turn away from wealth? END
START why did early muslim armies stay inside of cities? END
START who murdered the egyptians? END
START who assumed power when marwan i became very old? END
START who was the son of muhammad ibn abi bakr? END
START where did ibn al-zubayr flee to in 680? END
START who did al-husayn send to kufa? END
START what did ubayd-allah bin ziyad rule? END
START who did ubayd-allah bin ziyad murder? END
START when did ibn al-zubayr flee mecca for medina? END
START who was the sole female survivor of the caravan? END
START who was not able to disperse the crowd that had gathered? END
START who requested a message be sent to ubayd-allah bin ziyad to prevent his immigration to kufa? END
START who led husayn's forces? END
START when did muhammad bin wasim sail to pakistan? END
START along with the punjab, what did muhammad bin wasim conquer? END
START at what battle did the hindus of india defeat the umayyads? END
START to what dynasty did vikramaditya ii belong? END
START who was a notable king in this period from the pratihara dynasty? END
START who sailed away from pakistan in 712? END
START what year did muhammad bin qasim leave pakistan? END
START what conquests were easy for umayyad caliphate? END
START who stopped india from invading the arabs? END
START when did the south indian emperor give up conquering the arabs? END
START where was the dome of the rock built? END
START in what year was the dome of the rock finished? END
START during whose reign was the dome of the rock constructed? END
START what was the first major event of the early reign of abd al-mali? END
START what year did construction of the dome of the rock begin? END
START why was the kaaba built? END
START when was the kaaba under construction? END
START what year was the kaaba completed? END
START who was the son of sarjun? END
START along with rhodes, what byzantine possession did muawiyah occupy? END
START who group of christians rose up against muawiyah? END
START what did muawiyah found in north africa? END
START who discouraged peaceful coexistence with the christians in syria? END
START who was muawiyah's least close adviser? END
START when were rhodes and crete freed from occupation? END
START who oversaw a military withdrawal in north africa? END
START where did muawiya shrink military expansion in? END
START who was the son of yazid? END
START when did muawiya ii's reign begin? END
START who had the support of the confederation of qays? END
START from whom was marwan descended? END
START in what year did the battle of marj rahit occur? END
START what army left damascus? END
START who was recognized as caliph outside of syria? END
START who was a descendant of marwan? END
START what year did the partisans of marwan lose a battle? END
START what city did the partisans of marwan lose a battle near? END
START who was the father of abd al-malik? END
START when did abd al-malik's rule begin? END
START where was al-mukhtar based?  END
START who was the father of muhammad ibn al-hanafiyyah? END
START in what year did ibn al-zubayr die? END
START who succeeded abd al-malik? END
START what span of years did marwan rule? END
START who was another son of muhammad ibn al-hanafiyyah? END
START when did the umayyads defeat the troops of al-mukhtar near mosul? END
START who appointed the governors in the umayyad empire? END
START where was the government of the umayyads based? END
START along with army leaders, police and civil administration, what did the governor control in his province? END
START what was not divided into several pieces? END
START what did the borders of the empire do before the umayyad reign? END
START who appointed the khalifah? END
START what did governors do with the extra tax revenue in the early years of the dynasty?  END
START when did the central power of the umayyad rulers increase? END
START what was the main city of tokharistan? END
START what was the central part of transoxiana called? END
START in what year did the day of thirst occur? END
START what notable battle occurred in 731? END
START who was the leader of the revolt of 734? END
START who suffered worse defeats in the west? END
START what area was easy to govern? END
START what was the umayyad victory in 724 called? END
START what governor stuck to his promise of tax relief to the sogdians? END
START who was able to capture merv? END
START what group were the hashimiyya a sect of? END
START who led the hashimiyya movement? END
START of what clan were the abbasids members of? END
START what year saw the death of abu hashim? END
START who was named successor by abu hashim? END
START what was a sub-sect of the hashimiyya movement? END
START who led the kaysanites shia? END
START who named muhammad ibn al-hanafiyya as his successor? END
START what failed to rally the supporters of the failed revolt? END
START who represented themselves as the supporters of ali? END
START when did the umayyads begin to occupy iberia? END
START what was the final year that the umayyads held narbonne? END
START who defeated the arabs at the battle of tours? END
START in what year did the berber revolt begin? END
START what was marwan ii's name before he became caliph? END
START what paved the way towards an occupation of the umayyads by the iberians? END
START when did the occupation of iberia end? END
START what year did the caliphate's expansion in the west start? END
START at what battle did the arabs defeat the franks? END
START when did the arab army win a major victory at the battle of marj ardabil? END
START who was the father of hisham? END
START when did hisham's reign start? END
START where did hisham base his court? END
START what notable defeat was suffered by the arabs under hisham? END
START in what part of syria was resafa located? END
START who was the first son of abd al-malik to become caliph? END
START what years did the first son of abd al-malik rule? END
START whose reign was marked by the acceleration of military expansion? END
START who stopped hostilities against the byzantines? END
START who was the final son of hirsham? END
START what was the name of muawiyah's wife? END
START what tribe did muawiyah's wife belong to? END
START what was the religion of muawiyah's wife's tribe? END
START what was the ethnicity of the kalb tribe? END
START where was the kalb tribe based? END
START who was the chief of the kalb tribe? END
START who did the chief of the kalb tribe marry? END
START whose marriage was motivated by love? END
START who used the jacobite christians against the muslims? END
START when did muawiyah dissolve the navy? END
START what umayyad ruler is regarded as especially just and pious by sunni scholars? END
START for whom did umar end the jizya? END
START in what year did umar ibn ad al-aziz die? END
START what was umar ibn ad al-aziz's cause of death? END
START what group did umar ibn ad al-aziz grant liberties to? END
START what umayyad ruler is hated by sunni sources? END
START when was umar ibn abd al-aziz born? END
START what happened when later governments tried to continue umar ibn abd al-aziz's tax policies? END
START what unanimously praised most of the umayyad rulers? END
START who established the jizya tax? END
START who became leader of the khurasan hashimiyya in approximately 746? END
START what symbol did abu muslim use in his revolt against the umayyads? END
START who was the umayyad governor of khurasan who was defeated by abu muslim? END
START when did the hashimiyya conquer kufa? END
START where did marwan die? END
START who carried out a revolt under the sign of the white flag? END
START what year was control of khurasan established? END
START what was the first umayyad stronghold in iraq? END
START when was marwan recognized as the new caliph in the mosque at kufa? END
START what month was abu muslim killed in egypt? END
START in the later abbasid era, what branch of islam did iran adhere to? END
START what notable work of islamic history was written in iran during the later abbasid period? END
START what group was notably disliked in iran after the persian empire fell? END
START what are the books written early in the abbasid period like? END
START when was there not much anti arab feeling in iran? END
START what did this anti arab feeling fail to influence? END
START what was a small collection of texts? END
START what was a collection meant only for current generations? END
START what is the meaning of the term kurdus in english? END
START what caliph reigned from 740 to 750? END
START what style of dress did arab troops wear under marwan ii? END
START along with artillery and infantry, what was the third division of umayyad troops under marwan ii? END
START what did the umayyads call the mangonel? END
START who didn't change the diwan of umar? END
START what did the byzantines pattern their army organization on? END
START how many corps did the byzantines have? END
START who reintroduced the old division? END
START in what fashion were greek troops armed? END
START who first brought a postal service into umayyad lands? END
START along what highway did umar bin abdul-aziz build caravanserais? END
START along with horses and camels, what animals were used by the postal service? END
START in dirhams, what was the yearly cost of the iraqi postal service when yusuf bin umar was governor? END
START in kilometers, how far apart was each stage of the umayyad highways? END
START who ended the postal service? END
START who shrunk the reach of the postal service throughout his empire? END
START who stopped the use of horses in the postal service? END
START what service primarily met the needs of private citizens?  END
START what did the postal department of iraq cost per year under abd al-malik? END
START what nation lost the battle of yarmouk? END
START who was the byzantine leader at the battle of yarmouk? END
START along with syria, where did the muslims extend their control after the battle of yarmouk? END
START who was the father of yazid ibn abi sufyan? END
START along with muawiyah, abu sufyan ibn harb and yazid ibn abi sufyan, what notable muslim participated in the battle of yarmouk? END
START what is an example of a late history book? END
START what were muawiyah's father and brothers appointed as before they converted to islam? END
START who appointed muhammad as a commander? END
START who never fought at the battle of yarmouk? END
START what battle did the byzantines win? END
START what were non-muslim groups under the umayyads called? END
START along with berbers, zoroastrians and christians, what notable non-muslim group existed in the umayyad caliphate? END
START along with jews, what non-muslim religion produced notable theological works under the umayyads? END
START what were muslim groups in the umayyad caliphate called? END
START who was given a legally protected status as first class citizens? END
START what were muslims banned from holding in the empire? END
START what led to a lack of great thinkers in muslim communities? END
START what were non-muslims not required to acknowledge?  END
START what is another name for people who recently converted to islam? END
START who argued that the umayyads regarded islam as a particularly aristocratic faith? END
START what sorts of families did the umayyads show favor to? END
START which caliphate was not marked by territorial expansion? END
START who favored the rights of newly converted muslims? END
START who did the mawali show favor to? END
START who had a more universalist conception of islam than their rivals? END
START what christian saint was also an umayyad administrator? END
START what tax collectors did the umayyads often leave in place after they conquered regions? END
START in addition to criticism received for employing non-muslims, for what notable reason did some muslims criticize the umayyads? END
START what did many muslims praise the umayyads for? END
START who removed the people's political representatives as they took over? END
START what was the central government not paid for? END
START what did many muslim cities use some of their taxes for? END
START who reduced the taxes of the people who converted to islam? END
START what arabic term did the umayyad caliphs use to refer to themselves? END
START where was the abbasid court based? END
START what is the arabic term for kingship? END
START what was the tradition arabic title used by caliphs? END
START what does khalifat allah translate to in english? END
START who has a positive reception from later islamic historians? END
START what is a term for kingship that has connotations of freedom? END
START who calls the umayyads a true caliphate? END
START who saw a need to share religious power with the religious scholars? END
START what histories were written outside the abbasid court? END
