START what is one time period in which gothic architecture flourished? END
START what style of architecture did gothic architecture evolve from? END
START what style of architecture came after the gothic style? END
START where did the gothic architecture style originate? END
START gothic architecture is known for being commonly used in cathedrals and churches, what is one example of a lesser known type of structure in which gothic architecture has been used? END
START what is one time period in which gothic architecture was not allowed? END
START what style of architecture did gothic architecture devolve from? END
START what style of architecture came along with the gothic style? END
START where did the gothic architecture style fail originally? END
START what style of architecture no longer exists for castles? END
START what is an example of where the gothic style is expressed most strongly? END
START where do the emotions which traits of the gothic style represent, originate from?  END
START a great number of what type of buildings still remain from this period today? END
START with what organization are many gothic cathedral listed with as world heritage sites? END
START why are larger cathedrals and churches associated with the gothic style? END
START where is the gothic style expressed least strongly? END
START what are the emotions which traits of the gothic style diminish? END
START what is the only style of building that still remains from this period today? END
START with what organization are many gothic cathedrals unlisted as world heritage sites? END
START why are only smaller cathedrals and churches associated with the gothic style? END
START what type of description did the term "gothic architecture" originate as? END
START who used the term "barbarous german style" to portray what is known today as the gothic style? END
START who does vasari believe destroyed ancient buildings after they conquered rome? END
START how long had italy undergone building in a classical architecture style at the time of vasari? END
START in what period was the classical architecture vocabulary revived?  END
START what type of description did the term "gothic architecture" dismiss? END
START who used the term "barbarous german style" to portray what is known today as the modern style? END
START who does vasari believe destroyed new buildings after they fell to rome? END
START how long had italy stopped building in a classical architecture style at the time of vasari? END
START what period was the classical architecture vocabulary forgotten? END
START what type of structures remaining today have the largest amount of examples of the gothic style? END
START what is one region with which the gothic style is distinctly connected with? END
START what is another region with which the gothic style is distinctly connected with? END
START what is one country with which the gothic style is distinctly connected with? END
START what is another country with which the gothic style is distinctly connected with? END
START what type of structures remaining today have the only examples of the gothic style? END
START what is one region with which the gothic style is distinctly forbidden? END
START what is the only region with which the gothic style is distinctly connected with? END
START what country no longer has examples of gothic buildings? END
START at the end of what century was europe separated into several city states and kingdoms? END
START what was the region covering modern germany, southern denmark, the netherlands, belgium, luxembourg, switzerland, austria, slovakia, czech republic and much of northern italy known as? END
START what modern country contains regions in which plantagenet kings controlled large domains? END
START poland was affected by trade connections with what league? END
START what type of kings brought the gothic style from france to southern italy? END
START what century was europe split into two city states and kingdoms? END
START what modern country contains regions in which plantagenet kings controlled small domains? END
START what type of kings brought the gothic style from france to southern asia? END
START what league affected trade connections with peru? END
START what was the region covering modern germany, northern denmark, the netherlands, belgium, luxembourg, switzerland, austria, slovakia, czech republic and much of southern italy known as? END
START europe experienced a rapid growth in what at this time? END
START what is one country that contained considerable and prosperous towns during this time? END
START what type of building was considered to be very important and a sign of affluence and achievement? END
START what is one country that stayed mostly feudal and created spectacular architecture for its royalty rather than its burghers? END
START what is another country that stayed mostly feudal and created spectacular architecture for its royalty rather than its burghers? END
START what did europe experience a rapid decline in at this time? END
START what is the only country that contained considerable and prosperous towns during this time? END
START what type of building was considered to be very unimportant and a sign of affluence and achievement? END
START what is one country that stayed mostly feudal and created spectacular architecture for its burghers rather than its royalty? END
START what church was widespread across europe at this time? END
START who were bishops appointed by? END
START which periods saw a quick growth in monasticism?  END
START what types of church were the benedictines known for? END
START what is one type of benedictine order that was common in france? END
START what church was widespread across asia at this time? END
START who were bishops killed by? END
START which periods saw a very slow growth in monasticism? END
START what types of church were the benedictines unknown for? END
START what is one type of benedictine order that was rare in france? END
START during what time period did romanesque architecture become a pan-european style of construction? END
START what is one country in the geographic area that was affected by the development of the gothic style of architecture? END
START why did country borders not affect differences in style within gothic architecture? END
START during which period did regional differences in romanesque architecture become even more pronounced? END
START england and what other country showed differences in architectural style rarely observed anywhere else? END
START what time period did romanesque architecture become a pan-european style of destruction? END
START what is the only country in the geographic area that was affected by the development of the gothic style of architecture? END
START why did country borders not affect differences in style within gothic architecture? END
START which period did regional similarities in romanesque architecture become even more pronounced? END
START what other country aside from england showed identical architectural style frequently observed everywhere else? END
START northern germany, netherlands, northern poland, denmark, and the baltic countries used what building material in place of local stone? END
START what was the name of the building style that resulted from the use of brick? END
START what building style was the hanseatic league connected with in germany and scandinavia? END
START why were many buildings covered with marble? END
START with what type of facade were buildings left with if they were to completed at a later time? END
START what was the name of the building style that resulted from the use of one brick? END
START what building style was the hanseatic league disconnected with in germany and scandinavia? END
START why were many buildings covered with marbles? END
START with what type of facade were buildings left with if they were to never be completed at a later time? END
START what is romanesque architecture known as in england? END
START by the beginning of what century was the romanesque style established all over europe? END
START the romanesque style continued to affect and inspire  the basic architectural forms throughout which period? END
START what is one important category of building that was recognized during the romanesque period? END
START what is another category of building that was established during the romanesque period? END
START what is romanesque architecture no longer known as in england? END
START what century was the romanesque style forgotten all over europe? END
START what is one useless category of building that was recognized during the romanesque period? END
START what is the only category of building that was demolished during the romanesque period? END
START what was the most important single design aspect that separated the gothic style from the romanesque?  END
START what is one example of a gothic style element that was able to be incorporated because of technological innovation? END
START what is another example of a gothic style element that was able to be incorporated because of technological innovation? END
START what is the name of the cathedral in northern england that first displayed the use of the pointed arch? END
START what is the name of the cathedral in sicily that first displayed the use of the pointed arch? END
START what was the least important single design aspect that separated the gothic style from the romanesque? END
START what is one example of a gothic style element that was able to be ignored because of technological innovation? END
START what is the name of the cathedral in southern england that first displayed the use of the pointed arch? END
START what is the name of the cathedral in sicily that first displayed the use of the twisted arch? END
START what is another example of a gothic style element that was able to be forgotten because of technological innovation? END
START what is one defining characteristic of the gothic architectural style? END
START which type of architecture first used the pointed arch during the seventh century? END
START what other type of architecture also made use of the pointed arch? END
START the roman karamagara bridge is an example of what type of structure? END
START parabolic and pointed arches were used in what type of constrcution? END
START what is the only defining characteristic of the gothic architectural style? END
START which type of architecture first used the pointed arch during the fifth century? END
START what other type of architecture also made use of the curved arch? END
START what type of construction involved many twisted arches? END
START what could have affected medieval europe's embracing of the pointed arch? END
START what event in the year 1090 could have had an effect on medieval europe's embracing of the pointed arch? END
START in which parts of the western mediterranean did the blending of romanesque and islamic styles occur? END
START what is one cathedral in which the mixing of romanesque, gothic and islamic styles can be seen? END
START what is another example of a cathedral in which the blending of romanesque, gothic and islamic styles can be seen? END
START what could have eliminated medieval europe's embracing of the pointed arch? END
START what event in the year 1290 could have had an effect on medieval europe's embracing of the pointed arch? END
START which parts of the western mediterranean did the blending of asian and islamic styles occur? END
START what is the only cathedral in which the mixing of romanesque, gothic and islamic styles can be seen? END
START what is the worst example of a cathedral in which the blending of romanesque, french and islamic styles can be seen? END
START the distinctive forms that describe gothic architecture developed out of which style? END
START barrel and groin vaults are examples of what kind of architecture? END
START what type of vaults were used in the abbey of saint-étienne and abbaye aux dames? END
START when was durham cathedral constructed? END
START what cathedral first made use of pointed arches in high vaults?  END
START what style helped to destroy gothic architecture? END
START what type of vaults were lost in the abbey of saint-étienne and abbaye aux dames? END
START when was durham cathedral abandoned? END
START what cathedral last made use of pointed arches in low vaults? END
START what is considered the first truly gothic building? END
START which cathedral was first to be rebuilt in the new style from 1150 to 1231? END
START what is one of the features that have come to be considered as an important part of the gothic style? END
START what is considered the last true gothic building? END
START which cathedral was first to be rebuilt in the new style from 1140 to 1241? END
START what is one of the features that is no longer an important part of the gothic style? END
START when was the noyon cathedral abandoned? END
START what is one cathedral in which simple cylindrical columns stand out more than the gothic features? END
START when was the construction of wells cathedral in england begun? END
START who completed the transepts and nave on wells cathedral in about 1230? END
START which cathedral is considered the first thoroughly gothic cathedral? END
START what is another cathedral in which simple cylindrical columns stand out more than the gothic features? END
START what is one cathedral in which complex cylindrical columns stand out more than the gothic features? END
START when was the construction of wells cathedral in england halted? END
START who completed the transepts and nave on wells cathedral in about 1130? END
START which cathedral is considered the only thoroughly gothic cathedral? END
START who chose to rebuild the great church of saint-denis in about 1137? END
START which portion the cathedral was the reconstruction of the great church of saint-denis begun? END
START the facade of saint denis resembled what other well known structure? END
START why were three large portal used in the construction of the roman arch of constantine? END
START the facade of saint denis combines round arches with what other style arch? END
START who chose to rebuild the great church of saint-denis in about 1237? END
START which portion of the cathedral was involved in the destruction of the great church of saint-denis? END
START what did the facade of saint denis resemble as a well known creature? END
START why were nine large portals used in the construction of the roman arch of constantine? END
START what does the facade of saint denis combine pyramids with what other style arch? END
START when was the west front of saint denis completed? END
START what portion of the reconstruction of saint denis was begun after the completion of the west front?  END
START what style of nave was left unaltered during this portion of the reconstruction of saint denis? END
START what style of columns did abbott suger use when reconstructing saint denis? END
START what design element allowed the use of large clerestory windows? END
START when was the south front of saint denis removed? END
START what style of columns did abbott suger use when destructing saint denis? END
START what style of nave was fully altered during this portion of the reconstruction of saint denis? END
START what design element allowed the use of small clerestory doors? END
START what portion of the reconstruction of saint denis was delayed after the completion of the west front? END
START what type of buildings most prominently display the design aspects of the gothic architectural style? END
START prior to the 20th century, a gothic cathedral was considered to be what type of building in the town in which it was constructed? END
START what is another name for the pointed arch? END
START what is an example of architectural technology that is seen in gothic construction? END
START what is another example of architectural technology that is seen in gothic construction? END
START what type of buildings most prominently hide the design aspects of the gothic architectural style? END
START what is another name for the twisted arch? END
START what is an example of impossible technology that is seen in gothic construction? END
START when was it typical that gothic cathedrals were hidden? END
START in england, which arm would generally show two distinct sections, choir and presbytery? END
START who is a projecting lady chapel dedicated to? END
START what shape does the eastern end often exhibit in france? END
START what is the ring of chapels found in the eastern end of french chapels known as? END
START in italy, the eastern projection beyond the transept often contains what? END
START which arm in england would generally show no distinct sections? END
START who was a projecting lady chapel meant to harm? END
START what shape does the eastern end rarely exhibit in france? END
START what is the sphere of chapels found in the eastern end of french chapels known as? END
START the use of the pointed arch for bringing transverse vaults to the same height diagonal ones, is in disagreement with what theory? END
START at which cathedral is the pointed arch used to match the heights of transverse and diagonal vaults? END
START in what type of decorative blind arcading are pointed arches common? END
START when semicircular arches overlap each other, what type of design is accidentally created? END
START which cathedral is the twisted arch used to match the heights of transverse and diagonal vaults? END
START what type of decorative blind are curved arches common? END
START when triangular arches overlap each other, what type of design is accidentally created? END
START what theory was not supported by anyone? END
START which type of vault can be used for rectangular and trapezoidal shaped roofs? END
START what structural benefit is offered by the gothic vault? END
START what can architects raise much higher using the gothic versus the romanesque variety? END
START what type of visual character is achieved by using the pointed arch? END
START which type of vault can be used for circular and square shaped roofs? END
START what structural danger is offered by the gothic vault? END
START what can architects raise much lower using the gothic versus the romanesque variety? END
START what type of visual character is forgotten by using the pointed arch? END
START what is one feature of both large and small gothic churches? END
START what is another feature of both large and small gothic churches? END
START how many towers are typical on the front of gothic churches in france and spain? END
START in what country is the tower often found detached from the main building? END
START how many towers are found at the salisbury chapel? END
START what is one feature of only small gothic churches? END
START how many riddles are typical on the front of gothic churches in france and spain? END
START what country is the tower often vanishing from the main building? END
START how many towers fell at the salisbury chapel? END
START what enhances the vertical look of the exterior of gothic construction?  END
START what is one design element of gothic construction that is often terminated by small pinnacles? END
START what is another design element of gothic construction that is often terminated by small pinnacles? END
START which cathedral demonstrates a drastic example of termination with small pinnacles? END
START what other part of gothic buildings are often found terminated with small pinnacles? END
START what hinders the vertical look of the exterior of gothic construction? END
START what is one design element of gothic construction that is always terminated by small pinnacles? END
START which cathedral demonstrates an impossible structure of small pinnacles? END
START what part of gothic buildings are often found terminated with enormous pinnacles? END
START what is often found sweeping unbroken from floor to ceiling on the interior of gothic buildings? END
START where are the verticals found repeated in the interior of gothic buildings? END
START what sort of feature is created by the use of vertical elements in gallery and window tracery? END
START what does the use of vertical elements help to counteract? END
START what is often found completely broken from floor to ceiling on the interior of gothic buildings? END
START where are the verticals never repeated in the interior of gothic buildings? END
START what sort of feature is ruined by the use of vertical elements in gallery and window tracery? END
START what does the use of vertical elements harm the most? END
START what sort of light has always been characteristic of gothic cathedrals? END
START whose writings led to the clerical belief in the divinity of light? END
START what book became popular with monks in france and had an effect on how light was used in cathedrals? END
START who encouraged cathedral architects to allow as much light as possible into the building? END
START who held the belief that all light, including light reflected from walls and surfaces was divine? END
START what sort of ultraviolet light has always been characteristic of gothic cathedrals? END
START whose writings led to the clerical belief in the divinity of darkness? END
START what book became unpopular with monks in france and had an effect on how light was used in cathedrals? END
START who encouraged cathedral architects to allow as little light as possible into the building? END
START who held the belief that all light, including light reflected from walls and surfaces was fake? END
START what size of window is found above the main portal at york minster? END
START what type of window is often found above the main portal at cathedrals in france such as the reims cathedral? END
START where are rose windows never found in the facades of cathedrals? END
START what portion of gothic buildings are usually richly decorated with arcading or sculpture? END
START which italian cathedral displays polychrome marble and mosaic on the gable? END
START what size of hole is found above the main portal at york minster? END
START what type of window is often found above the main portal at cathedrals in greece such as the reims cathedral? END
START where are clear windows never found in the facades of cathedrals? END
START what portion of egyptian buildings are usually richly decorated with arcading or sculpture? END
START which italian cathedral displays polychrome marble and mosaic on the floor? END
START what is the distinguiushing visual design feature of french cathedrals? END
START how many portals are typically found on the west front of french cathedrals? END
START how many towers are typically found on the west front of french cathedrals? END
START what shape does the east end of french chapels typically have? END
START what do many major churches in southern france often lack? END
START what is the only visual design feature of french cathedrals? END
START how many wormholes are typically found on the west front of french cathedrals? END
START what do many major churches in southern france often require? END
START what shape does the east end of french chapels typically forbid? END
START what is the unique design feature of english cathedrals? END
START what type of transepts do english cathedrals often feature?  END
START what size of window is typically featured on the west end of english cathedrals? END
START where are rose windows used on english cathedrals? END
START on english cathedrals, where is a tower almost always found? END
START what is the worst design feature of english cathedrals? END
START what type of transepts do english cathedrals often lack? END
START what size of cat is typically featured on the west end of english cathedrals? END
START where are blackened windows used on english cathedrals? END
START where is a tower almost never found on greek cathedrals? END
START in germany, poland and austria romanesque architecture is defined by its massive size and what other design element? END
START what design style does romanesque architecture in germany, poland, and austria normally follow? END
START what does the eastern end of german romanesque cathedrals typically emulate? END
START what is the distinguishing design element in german gothic cathedrals? END
START what are hall churches in german cathedrals known as? END
START what design style does romanesque architecture in germany, poland, and australia rarely follow? END
START what does the eastern end of german romanesque cathedrals typically avoid? END
START what is the only design element in german gothic cathedrals? END
START what are hall churches in german cathedrals no longer known as? END
START what is the distinctive design element of gothic cathedrals of the iberian peninsula?  END
START what size are the arcades of gothic cathedrals of the iberian peninsula? END
START what type of architecture is a prominent influence on the design and form of gothic cathedrals from the iberian peninsula?  END
START what type of west front does the leon cathedral resemble? END
START what style are the spires at burgos cathedral? END
START what is the distinctive design element of gothic cathedrals of the iberian continent? END
START what size are the arcades of gothic malls of the iberian peninsula? END
START what type of west front does the leon cathedral resent? END
START what style are the spirals at burgos cathedral? END
START what type of architecture lost influence on the design and form of gothic cathedrals from the iberian peninsula? END
START what is the unique characteristic of italian gothic design? END
START what color are the columns of italian gothic cathedrals often painted? END
START what type of arches do they love to use in venice? END
START instead of rose windows, what type of windows do italian cathedral facades usually feature? END
START what is the preferred narrative medium for the interior of italian cathedrals? END
START what is the worst characteristic of italian gothic design? END
START what color are the columns of italian gothic cathedrals always painted? END
START what type of arches do they never use in venice? END
START what type of windows do italian cathedral facades usually forbid? END
START what is the preferred narrative medium for the interior of italian cinemas? END
START who was the royal palace of olite built for? END
START who was the malbork castle built for? END
START what type of gothic architecture is the malbork castle an example of? END
START what is the name of the royal residence built for the kings of france in paris? END
START when was the palau de la generalitat in barcelona constructed? END
START who was the royal palace of olite pillaged for? END
START who was the malbork castle burned for? END
START what type of gothic architecture is the malbork castle a poor example of? END
START when was the palau de la generalitat in barcelona deconstructed? END
START what is the name of the special residence built for the citizens of france in paris? END
START what is an example of secular northern brick gothic architecture from the 14th century? END
START when was brussels town hall built? END
START what is the name of the secular building in spain which was constructed for the purpose of silk exchange? END
START what is the name of the 13th-century town hall constructed to host the offices of the republic of siena? END
START impressive public secular architecture can also be found in what other italian city? END
START what is an example of secular northern brick gothic architecture from the 12th century? END
START when was brussels town hall hidden? END
START what is the name of the secular building in space which was constructed for the purpose of silk exchange? END
START what is the name of the 18th-century town hall constructed to host the offices of the republic of siena? END
START what is the only italian city with public secular architecture? END
START in what era had university towns grown in wealth and importance? END
START what is the name of the university building in bologna, built in the 14th and 15th centuries? END
START what is the name of the building at university of prague in bohemia? END
START what is the name of the secular building at the university of salamanca in spain?  END
START what is the name of the secular building at the jagiellonian university in kraków, poland? END
START what era had university towns lost wealth and importance? END
START what is the name of the university building in bologna, built in the 14th and 17th centuries? END
START what is the name of the building at university of prague in bahamas? END
START when was the escuelas mayores building of the university of salamanca in spain destroyed? END
START what is no longer the name of the building at the jagiellonian university in kraków, poland? END
START what is one city with an accumulation of secular gothic structures?  END
START what is another city with an accumulation of secular gothic structures?  END
START what style are most windows on secular gothic structures? END
START where are pointed arches and vaulted ceilings found on most secular gothic structures? END
START what is the name of the surviving monastic building in england?  END
START what is the only city with an accumulation of secular gothic structures? END
START what style are all windows on secular gothic structures? END
START where are pointed arches and vaulted ceilings concealed on most secular gothic structures? END
START what is the name of the surviving monastic building in egypt? END
START what is the name of the archbishop of canterbury's residence? END
START in what year was a gothic hammerbeam roof installed on the archbishop of canterbury's residence? END
START in what century were distinct gothic details used on new construction at oxford and cambridge? END
START who used gothic details in construction of tom tower, oxford? END
START what is the location of the archbishop of canterbury's dentist? END
START what year was a gothic hammerbeam roof stolen on the archbishop of canterbury's residence? END
START what century were vague gothic details used on new construction at oxford and yale? END
START who avoided gothic details in construction of tom tower, oxford? END
START when was neo-gothic popularized by influential figures? END
START in britain after 1837, what was the gothic revival known as? END
START during what years was the high victorian gothic period in britain? END
START what movement was responsible for the philosophy which led to the revival of anglo catholic ideas?  END
START besides ecclesiastical and civic architecture, what other style of architecture did influential figures of the 19th century prefer to use victorian gothic for? END
START when was neo-gothic forgotten by influential figures? END
START what was the gothic death known as in britain after 1827? END
START what year was the high victorian gothic period in africa? END
START what movement was responsible for the philosophy which led to the end of anglo catholic ideas? END
START what other style of architecture did influential figures of the 14th century prefer to use victorian gothic for? END
START who was the exterior architect of the houses of parliament? END
START who was the interior architect of the houses of parliament? END
START what style of architecture does the houses of parliament exemplify? END
START who designed the albert memorial in london? END
START who designed the chapel at keble college, oxford? END
START who was the failed architect of the houses of parliament? END
START who was the cook of the houses of parliament? END
START what style of architecture does the houses of parliament mock? END
START who designed the albert memorial in germany? END
START who destroyed the chapel at keble college, oxford? END
START who was the main figure of the gothic revival in france? END
START what famous french cathedral was restored and reconstructed by viollet-le-duc? END
START what modern building material did viollet-le-duc teach reform gothic designers to work with? END
START in what fortified city in southern france did viollet-le-duc recreate historical gothic constructions? END
START what other famous french cathedral did viollet-le-duc work on? END
START who was the villain of the gothic revival in france? END
START what famous french cathedral was ruined by viollet-le-duc? END
START what modern building material did viollet-le-duc teach reform gothic designers to avoid? END
START what other famous american cathedral did viollet-le-duc work on? END
START what empty city in northern france did viollet-le-duc recreate historical gothic constructions? END
START name the 8 peopl who began the movement END
START which person  was the most influential in beginning the movement with is three dimensional forms? END
START what year's were cezannes painting's displayed at salon d'automne? not including the retrospectives. END
START what movement did picasso not participate in? END
START what movement did braque not participate in? END
START what happened in 1903? END
START which person was the least influential in beginning the movement with is three dimensional forms? END
START what year's were cezannes painting's not displayed at salon d'automne?  END
START what were the three offshoots of cubism formed in france? END
START what were the other offshoots formed in countries other than france? END
START which offshoot had little in common with cubism? END
START which offshoot of cubism was influenced by picasso?  END
START  what were the four offshoots of cubism formed in france? END
START what were the other offshoots formed in france? END
START which offshoot had everything in common with cubism? END
START  which offshoot of cubism was not influenced by picasso? END
START between what years did cubism begin?  END
START in the spring of what year did the first organized exhibition by cubist appear? END
START what was the name of the room that the first exhibition of cubists took place? END
START who mentioned the landscapes made by picasso in the first cubist paintings?  END
START in what city did the first exhibition of cubists take place? END
START what happened in 1906? END
START what painting did picasso paint in 1908? END
START what painting did braque paint in 1907? END
START what was the name of the room that the last exhibition of cubists took place? END
START  in what city did the last exhibition of cubists take place? END
START what was the first phase of cubism known as?  END
START who coined the phrase analytic cubsim?  END
START what was the second phase of cubism called?  END
START from what years did high cubism take place?  END
START from what years did late cubism take place?  END
START  what was the last phase of cubism known as? END
START who coined the term non-analytic cubism? END
START  from what years did low cubism take place? END
START  from what years did post cubism take place? END
START who asserted that the flat canvas supported cubism?  END
START in what year was the assertion made that the flat canvas supported cubism? END
START when was the assertion that the flat canvas supported cubism put into debate? END
START who was the main opponent that began to argue that the flat canvas did not support cubism?  END
START who's work undermined douglass  coopers terms describing cubism? END
START  who disagreed that the flat canvas supported cubism? END
START in what year was the assertion made that the flat canvas did not support cubism? END
START when was the assertion that the flat canvas did not support cubism put into debate? END
START who was the main opponent that began to agree that the flat canvas did not support cubism? END
START who's work undermined douglass coopers terms in not describing cubism? END
START which artists in the early 19th and 20th century inspired by the newly discovered african, native american, micro and polynesian art? END
START what about the native cultures art inspired matisse, picasso, and gauguin? END
START who did picasso meet around 1906 that had also recenelty learned about primitivism?  END
START what were picasso's 1907 paintings usually characterized by?  END
START which artists in the early 21st century inspired by the newly discovered african, native american, micro and polynesian art? END
START what about the native cultures art did not inspire matisse, picasso, and gauguin? END
START who did picasso meet around 1960 that had also recently learned about primitivism? END
START  what were picasso's 1970 paintings usually characterized by? END
START which two artists did douglass cooper say were very important to the forming of cubism? END
START what does cooper say is the first  cubist picture?  END
START is it true that the first cubist picture is the demoiselles?  END
START which two artists did douglass cooper say were not important to the forming of cubism? END
START  what does cooper say is the last cubist picture? END
START what style is the desmoiselles? END
START who said the disruptive, expressionist element in it is not at all contrary to the spirit of cubism" END
START what did daniel robbins say about demoiselles being the beginning of cubism? END
START during which years did the conscious begin to look for a new style in germany, italy, russia, and holland? END
START which impressionist movements were also influenced by cubism? END
START which technique did the impressionists use to make their subjects simple forms? END
START what did daniel robbins say about demoiselles being the end of cubism? END
START  during which years did the conscious begin to look for a old style in germany, italy, russia, and holland? END
START  which impressionist movements were not influenced by cubism? END
START which technique did the impressionists use to not make their subjects simple forms? END
START besides seurat where else are the beginnigs of cubism found? END
START cubists exploration of the concept of the simplification of forms into cones cylinders and spheres was further explored by whom? END
START cubism revolutionized the way things could be seen in art how?  END
START  besides seurat where else are the end of cubism found? END
START cubists exploration of the concept of the simplification of forms into cones cylinders and spheres was further not explored by whom? END
START  cubism revolutionized the way things could not be seen in art how? END
START when did the historical study of cubism begin? END
START on who's opinions were the beginnings of the this historical study of cubism based? END
START on which book and who was the author was one of the main sources of the historical study of cubism based? END
START when did the historical study of cubism end? END
START what happened in the early 1920s? END
START on whose opinions were the end of the this historical study of cubism based? END
START on which book and who was the author was one of the main sources of the historical study of non-cubism based? END
START understanding who's work was the tradition meaning of cubism formed on? END
START who suggested that the artists other than braque and picasso's relgation to a distant role in cubism was a mistake? END
START what other painters were not thought of as being as cubist as braque and picasso? END
START understanding whose work was the tradition meaning of non-cubism formed on? END
START who suggested that the artists other than braque and picasso's relgation to a close role in cubism was a mistake? END
START what other painters were thought of as being as cubist as braque and picasso? END
START who said "o suggest that merely because these artists developed same as the traditional pattern" END
START what year did the term cubism become used more? END
START which poet critic in 1911 with a group of poets accepted the term cubism?  END
START the artists of passy included which two people? END
START what year did the term cubism become used less? END
START what happened in 1910? END
START which poet critic in 1911 with a group of poets rejected the term cubism? END
START  the artists of passy included which three people? END
START where did picassos work until 1912?  END
START where did braque and gris stay until the end of the world war i? END
START where was leger based around 1912?  END
START where did picassos work until 1911? END
START  where did braque and gris move to at the end of the world war i? END
START where was leger not based around 1912? END
START which four people usually met at fauconnier's studio in 1910? END
START where was fauconnier's studio located?  END
START what did the group meeting at fauconnier's studio want to focus on? END
START which five people usually met at fauconnier's studio in 1910? END
START  where was fauconnier's studio destroyed? END
START what did the group meeting at fauconnier's studio not want to focus on? END
START what group formed in 1911? END
START in what year did the new york times review the salon d'automne? END
START what was the subtitle of the article published in 1911 in new york times about cubism? END
START list the artists who were featured in the salon d'automne?  END
START  in what year did the new york times not review the salon d'automne? END
START what happened october 9 1911? END
START what was the subtitle of the article not published in 1911 in new york times about cubism? END
START  list the artists who weren't featured in the salon d'automne? END
START which duchamp presentation was displayed in the 1912 salon des independants? END
START  was duchamp's work considered controversial when displayed in 1912? END
START what were one of  metzingers two showings in 1912's salon des independants?  END
START which duchamp presentation was displayed in the 1913 salon des independants? END
START what painting of duchamp's was not controversial? END
START what were one of metzingers two showings in 1913's salon des independants? END
START where was woman with a door displayed? END
START where was la ville de rome featured? END
START which politician made the front page of le journa in 1912 for his indignation?  END
START who defended the cubists in the controversy of 1912? END
START towards which social topic did the cubists  at the salon d'automne creat contrevesy towards?  END
START which politician made the front page of le journa in 1913 for his indignation? END
START  who defended the cubists in the controversy of 1915? END
START towards which social topic did the cubists at the salon d'automne not create controversy towards? END
START what happened in 1911? END
START what against did metzinger and gleizes write du "cubsime"?  END
START who published du "cubisme"? END
START in what year was  du "cubisme" published?  END
START  what did metzinger and gleizes write du "cubsime" in support of? END
START  who wrote du "squarism"? END
START  in what year was du "squarism" published? END
START  who published du "squarism"? END
START where was kupka's paintings not displayed? END
START what were kupka's two entries at the salon d'automne?  END
START what were the titles of delaunay's paintings in 1912?  END
START during what years did  leger produce contrasts of forms?  END
START  what were kupka's three entries at the salon d'automne? END
START  what were the titles of delaunay's paintings in 1914? END
START  during what years did leger not produce contrasts of forms? END
START who produced the series called non-contrast of forms? END
START by whom was marcel duchamp labeled an orphanist?  END
START what two items did duchamp attach together in 1913?  END
START what object did duchamp select in 1914 as a scuplture by itself?  END
START  by whom was marcel duchamp labeled not an orphanist? END
START  what three items did duchamp attach together in 1913? END
START  what object did duchamp select in 1912 as a scuplture by itself? END
START what was duchamp not responsible for? END
START how many works displayed at the salon de la section d'or at the galerie la boétie in paris, october 1912? END
START how many works displayed at the salon de la section d'or at the galerie la boétie in paris, october 1922? END
START what was also known as non-groupe de puteaux? END
START what's another term for the section d'voures?  END
START what was developed in 1913? END
START what did the 1912 exhiibtion of cubism show? END
START what did the 1912 exhibtion of cubism not show? END
START what type of audience did the exhibition not appeal to? END
START what came out of the exhibit failing? END
START what did not become a genre after the exhibition? END
START what wasn't a new avant-garde style? END
START what did christopher green say of the difference between traditional cubist and salon cubists? END
START whom did braque and picasso aim their works at?  END
START what did christopher green say of the similarities between traditional cubist and salon cubists? END
START who said "it is clear, in any case"? END
START  whom did braque and picasso not aim their works at? END
START what happened in 1913? END
START in du cubisme who so metzinger and gleizes  relate the sense of time to?  END
START the cubist used what kind of treatment of space and time? END
START in du cubisme who so metzinger and gleizes not relate the sense of time to? END
START  the cubist didn't use what kind of treatment of space and time? END
START what was not a symbolic expression?  END
START what type of philosopher was henri bergson? END
START what did the technique in gliezes' piece le depiquage represent? END
START who painted the wedding, show at salon des independants in 1912? END
START which of gliezes pieces was featured at salon de la section d'or?  END
START what did the technique in gliezes' piece le depiquage not represent? END
START who painted the wedding, show at salon des independants in 1913? END
START  which of gliezes pieces was not featured at salon de la section d'or? END
START who did not make a response in early cubism?  END
START what did not give form to the notion of simultaneity?  END
START what was the name of the show that introduced cubism to the usa? END
START in what city did the show that introduced cubism to the usa take place?  END
START which 1907 piece did picasso present in the show that introduced cubism to the usa?  END
START what 1910 piece did albert gleizes present in that show that introduced cubism to the usa?  END
START what was the name of the show that introduced cubism to china? END
START in what city did the show that introduced cubism to canada take place? END
START where did the show go after boston?  END
START where did the show go before new york? END
START which 1907 piece did picasso present in the show that introduced cubism to china? END
START what was the name of the 1909 cubist sculpture picassos created? END
START what douglas cooper call picasso's 1909 cubist sculpture? END
START which  alexander archipenko piece was similar to other cubist scupltures of that time? END
START what was the name of the 1907 cubist sculpture picassos created? END
START who sculpted arm of a woman?  END
START when was leg of a woman sculpted?  END
START which alexander archipenko piece was different from other cubist scupltures of that time? END
START what did alexander archipenko paint in 1915? END
START what did the critic maurice raynal begin to refer to cubism in around 1917-1920? END
START who's concept of duration was left  behind for a for more concrete frame's of references?  END
START what was the first time period that a significant change began to happen in cubism? END
START what was the second time period that a significant change began to happen in cubism? END
START what did the critic maurice raynal stop referring to cubism in around 1917-1920? END
START whose concept of duration was not left behind for a for more concrete frame's of references? END
START what was the first time period that no change began to happen in cubism? END
START what was the last time period that a significant change did not happen in cubism? END
START before what year was cubism considered the most innovative?  END
START with the assistance of what dealer did cubism return as  a central consideration for artists after world war i? END
START in what year did rosenberg exhibit cubist works at  galerie de l’effort moderne? END
START in which city did galerie de l’effort moderne take place?  END
START before what year was cubism considered the least innovative? END
START with the assistance of what dealer did cubism return as a central consideration for artists after world war ii? END
START what did not decline in 1925? END
START in what year did rosenberg refuse to exhibit cubist works at galerie de l’effort moderne? END
START  in which city was galerie de l’effort moderne banned from? END
START name the three artists who were in part resonsible for the reemergence of cubism between 1917 and 1924. END
START name the three writers who were in part resonsible for the reemergence of cubism between 1917 and 1924. END
START in 1918 which way did the french idealogies shift that effected cubism? END
START name the four artists who were in part resonsible for the reemergence of cubism between 1917 and 1924. END
START in 1919 which way did the french idealogies shift that effected cubism? END
START what did not remain evolutionary? END
START what happened to cubism before 1918? END
START what two things did cubism in the early 20th century form an important link between? END
START what are the four formal characteristics that are usually connected with cubism? END
START in which four countries were the impacts of avant garde art particularly strong? END
START what four things did cubism in the early 20th century form an important link between? END
START what two things did cubism in the early 19th century form an important link between? END
START what are the four formal characteristics that are never connected with cubism? END
START in which four countries were the impacts of avant garde art particularly weak? END
START what was the reception like in italy?  END
START in cubism what was architechtural interested base on? END
START who said that cubism was becoming an influetial aspect in modern architecture ?  END
START increased use of what material marked cubism influence in architecture? END
START in cubism what was not architechtural interested base on? END
START who said that cubism was not becoming an influetial aspect in modern architecture ? END
START increased use of what material marked cubism non-influence in architecture? END
START the ideas of which cubo futurist influenced the avant-garde in architecture? END
START the de stijl movement took part in the aesthetic principles of what? END
START who developed neo plasticism?  END
START who linked de stijl to cubist theory?  END
START who did le corbusier open his paris studio with in 1922? END
START the ideas of which cubo futurist did not influence the avant-garde in architecture? END
START who wrote squarist theory?  END
START what was prefigured by duchamp in 1915? END
START what years did le corbusier not concentrate his efforts? END
START what happened in 1912? END
START what was la maison cubiste ? END
START which metzinger piece was hung in la maison cubiste? END
START how big was the model of la maison cubiste?  END
START what type of boat was la maison cubist? END
START  which metzinger piece was not hung in la maison cubiste? END
START  how big was the model of be maison cubiste? END
START is original cubist architecture rare? END
START which country applied cubism to architecture the most? END
START what was for the form of architectural cubism in prague called? END
START  what was for the form of architectural cubism in france called? END
START what was built after world war ii? END
START what was built before wwi? END
START  which country did not apply cubism to architecture the most? END
START what was the essential piece cubist architects explained in their theoretical rules?  END
START what's  window shapes di czech cubist architects use?  END
START what feelings should cubist architecture evoke in viewer? END
START what was the essential piece cubist architects explained in their non-theoretical rules? END
START  what's window shapes di czech cubist architects not use? END
START  what feelings should cubist architecture not evoke in viewer? END
START what type of doors were not used? END
START who were the leading cubist architects?  END
START where did the leading cubist architects work? END
START what is the best known cubist architecture building?  END
START where is the house of the black madonna located?  END
START who built the house of the black madonna? END
START  who weren't the leading cubist architects? END
START  where did the leading cubist architects study? END
START  what is the least known cubist architecture building? END
START  where is the house of the white madonna located? END
START  who built the house of the white madonna? END
START did cubism influence other fields outside of painting and scuplture? END
START who's written works used repitition that was similar to cubist art? END
START what was gertrude stein's brother's name? END
START what was the title of gertrude stein's 1906-1908 book? END
START what artistic fields did not inspire other cubism work? END
START what novel came out in 2008? END
START who wrote the making of french? END
START who was not influencial on cubism? END
START which poets are closely alligned with cubism? END
START what is the name of the american poet who is associated with talking about the rigiorous architecture of cubism? END
START which two american poets have recently created new traslations of reverdy's work? END
START what is the name of wallace steven's work that explains how cubism can be translated into poetry?  END
START which poets are not aligned with cubism? END
START what is the name of the american poet who is not associated with talking about the rigiorous architecture of cubism? END
START which three american poets have recently created new traslations of reverdy's work? END
START who wrote fifteen ways of looking at blackbird? END
START what specifically dates back with confucius in the 6th century bc? END
START chinese political philosophy dates back to what century? END
START chinese political philosophy was developed as a response to what? END
START what advocated a communal, decentralized government centered on frugality and ascetism? END
START what dates back to the 6th century ad? END
START what was a response to increased social and political awareness in china? END
START what advocated a communal, centralized government centered on frugality and accetism? END
START who advocated a government based on empathy, loyalty and personal relationships? END
START who advocated a peasant uprising and egalitarianism? END
START when did agrarianism begin? END
START what is attributed to mencius in the 6th century bc? END
START what attribute did all of the philosophies share? END
START in what spring and autumn period was legalism dominant? END
START in the qin dynasty, what replaced legalism? END
START western political philosophy originates in what philosophy? END
START what philosophy has dates back to at least plato? END
START ancient greece was dominated by what? END
START what originated with western  philosophy? END
START what philosophy dates back to sme time after plato? END
START what civilization was dominated by independent towns that experimented with different governments? END
START what roman statesman was influenced by plato? END
START what 4 catagories did aristotle divide greek political organizations into? END
START what is the first important work of political organization? END
START what example of stoic influence followed plato's? END
START what was the western political philosophy dominated by? END
START how was ancient greece's government grouped by cicero? END
START what was influenced by timocracy in rome? END
START what demarcates a clear distinction between nation and state, as well as religion and state? END
START what was divided into governance, administration, defense, law and  order? END
START what was the governing body of the hindu states? END
START what political philosophy does not make a clear distinction between nation and state or religion state END
START what evolved over time and is based on legal treaties and obscure social institutions? END
START who state institutions were divided into narrow well-defined entities? END
START what governing body of the states listed of the prime minister and civil servants? END
START what did political and legal treatisies consist of in indian government? END
START what were the constitutions of maha states based on? END
START how was the committee of ministers divided? END
START what prevalant social institution made a clear line between nation and religion? END
START what was the governing body of the head of executive? END
START who was the 4th century bc indian political philosopher? END
START what provides an account of the science of politics for a wise ruler? END
START what is an example of a code of law in ancient india? END
START who was the indian political philosopher in the fourth century a.d.? END
START what provides an account of the science of economics for a wise ruler? END
START "what authorities does ambi quote? END
START who is a predecessor of chanaka? END
START where is sukra neeti an example of a code of law? END
START who was the 4th bc indian arthashastra? END
START what are a few examples the bruhaspati gives for governance? END
START who are the authorities ambi quotes? END
START who is prachetasa a descendant of? END
START who is the father of ushanas? END
START who heavily influenced the early christian philosophy of augustine of hippo? END
START what was a key change brought about by christian thought? END
START who also preached that one was not a member of his or her city? END
START what does civitas terrena mean? END
START what does civitas dei mean? END
START who influenced the christian philosophy of hippo of augustine? END
START what philosophy modernized christian thought? END
START what mean city of mankind? END
START what christian belief was challenged by augustine's city of man? END
START who taught that one was a member of their city? END
START who influenced terrena's view of the moderation of the stoicism? END
START what was one change brought about by augustine? END
START what did plato mention people were a member of? END
START what does hippo's view attack regarding what christians believed? END
START what is one thing that plato changed in the roman world? END
START what strongly altered the power balances and perceptions of origin of power in the mediterranean region? END
START what emphasized an inexorable link between science and religion? END
START who challenged the early islamic philosophy's views? END
START what type of views did the "rationalist" mutaziite philosophers hold? END
START what help to balance the power in the mediterranean region? END
START what early philosophy emphasize a separation between science and religion? END
START what philosophers placed revelation above reason? END
START who were the first theologies of islam? END
START who said the koran must be subordinate to reason? END
START what focused on a link between reason and freedom of action? END
START the rise of what was based on modern scholars views and science? END
START what group challenged the hellenic view of islam? END
START what must reason be subordinate to according to mutazilite philosophers? END
START what process did speculative theologians use to find truth? END
START the clashes between ehl-i sunna and shia had what kind of character?  END
START islamic political philosophy was rooted in what sources?  END
START what is taken as the basis of an analysis? END
START what political philosophy was rooted in theology? END
START what are the religious conceptions of islam? END
START what clashed up until the seventh and eighth century? END
START what is the religious conception of islam taken as? END
START what kind of character did the clashes between bajjah and rushd have in the 7th and 8th centuries? END
START what sources are avicenna based on? END
START how did the ilah generally suppose islamic philosophy was rooted? END
START what did ehl-i-sunna and shia pose regarding islam? END
START what do the ideas of general political character give proof of in early islamic history? END
START what was heavily influenced by christian thinking? END
START medieval political philosophy had much in common with what type of thinking? END
START who was the most influential political philosopher of medieval europe?  END
START what influenced medieval politics? END
START what did roman catholics subordinate theology too? END
START how did christian thinking differ from mutazalite islamic thinking? END
START who emphasize the harmony absent in reason and revelation? END
START what medieval philosopher help to write some of aristotle's works? END
START what was mutazalite islamic thinking influenced by in europe? END
START who was the most influential asharite in medieval europe? END
START what did averroes help reintroduce in europe? END
START what was the effect of averroes uses of aristotle's works in europe? END
START who was the most influential political philosopher who made the commentaries of averroes? END
START what was one of the most influential works during the period?  END
START when was niccolo machiavelli's the prince published?  END
START who wrote the  prince? END
START who was well known for his theory of the social contract? END
START what influential work was written in 1532? END
START what was published just before machiavelli died? END
START the prince and what other work influenced medieval political thought? END
START what was written to free the mattice family from exile? END
START who is known for their theory of social contract in the 1700s? END
START what did thomas hobbes write  between 1511-1512? END
START after what year did jean-jacques rousseau die? END
START what did di medici do for the west? END
START who expelled hobbes from florence? END
START what group did thomas hobbes support more than the other? END
START what would refer to a set of enduring institutions through which power would be distributed and its use justified?  END
START what refers to a specific group of people who occupied the institutions of the state? END
START society has been considered subject to natural laws akin to what? END
START what two questions joined the concepts of state and government? END
START what term referred to a set of temporary institutions through which power could be distributed in its use justified? END
START what term referred to individuals who created laws and ordinances by which other people would be bound? END
START what conceptual distinction continues to operate in science? END
START what has been believed society is subject to since the 1700s? END
START what is one question government was driven by? END
START what has happened since power was distributed and justified in europe? END
START what theistic thinking led to a division between state and government? END
START what society not organized into states continues to operate today? END
START what does the rest of europe argue about political action? END
START the concept of the guild was subordinated to the theory of what? END
START what increasingly challenged the roman catholic dominance of theology? END
START the enlightenment was an outright attack on what? END
START who was the most outspoken critic of the church in france? END
START the concept of guild was superior to what theory? END
START the roman catholic church was subordinate to what? END
START the allotment was an evolution of what? END
START who is the most outspoken supporter of the church in france? END
START after who philosophy was never the same again in france? END
START what concept was the enlightenment subordinated  to? END
START who challenged voltaire's dominance of theology? END
START what were political and economic relations an attack on? END
START who was an outspoken critic of the theory of free trade? END
START after the concept of the guild, what happened to religion in france? END
START in what area did these ideological reforms not take place until much later? END
START whose philosophy gave much to christian thought of the time? END
START who was a great admirer of some of the methods of the iroquois confederacy? END
START what area did ideological reforms take place much earlier? END
START where in the new world was this doctrine spread? END
START who modeled some of the methods of the huron? END
START whose literature emphasize the religious philosophy of the natives? END
START what did aztec civilizations inspire in the us? END
START what did early mohican literature focus on? END
START who admired the methods of the incan confederacy? END
START what happened when methods of the iroquois confederacy were introduced to the ottoman empire? END
START what viewpoint influenced doctrine within the new world at the time? END
START who was responsible for the work two treatises of government? END
START locke refuted whose political theory? END
START according to locke, an absolute ruler is proposed by hobbes is what? END
START who critique the work two treaties of government? END
START what did sir robert filmer could be found through contractual obligation? END
START which of john locke's theories was a passing fancy? END
START what theory of machiavelli and hobbes did lock except? END
START what did aquinas believe came into this world is a tabula rasa? END
START what work did sir rober filmer write? END
START what theory was ridiculed by aquinas? END
START what did locke accept that machiavelli and hobbes also believed? END
START what did sir robert filmer believe about man's mind at birth? END
START what did hobbes believe about gaining knowledge? END
START who developed the marxist critique of capitalism? END
START what was one of the defining ideological movements of the twentieth century? END
START what produced a parallel revolution in political thought? END
START who developed liberalism and fascism? END
START what revolution was parallel but urbanization and capitalism? END
START what movement formed in the mid-1900s? END
START whose theory of revolution is similar to immanuel kant's philosophy of history? END
START who were established members of the political landscape by the late 1900s? END
START what political system was supported by capitalism? END
START what revolutionaries used mikhail bakunin's theories in the 20th century? END
START by the turn of the 20th century what two groups were established politically? END
START in the late 19th century what two ideas were becoming prominent in the anglo-american world? END
START what was a defining movement of the twentieth century against capitalism, created by vladamir lenin? END
START what was a watershed event in human history? END
START when was the russian revolution? END
START what brought communism? END
START what did ludwig von mises and friedrich hayek run? END
START what changed because of leninism? END
START when did universal suffrage i begin? END
START what did social democratic parties do after communism was introduced? END
START what did european countries lead that identified the inspirations behind new government doctrines? END
START what was identified as being different types of luxemburgism? END
START who published a theory of justice?  END
START what did john rawls publish? END
START what continent saw a huge blossoming of political philosophy? END
START the events of may 1968 led to an increased interest in what? END
START from the end of wwii until 1971 what declined in china? END
START what was continental europe skeptical about? END
START what did marxism turn towards from the end of wwii until 1971? END
START in the 1950's and 1960's what group was interested in revolutionary ideology? END
START what immigrants to the us and britain encouraged studies in marxism? END
START what remained an important focus during the 1950s and 1960s? END
START there was a marked trend towards what type of approach to political issues? END
START who wrote the racial contract? END
START who wrote the sexual contract? END
START what was a political exclusion in the 1950's and 1960's? END
START what was the trend towards dealing with racism? END
START what did utilitarianism lead to in the developed world? END
START what did the communism mention about who was excluded in society? END
START what was one approach to the debate about colonialism? END
START what did john rawsl publish? END
START who published a theory of justice? END
START when was a theory of justice published? END
START who wrote anarchy, state, and utopia? END
START what did robert nozick write in 1971? END
START what did john rawls write in 1974? END
START what award did john rawls's book win? END
START what is robert nozick's book considered in american philosophy? END
START what viewpoint did john rawls have when responding to rober nozick? END
START herbert marcuse was from what school? END
START thinkers out of the frankfurt school combined marxian and what other perspective? END
START who in particular moved a marxist analysis of commodity fetishism to the realm of consumption?  END
START what thinkers came out of the foucault school? END
START what points-of-view did anglo-americans combine? END
START what were thinkers influenced by when they emphasized consumerism? END
START who took marxist commodity fetishism to the realm of cultural emphasis? END
START what happened in europe that led to criticism of hegel between 1950 and 1980? END
START what is often considered valuable for generating a new set of philosophical problems?  END
START what type of control do communitarians tend to support? END
START what type of economic and social policies do communitarians tend to support? END
START what is valuable for creating greater local control? END
START what does political theory tend to support in communities? END
START what type of policies do individuals support? END
START what did a clash of perspective develop around? END
START who argues that individuals should have political focus? END
START when did republicanism and the capability approach arise? END
START what aims to provide an alternate definition of liberty from isaiah berlin's positive and negative forms of liberty? END
START mahbub ul haq and amartya sen pioneered what approach? END
START when did the perspectives jurist and non-interference appear? END
START to a liberal, what is the state of a political perspective that is not interfered with?  END
START what is the approach of republicanism as developed by mahbub ul haq and amartya sen? END
START how do both political perspectives treat arbitrary will? END
START what does the economist movement look to define in a different way? END
START what is an alloy? END
START what are alloys defined by? END
START when are zintl considered alloys? END
START what is solid solution metal elements classified as? END
START what is always a mixture of metal and other elements? END
START what is defined by its atomic bonding character? END
START what type of solution has a single phase in two or more solutions? END
START what type of phases are always considered to be alloys? END
START what kind of substance is an alloy? END
START what happens when an alloy is mixed with a molten base? END
START what is an alloy composed of? END
START what other metal is impure like alloy? END
START what is a mixture of impure substances? END
START what is a pure substance that retains the characteristics of a metal? END
START what desirable characteristic doesn't alloy and an impure metal have? END
START mixing any to what produces an alloy END
START what other metal is pure like an alloy? END
START how is steel produced? END
START what kind of metal is soft like copper? END
START what can be added to steel to enhance is corrosion resistance? END
START what is superior to pure iron? END
START what is another word for when alloys solidify? END
START what is produced by adding metallic carb and iron? END
START what type of metal is hardly copper? END
START what makes steel more corrosive? END
START the characteristics of what stay the same as it cools? END
START what is aluminum alloy the most common of? END
START what causes an alloy to form a solid solution? END
START what is the purpose of intermetallic phases? END
START what are alloys called when the insoluble elements don't separate until after crystallization occurs? END
START what is always soluble as a solid and illiquid? END
START what are not soluble when solid? END
START what happens to an alloy if the medical support insoluble when solid? END
START what are alloys called when the soluble elements separate after crystallization occurs? END
START what do the crystals intermetallic alloys support? END
START what is electrum made of? END
START what alloy is formed naturally?  END
START which was on of the first alloys made by humans? END
START what metal is made by combining tin and copper? END
START around what time where alloys starting to get made by humans? END
START what is a man-made alloy of silver and gold? END
START meteorites contain what alloy native to earth? END
START iron and what metal formed the first alloy made by humans? END
START what did humans start making in the 1900s? END
START what adds desired impurities to modern steel? END
START the matrix and the solvent are other names for what? END
START what is another name for solutes? END
START what is the name of an alloy that has  four constituents? END
START a five-part alloy is known as? END
START what term describes a mixture of atoms that include at least some metal? END
START what is another name for the primary metal or solute in an alloy? END
START an alloy with five what is called a quaternary alloy? END
START what type of alloy contains ten constituents? END
START what is a characteristic of iron sulfide? END
START what makes pure metals impure metals? END
START what are the three common impurities in aluminum alloys? END
START using fluxes and chemical additives during the alloying process does what? END
START what is the term for desired elements in an alloy? END
START what is a rare impurity in steel? END
START lithium, sodium and what other elements are common in steel? END
START chemical what are used during alloying to add impurities? END
START what element from the air does not easily combined with most metals? END
START what is the name of a common alloy? END
START what is something on a car that sometimes is made of alloy? END
START steel and other very practical metals are also named what? END
START aluminum alloy is sometimes used as a synonym for what? END
START why are some items made of iron only referred to by name? END
START what can be done to a metal to enhance its properties? END
START pure metals have a higher electrical and thermal conductivity than what? END
START when copper and tin is mixed, what is made? END
START when was the bronze age? END
START copper and zinc combine to make what? END
START what is done by combining one or more metals and removing nonmetals? END
START what has a higher electrical and thermal conductivity then pure metals? END
START what is made by mixing copper and iron? END
START what is combined with tin to make brass? END
START who do smaller atoms exert a compressive force on? END
START what kind of treatment can be made to alter it's properties? END
START softening metals can be achieved by? END
START aluminium, copper, magnesium, titanium, and nickel can be strengthened by? END
START annealling softens metals by achieving what? END
START what is made to stabalize the properties of base metals? END
START |creating defects in what softens a metal? END
START what does recrystalization make permanent? END
START what does annealing harden? END
START what does annealing cause defects in? END
START what is the name of steel when it is being formed of two phases? END
START what are the two phases when steel becomes heterogenous? END
START what are the characteristics of steel if it is cooled to quickly? END
START soft and bendable steel is caused by what? END
START allotrophy happens between what temperatures? END
START what changes when steel reaches 870°f? END
START what is it called iron crystals enter carbon atoms? END
START what becomes brittle if it's cool too slowly? END
START steel that is cool too quickly is soft and what? END
START where's the carbon atom trapped when steel is called slowly? END
START precipitation hardening alloys produce the opposite effects of? END
START precipitation hardening alloys are sometimes also? END
START what makes alloys more softer than normal? END
START what do precipitation hardening alloys behave similarly to? END
START what alloys become softer when cooled slowly? END
START what alloys soften with age? END
START what type of alloys become soft and brittle? END
START what are easy to discern from the base metal? END
START bronze and brass are examples of what? END
START tin or zinc atoms in place of copper atoms create? END
START what is the name of one interstitial alloy? END
START stainless steel is an example of what two alloys? END
START what is formed when molten metal is separated from other substances? END
START what is it called when the atoms of the other constituent are substituted with metallic crystals? END
START what is formed by substituting tin or zinc atoms with copper? END
START what two alloys is still a combination of? END
START what was one of the first alloys used by humans? END
START what is meteoric iron composed of? END
START what can forged meteoric iron make? END
START where does meteoric iron come from? END
START how does meteoric iron come to earth? END
START what was the first man-made alloy used by humans? END
START what was used to separate the iron and nickelin meteoric iron? and END
START what was formed from meteoric iron using hot hammering? END
START what kind of iron was readily available to people? END
START where is the only iron deposit on earth? END
START around what time did bronze start being formed? END
START what does copper and zinc form to make? END
START where is tin mostly found? END
START which metal important to the ancients is the hardest one? END
START what is usually found his iron ore in greenland? END
START what kind of copper is rare on earth? END
START what was used to make tools in jewelry before neolithic times? END
START what did humans began alloying around 2500 a.d.? END
START what was rare in great britain? END
START what does mercury make most metals do? END
START since when have amalgams been used? END
START what did ancient romans use to gild their armor? END
START gold and silver were extracted from their ores by using? END
START what is cinnabar smelted from? END
START amalgams melt mercury in what metals? END
START what have been used since 200 a.d. in china? END
START what is used to plate objects with common metals? END
START what did the chinese use for gilding their armor? END
START ancient civilizations often alloyed metals for what reason? END
START red gold is made by combining gold with? END
START  around what time was the archimedes' principle discovered? END
START who shouted "eureka!" while checking the purity of a crown? END
START buyers were often deceived when precious metals were mixed with? END
START who alloyed metals for utilitarian purposes? END
START what is produced when gold is alloyed with tin? END
START ten is often added to what to make sterling silver? END
START softer silver was used for what practical items? END
START what was archimedes commissioned to do in 250 a.d.? END
START pewter is mostly made up of? END
START why was tin was rarely used for everyday use? END
START during the bronze age, which metal was valued higher than gold in europe and the mediterranean? END
START what was done to tin to make it stronger? END
START what metals were alloyed with tin to make it stronger? END
START what alloys consist primarily of lead? END
START what was tend to rare to be used for? END
START where was gold the highest valued metal during the bronze age?  END
START what practical items were made from tin without solutes END
START where did smelting of iron begin? END
START when did the smelting of iron first begin? END
START when did iron making technology begin in japan? END
START pig iron is composed of iron and what else? END
START what makes pig iron different from regular iron? END
START where was bronze first smelted END
START what smelting process was developed in 800 a.d.? END
START what technology arrived in europe in 1800 bc END
START where did iron technology arrived in 700 bc? END
START what was being produced in china in 1200 a.d.? END
START heat treatment of steel has been know since what time? END
START when did iron start to become melted by people? END
START who created the first process for the mass production of tool steel? END
START when did benjamin huntsman begin to melt blister steel in a crucible END
START what became more widespread in 1280 bc?  END
START the softness of what could be modified in 1100 bc? END
START what common material was valued for the manufacturing of tools and weapons? END
START what was produced in decent quantities starting in 1100 bc? END
START what process was used for manufacturing tool steel until the nineteenth century? END
START what did the blast furnace help do to pig iron in the middle ages? END
START by reducing carbon in liquid pig iron, what was created? END
START when did puddling start occurring? END
START when was the bessemer process developed? END
START steel and manganese combines form to make what? END
START what allowed wrought iron to be produced in larger quantities than pig iron during the middle ages? END
START what was created by reducing carbon in liquid wrought iron? END
START what was introduced during the seventeenth century? END
START in what year did henry bessemer create mangalloy? END
START what steel alloy was created by henry bessemer? END
START who discovered precipitation hardening alloys? END
START when were precipitation hardening alloys discovered? END
START what happens to precipitation hardening alloys after they quenched? END
START one of the first "age hardening" alloys used were called? END
START what was used in the construction of modern aircraft? END
START what is done to make precipitation hardening alloys hardened immediately? END
START what term refers to cooling over time? END
START who discovered precipitation hardening alloys in 1919? END
START what phenomenon was explained in 1906? END
START what was used in the construction of early aircraft's? END
START in what ocean is norfolk island found? END
START how far away is the nearest land mass to norfolk island? END
START what is the capital city of norfolk island? END
START how many people live on norfolk island? END
START how far away is evans head from norfolk island? END
START what ocean is norfolk island relocated from? END
START how far away is the furthest land mass to norfolk island? END
START what is the only city of norfolk island? END
START how many people have left norfolk island? END
START which island has no capital city? END
START who was norfolk island colonised by? END
START what purpose did norfolk island serve for the majority of the time from 1788 until 1855? END
START what date did civilians begin to permanently reside in norfolk island? END
START where did the first permanent civilians of norfolk island settle from in 1856? END
START in what year did the uk hand norfolk island over to australia to administrate? END
START who was norfolk island destroyed by? END
START what purpose did norfolk island avoid for the majority of the time from 1788 until 1855? END
START what date did civilians begin to permanently leave norfolk island? END
START where were the first permanent civilians of norfolk island banned from in 1856? END
START what year did the uk hand norfolk island over to america to administrate? END
START in what year did the british government include norfolk island as a auxiliary settlement? END
START who proposed the idea to include norfolk island as a british auxiliary settlement in 1786? END
START in including norfolk island as an auxiliary settlement, what australian state did the british government plan to colonise? END
START what woman influenced the decision by the british to settle norfolk island? END
START where was the majority of the hemp and flax used by the royal navy imported from? END
START what year did the german government include norfolk island as a auxiliary settlement? END
START who rejected the idea to include norfolk island as a british auxiliary settlement in 1786? END
START what german state did the british government plan to colonise while including norfolk island as an auxiliary settlement? END
START what woman influenced the decision by the russians to settle norfolk island? END
START where was the majority of the cheese and wine used by the royal navy imported from? END
START when did lieutenant-governor of new south wales francis grose start suggesting norfolk island be closed as a penal settlement? END
START why did francis grose think that norfolk island should be closed as a penal settlement? END
START when did the first group of people leave norfolk island? END
START by 1808, how many people remained on norfolk island? END
START why did a small group of people remain on norfolk island, after others had already left? END
START when did lieutenant-governor of new south wales francis grose start suggesting norfolk island be permanently opened as a penal settlement? END
START why did francis grose think that norfolk island should be kept as a penal settlement? END
START when did the first group of people save norfolk island? END
START how many people died on norfolk island by 1808? END
START why did one person remain on norfolk island, after others had already left? END
START who instructed the governor of new south wales thomas brisbane to send the worst convicts to norfolk island? END
START what previous disadvantage of norfolk island was seen as an advantage for holding male convicts? END
START what were the prisoners on norfolk island spared from on the the mainland? END
START how many convicts are listed in the database at norfolk island? END
START what was the average length of a prisoner's detention at norfolk island? END
START who blocked the governor of new south wales thomas brisbane from sending the worst convicts to norfolk island? END
START what previous disadvantage of norfolk island was seen as an advantage for holding female convicts? END
START what were the prisoners on norfolk island condemned to on the mainland? END
START how many convicts are no longer listed in the database at norfolk island? END
START what was the average length of a prisoner's escape at norfolk island? END
START who were the next settlement of people on norfolk island descended from? END
START where did the next settlement of people on norfolk island settle from? END
START on may 3, 1856, how many pitcairners left for norfolk island? END
START what was the name of the ship the pitcairners traveled on to norfolk island? END
START what trades did the pitcairners establish while on norfolk island? END
START who were the next settlement of people on norfolk island restricted from? END
START where did the next settlement of people on norfolk island bomb? END
START how many of the pitcairners arrived at norfolk island on may 3, 1856? END
START what was the name of the canoe the pitcairners traveled on to norfolk island? END
START what trades did the pitcairners punish while on norfolk island? END
START when was the commonwealth of australia created? END
START during what major event did norfolk island become an important airbase and refuelling station? END
START who contructed the airbase used on norfolk island during world war ii? END
START norfolk island fell under whose responsibility during world war ii? END
START when did n force leave norfolk island during the time of world war ii? END
START when was the commonwealth of australia hidden? END
START what minor event did norfolk island become an important airbase and refueling station during? END
START who removed the airbase used on norfolk island during world war ii? END
START whose responsibility did norfolk island avoid during world war ii? END
START when did n force leave norfolk island during the time of world war i? END
START  what lead to norfolk island asking for assistance from australia in 2010? END
START what benefit were residents of norfolk island told they would receive as a result of australia's assistance? END
START what actually ended up happening after norfolk island asked australia for help? END
START an agreement was finally signed in canberra on march 12, 2015, to do what for norfolk island? END
START what percentage of norfolk island voters were against the changes brought by australia? END
START what lead to norfolk island asking for assistance from russia in 2010? END
START what benefit were residents of norfolk island told they would receive as a result of russia's assistance? END
START what actually ended up happening after norfolk island asked russia for help? END
START what agreement was never signed in canberra on march 12, 2015? END
START what percentage of norfolk island voters were against the changes brought by russia? END
START what part of the pacific ocean is norfolk island located? END
START what direction is norfolk island in relation to australia? END
START what are the coordinates for norfolk island? END
START what is the name of the mountain at norfolk island's highest point? END
START what is the name of the second largest island of the territory of norfolk island? END
START what part of the atlantic ocean is norfolk island located? END
START what direction is norfolk island no longer in relation to australia? END
START what are the fake coordinates for norfolk island? END
START what is the name of the mountain at norfolk island's lowest point? END
START what is the name of the second worst island of the territory of norfolk island? END
START what is the coastline of norfolk made of? END
START where is the site of the original colonial settlement of kingston, norfolk islands, currently located? END
START how are goods imported to norfolk island? END
START where are imported goods usually sent on norfolk island? END
START where can you go to surf on norfolk island? END
START what is the center of norfolk made of? END
START where is the site of the original colonial settlement of kingston, norfolk islands, going to be relocated? END
START how are goods stolen from norfolk island? END
START where are imported goods usually stolen on norfolk island? END
START where can you illegally surf on norfolk island? END
START how many plants can only be found on norfolk island? END
START how many of the plants that can only be found on norfolk island are rare or threatened? END
START where can the tallest tree-fern in the world be found? END
START what was the majority of norfolk island covered with, before european colonization? END
START how much of the rainforest remains in norfolk island today? END
START how many plants can only be eaten on norfolk island? END
START how many of the plants that can only be found on norfolk island are extinct? END
START where can the smallest tree-fern in the world be found? END
START what was the majority of norfolk island covered with, after european colonization? END
START how much of the rainforest was lost in norfolk island today? END
START what type of bird does norfolk island have few of? END
START what is one reason that has caused many of the birds of norfolk island to become extinct? END
START what is the second thing that caused many of the birds of norfolk island to become extinct? END
START what non-bird animals caused the bird populations of norfolk island to suffer? END
START what non-native birds caused the bird populations of norfolk island to suffer? END
START what type of bird does norfolk island have billions of? END
START what is one reason that has caused many of the birds of norfolk island to thrive? END
START what is the second thing that caused many of the birds of norfolk island to thrive? END
START what non-bird animals caused the bird populations of norfolk island to celebrate? END
START what non-native birds caused the bird populations of norfolk island to be happy? END
START what island in the norfolk island group is home to breeding seabirds? END
START what near extinct bird of norfolk island has shown signs of population increase? END
START where has the providence petrel been seen breeding on norfolk island? END
START what other types of petrels breed on phillip island? END
START what is the sooty tern known as on norfolk island? END
START what island in the norfolk island group is home to bioluminescent seabirds? END
START what near extinct bird of norfolk island has shown signs of population decrease? END
START where has the providence petrel never been seen breeding on norfolk island? END
START what other types of petrels are extinct on phillip island? END
START what used to be abundant in the waters around norfolk island? END
START when did commercial sea hunts on norfolk island stop operating? END
START what are some species of whales that can be seen around norfolk island today? END
START what other species can be seen close to the shores of norfolk island? END
START what type of whales were once common in norfolk island, but hardly any remain today? END
START what was never abundant in the waters around norfolk island? END
START when did amateur sea hunts on norfolk island stop operating? END
START what are some species of extinct whales that can currently be seen on norfolk island today? END
START what other species can only be seen far away from the shores of norfolk island? END
START what type of whales were once rare near norfolk island, but many exist today? END
START christians make up what percentage of the population of norfolk island? END
START who was the first chaplain of norfolk island? END
START what type of church was formed after rev g.h. nobbs' death in 1884? END
START who led norfolk island's first seventh-day adventist church?  END
START typical church congregations on norfolk island as of 2010 don't exceed what number? END
START what percentage of the population of norfolk island do christians avoid? END
START who was the first chaplain of norfolk island to be exiled? END
START what type of church was forbidden after rev g.h. nobbs' death in 1882? END
START who led norfolk island's first sixth-day adventist church? END
START what number is always exceeded by typical church congregations on norfolk island as of 2010? END
START what languages do residents of norfolk island speak? END
START what is the norfuk language a mixture of? END
START the norfuk language of norfolk island was first spoken by whom? END
START what is the official co-language of norfolk island? END
START what part of the residents of norfolk island could speak norfuk as of 2011? END
START what languages do residents of norfolk island restrict? END
START what is the norfuk language not influenced by? END
START what is the unofficial co-language of norfolk island? END
START what portion of the residents of norfolk island don't understand any norfuk as of 2011? END
START what is the only non-mainland australian territory that is governed by itself? END
START what is the name of the act that formerly governed norfolk island? END
START what is the name of the new act that governs norfolk island, passed in 2015? END
START who is the current administrator of norfolk island? END
START during 1979-2015, legislative assembly terms lasted no longer than how many years? END
START what is one of only two non-mainland australian territories that is governed by itself? END
START what is the name of the act that will govern norfolk island? END
START what is the name of the new act that governs norfolk island, passed in 2016? END
START who is the future administrator of norfolk island? END
START the assembly of norfolk island is made of how many seats? END
START what method of voting does norfolk island use for it's assembly? END
START four members of the assembly made up what council, responsible for devising policy for norfolk island? END
START who was the last chief minister of norfolk island? END
START what is the official name for the minister in charge of tourism on norfolk island? END
START how many seats does the assembly of norfolk island eliminate? END
START what method of voting does norfolk island forbid for it's assembly? END
START what council do three members of the assembly consist of that are responsible for devising policy for norfolk island? END
START who was the only chief minister of norfolk island? END
START what is the official name for the king in charge of tourism on norfolk island? END
START how many models did australia propose to norfolk island's legislative assembly? END
START what would the more severe of the proposed plans threaten to reduce norfolk island's assembly to? END
START when did the australian government end their review on norfolk island? END
START the australian government said that changes to norfolk island's government would cause what? END
START how many models did australia end as part of norfolk island's legislative assembly? END
START what would the more severe of the proposed plans threaten to promote norfolk island's assembly to? END
START when did the european government end their review on norfolk island? END
START what did the australian government say that changes to norfolk island's government would not cause? END
START when did the commonwealth of australia announce that norfolk island would no longer be governed by itself? END
START what did the commonwealth want to replace the norfolk island government with? END
START from what state did the proposed council come from? END
START what benefits would norfolk island residents receive as a result of the new council? END
START what would norfolk island residents have to start paying as a result of the new council? END
START when did the commonwealth of australia announce that norfolk island would always be governed by itself? END
START what did the commonwealth want to combine the norfolk island government with? END
START what state did the proposed council dismiss? END
START what benefits would norfolk island residents lose as a result of the new council? END
START what would norfolk island residents have to stop paying as a result of the new council? END
START when did the legislative assembly of norfolk island vote regarding the proposed australian reforms? END
START how many norfolk island residents voted on may 8, 2015? END
START what percentage of norfolk island residents voted in favor of self-governance? END
START who is norfolk island's chief minister? END
START according to lisle snell, australian parliament thought that abolishing norfolk island's self-governance would be what? END
START when did the legislative assembly of norfolk island vote regarding the proposed chinese reforms? END
START how many norfolk island residents lost their vote on may 8, 2015? END
START what percentage of norfolk island residents voted in favor of worse-governance? END
START  who is norfolk island's chief wizard? END
START norfolk island was originally a what? END
START norfolk island became a territory of what country? END
START under what act was norfolk island accepted as a territory of australia? END
START who decided in 1976 that norfolk island is a part of the commonwealth? END
START what was a necessary qualification for voting in norfolk island? END
START what was norfolk island against being? END
START what country did norfolk island became a city of? END
START what act was norfolk island rejected as a territory of australia? END
START who decided in 1974 that norfolk island is a part of the commonwealth? END
START what was an unnecessary qualification for voting in norfolk island? END
START what has been heavily restricted in norfolk island, until recently? END
START when were the immigration protocols relaxed in norfolk island? END
START what aided in the relaxation of immigration protocols to norfolk island? END
START what must australian and new zealand citizens do in order to apply for residency in norfolk island?  END
START when will the australian migration system replace norfolk island's immigration policies? END
START what has been heavily encouraged in norfolk island, until recently? END
START when were the immigration protocols made more strict in norfolk island? END
START what damaged the relaxation of immigration protocols to norfolk island? END
START what must australian and new zealand citizens avoid in order to apply for residency in norfolk island? END
START when will the russian migration system replace norfolk island's immigration policies? END
START what automatic right do australian citizens and residents have on norfolk island after meeting the criteria in immigration (amendment no. 2) act 2012? END
START what do australian citizens need in order to travel to norfolk island? END
START what do citizens from other nations need in order to travel to norfolk island? END
START when someone has an australian visa and they want to travel to norfolk island, where must they depart? END
START what will happen to travelers with an australian visa who don't depart from the australian migration zone?  END
START what automatic right do australian citizens and residents lose on norfolk island after meeting the criteria in immigration (amendment no. 2) act 2012? END
START what do australian citizens need in order to talk about norfolk island? END
START what do citizens from other nations need in order to talk about norfolk island? END
START when someone has an american visa and they want to travel to norfolk island, where must they depart? END
START what will happen to travelers with an american visa who don't depart from the australian migration zone? END
START what act declares non-australian residents "outside of australia" while they are on norfolk island? END
START what does a non-australian citizen who is a resident need to return from norfolk island to the mainland? END
START as far as australian nationality law goes, norfolk island is considered a part of what? END
START according to australian nationality law, time spent by a permanent australian resident on norfolk island will do what? END
START what act declares non-australian residents "inside of australia" while they are on norfolk island? END
START what does a non-american citizen who is a resident need to return from norfolk island to the mainland? END
START what is norfolk island considered separate from as far as australian nationality law goes? END
START what island is no longer considered part of australia? END
START what is the name of the only medical center on norfolk island? END
START what are visitors of norfolk island recommended to purchase? END
START where are norfolk island patients who need serious treatment flown to? END
START who handles serious medical emergencies on norfolk island? END
START who staffs the one ambulance available on norfolk island? END
START what is one of many medical centers on norfolk island? END
START what are visitors of norfolk island recommended to sell? END
START where are norfolk island patients who need serious treatment imprisoned? END
START who handles non-serious medical emergencies on norfolk island? END
START who broke the one ambulance available on norfolk island? END
START what services do norfolk island residents believe should be made available from the norfolk island's eez profit? END
START what is norfolk island's only major natural resource? END
START what is the name of the area residents of norfolk island are permitted to fish recreationally? END
START what is speculated to be available in norfolk island's eez zone? END
START what percentage of norfolk island is a permanent pasture? END
START what services do norfolk island residents believe should be made unavailable from the norfolk island's eez profit? END
START what is norfolk island's only resource? END
START what is the name of the area residents of norfolk island are permitted to fish illegally? END
START what is speculated to be forbidden in norfolk island's eez zone? END
START what percentage of norfolk island is no longer a permanent pasture? END
START norfolk island inhabitants and visitors don't pay what? END
START who is the chief minister of norfolk island? END
START what reason did david buffett give for norfolk island surrendering its' tax-free status? END
START when will income tax be introduced on norfolk island? END
START what type of services were norfolk island inhabitants unable to receive prior to this announcement? END
START what do norfolk island inhabitants and visitors always pay? END
START who is the chief master of norfolk island? END
START what reason did david buffett give for norfolk island keeping its' tax-free status? END
START when will income tax be removed by norfolk island? END
START what type of services were norfolk island inhabitants unable to receive after this announcement? END
START how many main telephone lines were being used on norfolk island, as of 2004? END
START how many analog telephone lines were being used on norfolk island, as of 2004? END
START how many local radio stations does norfolk island have?  END
START what is the name of norfolk island's only tv station? END
START what is norfolk island's internet country code top-level domain? END
START how many main telephone lines were being stolen on norfolk island as of 2004? END
START how many analog telephone lines were being removed on norfolk island as of 2004? END
START how many local radio stations does norfolk island ban? END
START what is the name of norfolk island's only phone? END
START what is no longer norfolk island's internet country code top-level domain? END
START where are loading jetties found on norfolk island? END
START how is a supply ship unloaded when it reaches norfolk island?  END
START what determines the jetty that's used by supply ships to norfolk island? END
START where can you find the often-used jetty on norfolk island? END
START who can usually be found watching supply ships unload at norfolk island? END
START where are loading jetties crashed on norfolk island? END
START how is a supply ship flying when it reaches norfolk island? END
START what has no influence on the jetty that's used by supply ships to norfolk island? END
START where can you find the rarely-used jetty on norfolk island? END
START who can never be found watching supply ships unload at norfolk island? END
START where was burke born? END
START what was burke's mother's maiden name? END
START when did burke's mother die? END
START when did burke's father die? END
START when did burke's ancestors arrive in ireland? END
START what city was mary nee nagle born in? END
START when was richard burke born? END
START what is the latinised form of the last name burke? END
START when did henry ii invade england? END
START who converted into catholicism? END
START when did burke begin attending trinity college dublin? END
START what type of people did trinity college dublin not allow to earn degrees there? END
START when did edmund burke start a debate club? END
START what club did edmund burke's debate club merge with in 1770? END
START when did edmund burke graduate? END
START when was trinity college dublin established? END
START in what year did trinity college ban catholics? END
START who did edmund burke's club split from? END
START what group of people did middle temple refuse to grant degrees to? END
START what year did burke abandon law? END
START which bishop didn't realize the satirical nature of burke's book? END
START which lord didn't realize the satirical nature of burke's book? END
START when was the 2nd edition of burke's book published? END
START where did burke make it clear that his book was a satire? END
START what did bolingbroke argue for? END
START what did lord chesterfield believe bolingbroke's arguments could also apply to? END
START what did critics particularly protest of burke's work? END
START what did burke note in the preface of the first edition of the book? END
START which bishop wrote the preface for burke's book? END
START who thought that burke's imitation was too perfect to be effective ridicule? END
START why did a few scholars think burke hadn't intended his book as a satire yet later claimed it was a satire? END
START whose principles did burke imitate? END
START what did richard hurd claim made burke's satire perfect? END
START what is the name of one of the scholars who believe burke wrote the vindication in earnest? END
START what is the name of the book richard hurd wrote? END
START why did hurd believe burke's imitation was near perfect? END
START whose principles did l. bol imitate? END
START when did burke sign a contract for a history of england? END
START how many words long was burke's history of england contracted to be? END
START how many pages long was burke's history of england contracted to be? END
START when was burke's history of england published? END
START which author's history of england being published before burke's might have dissuaded burke from continuing his? END
START what is the name of david hume's history? END
START what critic praised the frenchness of burke's text? END
START when was hume's history of england published? END
START how long was the book robert dodsley wrote? END
START how many words was lord acton's commentary? END
START what publication did burke found? END
START the annual register covered international events of what type? END
START burke was the only known writer for the register until what year? END
START burke was the chief editor for the register until at least what year? END
START who wrote a biography of burke? END
START what was founded the year before the contract? END
START whose biography did burke write? END
START when did burke become the chief editor? END
START who wrote dodsley's biography? END
START dodsley was the only writer for the register until what year? END
START what was william gerard hamilton's nickname? END
START who was william gerard hamilton's private secretary? END
START when did burke become the prime minister's private secretary? END
START who invited burke to join the freemasons? END
START what political party was charles, marquess of rockingham in? END
START what was burke's nickname? END
START who was burke's secretary? END
START what country was burke the chief secretary for? END
START what year did burke go with hamilton to dublin? END
START when did hamilton die? END
START who did burke want constitutional limits on the power of? END
START what type of institution did burke think could offer opposition to abuses of power? END
START what type of group were the "king's friends"? END
START what was burke's most important publication about limiting royal power? END
START who wanted to limit the powers of the political parties? END
START what was the name of the paper the neo-tories published? END
START when did burke take the leading role in the debate? END
START what party did burke believe would have strong principles? END
START what were burke and his friends nicknamed? END
START what country did burke propose restricting trade with? END
START what city did burke represent in parliament? END
START when did burke make a motion to restrict irish trade? END
START what was bristol's most important industry? END
START what country did burke wish to decrease trade with? END
START what city supported burke's decisions? END
START when was trade with ireland originally restricted? END
START why did burke say he acquiesced to his constituents? END
START where was burke worried britain might not win a war? END
START how many reasons against violence did burke present? END
START how far away was the potential conflict burke argued against? END
START what area could the american colonists retreat to? END
START who did burke think britain could beat at war? END
START what did burke say was a victory? END
START how many reasons in favor of the use of force did burke present? END
START what type of war did burke endorse for the government? END
START what geographical feature would prevent the americans from retreating? END
START when did lord bathurst die? END
START when did an angel supposedly speak to bathurst? END
START what political position did samuel johnson say would soon poison america? END
START when was lord bathurst born? END
START in samuel johnson's writing, who appeared to a whig? END
START what did bathurst prophesy?  END
START when did samuel johnson die? END
START what mythical creature prophesied to burke? END
START who was impressed by bathurst's prophesy? END
START what political party did johnson claim the angel represented? END
START when did lord north take office? END
START when did lord north leave office? END
START which victories against the americans did the british celebrate? END
START how did burke feel about the british celebrating victories against the americans? END
START when was the american declaration of independence issued? END
START when was lord north born? END
START how did lord north feel about the british celebrations? END
START what states were the americans victorious over britain in? END
START what did burke claim authoritarianism was being changed by? END
START what was published in 1775? END
START where had paymasters been able to get money from directly until 1782? END
START after 1782, where would money from paymasters' withdrawal requests go? END
START whose administration repealed the paymaster general act? END
START when was the paymaster general act passed? END
START when did paymasters begin to get money directly from the hm treasury? END
START who could no longer make withdrawal requests to the bank of england after 1782? END
START how often could paymasters make withdrawals? END
START which administration proposed the paymaster act? END
START the paymaster act allowed paymasters to withdraw funds from what source at their own discretion? END
START what type of government did burke think would be inept? END
START for how many reasons did burke oppose democracy? END
START what did burke think could arouse common people's dangerous passions? END
START what type of impulses did burke think could gain power through commoners' passions? END
START who did burke think protected unpopular minorities? END
START what type of government system did burke favor? END
START how many reasons did burke present for the intelligence of the common people? END
START what group did burke believe would instigate passions of demagogues? END
START who did burke say unpopular minorities protected? END
START what did burke say established religion undermined? END
START when was warren hastings impeached? END
START where was hastings formerly the governor? END
START how long before hastings's trial had britain been dealing with indian unrest? END
START what was burke made chairman of in 1781? END
START when burke said the indian problems 'began in commerce', where did he say the problems ended in? END
START who attempted to impeach burke? END
START when was burke taken to trial? END
START what was hastings the governor of during his impeachment? END
START when did the war with hyder ali begin? END
START who did burke want hastings to recall? END
START when did burke charge hastings for impeachment? END
START what was the impeachment formally called? END
START which house acquitted hastings? END
START which house impeached hastings? END
START like what creature did burke say hastings was 'devouring the dead'? END
START when did hastings present his article against burke? END
START what nickname was burke given for his emotional indignation? END
START what did the house of commons compare hastings to? END
START when did the house of lords impeach hastings? END
START which house acquitted burke? END
START who did parisian women want to return to paris? END
START what was burke's son's name? END
START who requested that burke support the french revolution? END
START when did burke first publicly condemn the french revolution? END
START what did burke condemn in august 1789? END
START when did burke march in versailles? END
START when did burke write to laurence? END
START who did burke want to support the revolution? END
START when did pitt and fox officially denounce the revolution? END
START when did richard price give a sermon to the revolution society? END
START what was the revolution society commemorating? END
START who did price think should see themselves as citizens of the world? END
START what philosophy did price support? END
START what was the name of burke's sermon? END
START when was the revolution society founded? END
START how did burke say englishmen should see themselves? END
START when did burke propose the idea of universal rights for men? END
START when did price read burke's sermon? END
START which of burke's writings was inspired by price's sermon? END
START when did burke publish his reflections on the revolution in france? END
START how many copies did reflections on the revolution in france sell in 2 months? END
START who translated 'reflections on the revolution in france' into french? END
START when was the tenth printing of the french translation of 'reflections on the revolution in france'? END
START what did price draft after his initial sermon? END
START how much did most pamphlets cost at the time? END
START how many copies had sold by june 1791? END
START who translated burke's work from french? END
START what pamphlet was published on 13 february 1790? END
START who did burke say we look up to with awe? END
START who did burke say we look to with affection? END
START who did burke say we look to with reverence? END
START how did burke say we look towards nobility? END
START how did burke say we look towards magistrates? END
START what theory did burke praise? END
START burke claimed that the contract did not affect what groups of people? END
START who did burke say looks to us with reverence? END
START who did burke say owes us duty? END
START who did burke say gives us respect? END
START who was featured in the most well-known part of burke's reflections? END
START who said burke wrote 'pure foppery' about marie-antoinette? END
START who adored burke's chivalry? END
START how did marie-antoinette react to burke's writing about her? END
START what did philip francis call marie-antoinette? END
START when did marie-antoinette read burke's writings? END
START how did marie-antoinette react to edward gibbon's praise? END
START who admired francis's chivalry? END
START who thought the october days were a cowardly attack on the jacobins? END
START who re-translated the reflections into french? END
START which british ministers disagreed with burke's reflections? END
START what political party was charles james fox? END
START what political party was earl fitzwilliam? END
START what political party was richard sheridan? END
START what did charles james fox translate? END
START which whigs publicly endorsed burke? END
START who was the duke of portland? END
START when did john cavendish write to burke? END
START who did the duke of devonshire recommend reflections to? END
START who wrote 'the rights of man'? END
START who wrote 'a vindication of the rights of men'? END
START who said the reflections were "the manifesto of a counter revolution"? END
START who did mackintosh compare burke to? END
START what types of wisdom did mackintosh say burke had? END
START when did mary wollstonecraft publish her response? END
START when did mary meet burke? END
START what did mackintosh claim he had more of than any other writer? END
START who did thomas paine compare burke to? END
START what did paine call reflections? END
START who asked burke for more "very refreshing mental food"? END
START when did burke release 'a letter to a member of the national assembly'? END
START which french philosopher did burke attack? END
START when did rousseau visit britain? END
START who did rousseau stay with when visiting britain? END
START what was burke a member of? END
START what did françois-louis-thibault de menonville publish in april 1791? END
START when did jean-jacques rousseau die? END
START what did rousseau say burke had in regards to understanding human nature? END
START what vice-filled book did hume publish? END
START fox praised revolutionary principles in a debate about which country? END
START what type of power did fox think burke was wrong about? END
START which constitution did burke condemn on may 6, 1791? END
START fox quoted burke's speeches from how long ago? END
START when did parliament debate the quebec bill? END
START who interrupted burke? END
START what type of speech did lord sheffield give in regards to burke? END
START fox quoted his own speeches from how long ago? END
START who condemned the canadian constitution? END
START when did burke leave the whig party? END
START who did burke turn down money from? END
START what did burke say 'envenoms everything it touches'? END
START who thought that fox and burke could still be friends? END
START who thought that fox and burke's friendship was lost? END
START who declined taking money from burke? END
START when did burke leave the party? END
START who kept their friend at the cost of their duty? END
START what did fox say about the french constitution? END
START who overcame his emotions in order to finish his speech? END
START what did burke want the whigs to condemn? END
START what did burke publish on aug 3, 1791? END
START burke thought the french revolution was against whose principles? END
START burke attacked whigs who supported what? END
START what did the whig party want burke to condemn? END
START what pamphlet did fox publish in 3 august 1791? END
START when did burke write that he wanted to represent the whole party? END
START what party did the french revolution condemn? END
START burke believe most party member agreed with which opponent? END
START who thought burke should have written in a more moderate tone? END
START who said he 'perfectly differed from mr. fox'? END
START what was francis basset's political party? END
START how did burke think the whigs secretly felt? END
START who thought burke and fox shouldn't have made their argument public? END
START who did burke want to use more moderate language? END
START what type of whig was fitzwilliam? END
START who claimed to be similar to mr. fox? END
START who did basset send a copy of his letter to? END
START who wanted the argument to go public? END
START who did burke write to on nov 4, 1793? END
START which faction's uprising in la vendee did burke support? END
START who did burke urge to send reinforcements to la vendee? END
START where did burke think la vendee might lead to a march on? END
START what did burke support britain fighting against? END
START who wrote to burke on nov 4, 1793? END
START what faction was burke opposed to in la vendée? END
START when did henry dundas write to burke? END
START whose advice did dundas heed? END
START burke considered supporting the war against the revolution as being against which nation? END
START when did prince charles write to burke? END
START how many foreign supporters did burke think a french royalist was worth? END
START what did burke see as proof of the importance of french royalists? END
START what country was prince charles part of the ruling family of? END
START in what writing did burke comment about the importance of la vendee? END
START who thought burke was not taking the uprising seriously? END
START how many foreigners did burke say twenty frenchman were worth? END
START what region did prince charles use to back up his points?  END
START when did burke enter his majesty's service? END
START who told burke frenchman were worth more than foreigners? END
START when did burke receive a vote of thanks? END
START when did burke's son die? END
START what did king george iii want to make burke an earl of? END
START how much money did burke accept instead of the earlship? END
START who attacked burke for receiving recognition from king george iii? END
START when did burke submit a vote of thanks? END
START who did burke thank in june 1794? END
START when did richard resign? END
START what pension did the duke of bedford receive? END
START who wanted to make richard burke an earl? END
START what was burke's final publication? END
START when was burke's final publication? END
START what did burke think was missing from the french revolutionary government? END
START what did burke think were the french revolutionary government's only goals? END
START what negotiations did burke think were appeasement? END
START what was pitt's last publication? END
START who did burke say had too much individuality? END
START what did burke say was problematic in his first letter? END
START what did burke believe would be good for the national dignity? END
START what did burke think the war with france was against? END
START burke hoped which country wouldn't be partitioned? END
START what kind of empire did burke think the french revolutionaries wanted? END
START who did burke think the war was against, rather than france as a whole? END
START what type of doctrine did burke propose? END
START what country did burke want partitioned? END
START what kind of empire did burke think europe would become? END
START what did burke say france was trying to extend? END
START who did burke write to about the price of corn? END
START who introduced a bill in 1795 about minimum wage? END
START who was the secretary of the board of agriculture? END
START burke's unfinished letter to arthur young became part of what publication? END
START when was 'thoughts and details on scarcity' published? END
START when did pitt write to burke? END
START what bill did fox introduce? END
START what was the subject of the letter arthur young did not complete? END
START what was the name of the letters young published? END
START when did fox die? END
START whose ascendancy did burke think was malignant? END
START what did burke call corporate tyranny in india? END
START which continent did jacobinism affect? END
START when did burke decide indianism was the worst threat? END
START what did burke think was the worst threat in 1795? END
START what did burke think was overrated? END
START who practiced protestant ascendency? END
START what did burke initially call indianism? END
START when did burke decide indianism was not as great of an issue? END
START burke never changed his mind on which ideology, which he called "the greatest evil"? END
START what did burke think was crucial for human life? END
START what did burke think a social hierarchy should be based on? END
START who did burke think a social class structure benefited? END
START who wrote that burke "appealed to property owners"? END
START what did hitchens think burke supported preserving? END
START who was influenced by modern conservatism? END
START what did christopher hitchens believe was essential to human life? END
START what did burke believe kept the classes in check? END
START what did hitchens appeal to? END
START what did burke believe was against the natural order of events? END
START who thought burke was prophetic about the french revolution's consequences? END
START what did francis think burke's writing had too much of? END
START who made speeches very similar to burke's in parliament? END
START when did windham speak against peace with france? END
START when did wordsworth initially attack burke? END
START when did both liberals and conservatives condemn burke? END
START when did fox make a speech against peace with france? END
START besides burke, who were windham's favourite writers? END
START what did burke criticise francis for having too much of in his writing? END
START when did benjamin disraeli say he was deeply affected by burke? END
START what political party was gladstone in? END
START what countries did gladstone think burke was wise about? END
START what was cobden an activist against? END
START lord macaulay thought burke was the best author since whom? END
START who thought burke was like an architect remodeling an old house instead of tearing it down? END
START what law was william ewart gladstone against? END
START which pamphlet did lord acton praise? END
START who did macaulay say was the best man since burke? END
START how many books did lord acton publish on burke? END
START what architect admired burke? END
START who thought burke's trial of hastings was a moral foundation of the british empire? END
START what did burke think the british empire should be governed based on? END
START what did burke call 'a smuggling adventure'? END
START what did burke think had disgraced britain in india? END
START what historian laid the foundations for the morals of the british empire? END
START what did burke say the plan of freedom must be governed by? END
START what did burke say had disgraced india in britain? END
START what did burke nickname his paternalistic doctrine? END
START what kind of doctrine did hastings propose? END
START which church did burke most defend? END
START what did burke think was the foundation of society? END
START what religion was burke's mother? END
START what religion was burke's father? END
START burke thought religion was beneficial to what besides souls? END
START what did burke believe was the foundation of religion? END
START which of burke's parents was an athiest? END
START which of burke's parents was a deist? END
START what did burke believe made political arrangements difficult? END
START burke failed to show concern for what sect of christianity? END
START what was samoa's old name? END
START how many administrative divisions does samoa have? END
START how many little islands are there around savai'i and upolu? END
START what's the name of samoa's capital? END
START about how long ago were the samoan islands discovered? END
START what was lapita formerly known as? END
START what is the capital of lapita? END
START when did the tuto people discover malo and settle there? END
START what are two things the tuto developed when they settled at malo? END
START how many little islands surround malo? END
START in what year did new discoveries change the course of research on samoan origins? END
START in addition to linguistics and genetics, what field of study researches samoan origins? END
START one theory posits that samoans originated from what people during the lapita expansion period? END
START what year marks the end of the period of the terminal eastward lapita expansion? END
START what scientific disciplines are being used to study where the austronesian people came from? END
START during what period did the austronesians migrate from southeast asia and melanesia? END
START why are austronesian origins now being reassessed? END
START from what period is new evidence being used to reassess austronesian origins? END
START whos origins are being studied in research about melanesia? END
START who was the first missionary in samoa? END
START what english organization did john williams belong to? END
START what warring ritual did barbara a. west say the indigenous samoans engaged in? END
START what notable author who lived in samoa called the samoans "gentle people"? END
START in what year did robert louis stevenson die? END
START what work did barbara a. west do in the late 1830's? END
START what group was barbara a. west a member of? END
START what ritual did robert lewis stevenson say that the samoans engaged in? END
START what year did john williams die? END
START what work was written by john williams about the people of samoa? END
START what country sent their military to protect their interests in samoa? END
START for how many years did the civil war in samoa last? END
START how many contenders were vying for power in the war? END
START when did the crucial climax of the civil war occur? END
START what natural disaster put an end to the war in apia harbour? END
START what interests were samoans trying to protect? END
START for how many years did the civil war in britain last? END
START what happened to cause the british civil war to come to an end? END
START how many samoan parties were involved in the war? END
START on what date did the samoans stand and fight for their own interests? END
START what country was in control of samoa up until 1962? END
START during what years was the samoan influenza epidemic? END
START what official organization was responsible for samoa during most of the 20th century? END
START what new label did the department of external affairs receive in 1943? END
START about how much of the total population of samoa died from influenza during the epidemic? END
START for how long did the un control samoa? END
START how much of the new zeland population died from the flu from 1918-1919? END
START what organization was responsible for governing new zeland from 1919-1962? END
START what was the new name of the department of external affairs in 1918? END
START how was new zeland classified when under the league of nations and the un? END
START what decade marked the peak of support for opposition to new zealand's governance? END
START what was the name of the mau leader who was of samoan and swedish descent? END
START what philosophy characterized the mau resistance? END
START what title was given to the mau's elected leader, tupua tamasese lealofi? END
START on what date did the mau demonstrate on the streets of apia? END
START what events did new zeland hold samoa responsible for? END
START what was lead by olaf frederick nelson on december 28, 1929? END
START where did olaf fredrick nelson organize and lead the demonstration? END
START what did high chief tupua tamasese lealofi resent? END
START what was the philosophy of most new zelanders? END
START what kind of weapon was used against the mau demonstrators? END
START was chief tamasese wounded or killed during the demonstration? END
START what was the phrase the mau's chief shouted to try to calm his people? END
START besides chief tamasese, how many mau died as a result of the violence that erupted on that day? END
START what do samoans call the historical day of the mau demonstration? END
START what kind of weapon was used against the new zeland police? END
START how many new zeland police were killed during the demonstration? END
START what do new zelanders call the day of the mau demonstration? END
START how many women were injured in the demonstration? END
START what were the new zeland police screaming to the crowd? END
START what act gave samoa independence? END
START what exact date did samoan independence go into effect? END
START what's the name of the agreement that ended with the start of samoa's independence from new zealand? END
START where was samoa in the order of small-island countries in their region declaring independence? END
START on what date do samoans celebrate their independence from new zealand? END
START when was new zealand granted independence? END
START what other day does new zealand celebrate its independence day each year? END
START what act gave new zealand its independence in 1961? END
START what did the commonwealth of nations sign with new zealand? END
START when did new zealand join the commonwealth of nations? END
START what office was held by fiame mata'afa faumuina mulinu'u ii? END
START what was the term of office for samoa's first joint heads of state? END
START what year did the first of the two heads of state die? END
START who was the head of state in samoa in 2006? END
START before becoming a de facto parliamentary republic, what form of government did samoa have? END
START when did fiame mata'afa faumuina mulinu'u ii die? END
START when mulinu'u ii died in 1963 who was left as sole head of state? END
START before it was a de facto parlimentary republic, what type of government did tamasese have? END
START for how long of a term was malietoa tanumafili ii elected in 2007? END
START what happened when malietoa tanumafili ii ran again in 2012? END
START what do samoans call their legislative body? END
START how many fono members are there? END
START how many of the members of the fono are elected to office? END
START what percentage of female matais are there in samoa? END
START what position in government is chosen by fono majority vote? END
START in what year was the fono created? END
START what number of non-samoans are in the country? END
START how many cabinet positions are appointed by women? END
START what is one thing women don't have when they are members of the fono? END
START in what year were women allowed to stand for election to the samoan seats? END
START what district is leulumoega the capital of? END
START what is the samoan word for the "house of nine" in leulumoega? END
START what is a'ana's paramount title? END
START what's the paramount title of the tuamasaga district? END
START in what town does the faletuamasaga conduct business? END
START what are the responsibilities of the afega in each district? END
START what is the word for afega according to the orator group? END
START what is the paramount title of the capital village? END
START what is the paramount title of the afega district? END
START in what town does the tuia'ana conduct business? END
START what natural process formed the land masses that would become the samoan islands? END
START which of the samoan islands has active volcanoes? END
START what's the name of the highest peak in samoa? END
START how many meters is 6,096 feet? END
START what volcano created the saleaula lava fields? END
START what is the source of solidified lava on mata o le afi? END
START what is different about mauga afi compared to the other islands? END
START what is the highest point in mauga afi? END
START when was a mantle plume discovered near magua alfi? END
START what is mata o le afi probably the result of? END
START what institution is in charge of samoa's currency? END
START in addition to agriculture, what industry historically supported samoa's local economy? END
START what fruit juice is a major samoan export? END
START what portion of samoa works in agriculture? END
START what kind of oil does samoa export? END
START how much of the country uses the samoa tala? END
START what percentage of people in samoa receive money from overseas? END
START what resources does samoa not produce themeselves and need to import? END
START what percentage of samoans are fishermen? END
START what fruit has the samoan tala traditionally been dependent on? END
START in which sector would the government of samoa like to see deregulation? END
START the flexibility of what segment could support economic growth in samoa? END
START what infrastructure has benefited greatly from capital investment? END
START what's the name of the team-up between samoa and virgin australia? END
START is samoa helped or hurt by political upheaval in the countries around them? END
START what have neighboring pacific countries called for? END
START what is one strength of virgin blue and its operations? END
START what are two things that have helped the launch of virgin samoa? END
START in what year did the samoan government call for the financial sector to be deregulated? END
START what was launched as a joint venture between pacific countries and capital investment? END
START what was samoa's major production product before the germans arrived? END
START what product significantly dropped in price at the end of world war i? END
START what did samoa start growing more of to make up for the lost value of rubber? END
START which country's government wanted samoa to grow bananas for them? END
START besides melanesia, which country sent many workers for the cocoa and rubber plantations in samoa? END
START what did china produce before melanesian colonization? END
START what new industries were produced by china in somoa? END
START what happened when the price of cocoa beans fell? END
START what is there a large market for in melanesia? END
START what groups were developing new industries and plantations in melanesia? END
START what is copra? END
START how many metric tons of bananas and copra does samoa produce each year? END
START what pest is the greatest threat to samoan crops? END
START are the cocoa beans grown in samoa high or low quality? END
START what company produces more coffee than any other in samoa? END
START in how many tons is the annual production of coffee? END
START what would happen if rubber wasn't produced in samoa? END
START what kind of coffee plants are grown in samoa? END
START what company is the largest copra producer? END
START what kind of impact does the export value of copra have on the economy? END
START what's the most popular church in samoa? END
START what percentage of samoa's population is mormon? END
START where is the bahá'í place of worship located in samoa? END
START what samoan head of state might have worshiped at the bahá'í house of worship? END
START what church's religion does 19.4% of the samoan population practice? END
START what percentage of samoans were methodist in 2007? END
START who was the head of state in samoa until 2011? END
START when was the roman catholic church built in samoa? END
START who dedicated the roman catholic church built in samoa in 1984? END
START where is the roman catholic church located in samoa? END
START what religion is practiced by the vast majority of samoans? END
START what word that means human relationships is at the core of samoa's culture? END
START what word is used in samoa to mean "respect"? END
START what percentage of samoans call themselves christians? END
START what religion is practiced by the fa'aaloalo? END
START what word encapsulates the core beliefs of christianity? END
START how much of the population believe in fa'a samoa? END
START what is the practice of christianity based on? END
START what happened when fa'a samoa was introduced? END
START what does "siva" mean in samoan? END
START what's the name of the traditional samoan dance performed by synchronized rows of dancers? END
START what are pates? END
START what is the name of the samoan dance only men can perform? END
START the "slap dance" probably mimics the movements of samoans trying to rid themselves of what creatures? END
START what is the samoan word for rhythm? END
START what is another dance not performed by men? END
START why was the siva dance created? END
START what kind of instruments are used when performing the siva? END
START what else does the sasa do besides having unique gentle movements of the body to music? END
START what samoan author write flying fox in freedom tree? END
START in what country was flying fox in freedom tree made into a feature film? END
START which wendt novel was made into a film directed by paul maunder? END
START who won a commonwealth writers' prize for fiction for her book "where we once belonged"? END
START what type of literature does tusiata avia write? END
START what novel was written by martyn sanderson? END
START what happened to martyn sanderson's novel in 1989? END
START what did paul maunder win in 1997? END
START what novel was written by paul maunder? END
START what book of poetry was published by john kneubuhl in 2004? END
START what popular samoan band has a number in its name? END
START what song covered by a samoan group was a 1974 number one in new zealand? END
START what award did king kapisi win for his song reverse resistance? END
START which hip hop artist filmed a music video for his song suamalie in samoa? END
START what year did king kapisi become the first hip hop artist to win an apra silver scroll? END
START when did the band the five stars reach number one on the new zealand charts? END
START what award did penina o tiafu recieve in 1999? END
START what song did penina o tiafau win the award for in 1999? END
START what kind of music style does penina o tiafau use? END
START where was the five stars music video filmed? END
START what did lemi ponifasio name his dance company? END
START what genre of music greatly influenced the culture in samoa? END
START what samoan choreographer founded black grace? END
START what professor at the university in hawaii at manoa wrote about the relationships between hip hop, dance, and traditional samoan culture? END
START among what age group in samoa is hip hop and dance most popular? END
START what has neil leremia's company mau recieved when touring in europe and ny? END
START what is lemi ponifasio's position at hs company black grace? END
START what is popular among samoan youth according to lemi ponifasio? END
START among what group is the dance company mau popular? END
START what dance form is taught at the university of hawaii? END
START who made the film o tamaiti? END
START what was sima urale's first feature-length production? END
START what movie was the first ever all-samoan production? END
START who wrote and directed the orator? END
START in what year did apron strings star as the opening film of the nz international film festival? END
START what film directed by oscar knightley won best short film in 1996? END
START what event did the first feature film made by oscar knightley open? END
START what was the name of the first fully samoan film made in 1996? END
START who wrote and directed siones wedding in 2011? END
START where did the film apron strings receive critical acclaim and attention in 2011? END
START what do samoans affectionately call their national rugby team? END
START the samoan team hasn't missed a rugby world cup since what year? END
START what organization governs the samoan rugby team? END
START what team that went on to become world cup champions was almost bested by manu samoa in 2003? END
START in what year did manu samoa make it to the second round of the world cup? END
START what is the national sport in england? END
START how long has england competed at every rugby world cup? END
START how often did england make quarter finals? END
START when did england come close to beating samoa? END
START what alliance has england been a member of since 1991? END
START in what competition did the samoan rugby team reach the quarter finals in 2013? END
START apart from australia, in what country other than samoa might samoan rugby players live? END
START what samoan rugby player signed to london irish rugby club? END
START how many teams played in the 2011 domestic samoan rugby league competition? END
START what rugby club did maurie fa'asavalu play for? END
START what is mostly played by australians living in new zealand? END
START what players made up the british rugby team in 2013? END
START how many teams played in the 2013 rugby league world cup? END
START what rugby club did francis meli sign with in 2012? END
START how many teams will the nrl expand to have in 2012? END
START on what date was pope paul vi born? END
START on what date did pope paul vi die? END
START in what year did pope paul vi close the second vatican counsel? END
START when was pope paul vi elected as pope? END
START what was pope paul vi's first name at birth? END
START what type of devotee was pope paul vi? END
START what name had not been used for a pope since the year 1605? END
START in what year was the name "paul" last used as a pontifical name before pope paul vi became pope? END
START what did pope paul vi re-convene when he became pope? END
START what publication promoted pope paul vi's views on abortion? END
START in what italian province was giovanni battista montini born? END
START in what italian village was giovanni battista montini born? END
START what political organization was giovanni's father a member of? END
START how many brothers did giovanni have? END
START what was giovanni's mother descended from? END
START in what year did montini enter the catholic seminary to become a priest? END
START in what field did montini obtain a doctorate in? END
START in what city did montini finish his doctoral studies? END
START at what age did montini enter the secretariat of state? END
START where did montini continue to study at the request of giuseppe pizzardo? END
START what political problem did montini feel he needed to address as a diplomat in poland? END
START how did montini see the nationalism of poland as a problem? END
START what humanitarian concept did montini see nationalism as violating? END
START what type of political stability was compromised as a result of violent nationalism? END
START where was montini happy to return to after his tenure in poland? END
START what type of natural ability helped montini in his career in the roman curia? END
START when was paccelli elected to the papacy? END
START with whom did montini have a relationship with that eventually groomed him for the papacy? END
START where did montini teach history? END
START who was montini's mentor that eventually became a cardinal? END
START what department did montini oversee when he worked with the secretariat of state? END
START what organization did montini, maglione and tardini belong to? END
START what role did montini fill for pius xii? END
START what did montini take charge of responding to on behalf of pius xii? END
START during what time was montini responsible for the communications of the vatican? END
START in what year was the office for information for prisoners and refugees founded? END
START how many inquiries did mintini receive regarding missing persons ? END
START what was montini accused of being by the italian government? END
START with whom did montini feel he had a brother like connection to? END
START what italian prime minister attacked montini for his political stances? END
START who requested montini become involved in the church asylum movement? END
START what war time group did the vatican and papal residence open their doors to? END
START how many people lived at castel gofolfo during the war? END
START what organization did montini form with other fellow officials to help refugees? END
START what did montini strive to reestablish to help persecuted jews and allied soldiers? END
START in what year did pius xii deliver a radio address announcing montini's papal appointment? END
START in what year did montini become the archbishop of the cathedral of milan? END
START on what date did montini become the archbishop of milan? END
START to what italian city was montini appointed archbishop? END
START where was pius xii when he announced montini's appointment as archbishop? END
START what group did montini oppose reforming? END
START in what year was montini appointed to the central preparatory commission?  END
START where did the pope ask cardinal montini to live? END
START what did montini avoid as a member of the commission for extraordinary affairs? END
START what illness had the pope contracted? END
START what type of political viewpoint was montini known for as a member of the catholic leadership? END
START what part of catholic ministry did montini seek to reform? END
START what type of media did montini use to advertise the church's sermons to the people of milan? END
START how many "voices" did montini's posters claim the people of milan would hear? END
START from the 10 of november to the 24 of november how many sermons were actually delivered to the italian people? END
START to whom did montini speak as an archbishop in the year 1957? END
START according to montini was does the term apostolate mean? END
START how many nations did montini hope to unify as pro-secretary? END
START when was montini's first meeting addressing the unification of catholic lay followers? END
START what role was montini not considered a likely candidate for? END
START what had montini yet to become? END
START who was elected pope in 1958? END
START when did montini finally become a cardinal? END
START what doicese did montini become cardinal of? END
START what country did montini visit as cardinal? END
START in what year did montini travel to visit africa as a cardinal? END
START how many foreign trips did montini make as cardinal? END
START in what year did montini visit the united states? END
START where did montini like to use as a retreat as a cardinal? END
START what role was montini not perceived to fill unlike some of his fellow cardinals? END
START what organization did the church expect montini to continue? END
START what illness caused the death of pope john xxiii END
START in what year did pope john xxiii die? END
START what role did pope john xxiii's death precipitate the election of? END
START what did paul vi donate to the basilica of the national shrine of the immaculate conception ? END
START what group gave paul vi his papal tiara? END
START where is the basilica of the national shrine of the immaculate conception located? END
START who was the last pope to be crowned? END
START what ceremony had paul vi left in place in in the 1975 apostolic constitution? END
START who was president of the christian unity secretariat? END
START what did paul vi believe in keeping friendly to people of other christian faiths? END
START who insisted that protestant and orthodox christians be invited to all counsel meetings? END
START which cardinal became heavily engaged in the passage of nostra aetate? END
START which vatican strove to avoid offending other christian faiths with counsel session language? END
START what did paul vi want to keep open with the modern world and people from all walks of life? END
START how many days after paul vi election did he announce he would continue the vatican ii? END
START on what date was vatican ii re convened? END
START six days after he was elected, what did paul vi announce he would continue?  END
START what did paul want to reform as a newly elected pope? END
START what edict did pope pius xxiii issue regarding the body of christ? END
START how is the body of christ regarded by catholic liturgy? END
START what type of language did paul vi want to the church to relay dogma in? END
START from what area were bishops prevented from attending the ecumenical meeting of paul vi? END
START what did paul vi ask other christian faiths forgiveness for? END
START what topic did paul vi see as the most important to the church counsel? END
START who did paul vi feel was most important in the catholic hierarchy? END
START what did the american counsel of bishops rally for? END
START what saint did paul vi denote as mother of the catholic church? END
START in what year did paul vi formally appoint mary as mother of the catholic church? END
START what did paul vi enact between the third and fourth ecumenical sessions? END
START what does the catholic church considered "mixed" in a "mixed marriage"? END
START what is celebrated in the catholic calendar the 8 of december?  END
START in what year was paul vi's final counsel session? END
START with whom did paul vi celebrate surviving persecution in other countries? END
START for whom did paul vi work for from 1922 to 1954? END
START in what year did paul vi issue a regulation? END
START with whom did paul vi issue a regulation in 1968? END
START what did paul vi's reforms reduce in the curia? END
START whose representation was enlarged through reforms in the curia? END
START at what age were cardinals restricted by paul vi from participating in conclaves? END
START at what age were bishops required to retire by paul vi? END
START at what age were cardinals subsequently required to retire in an edict issued in 1970? END
START what did paul vi over hall with age and retirement restrictions? END
START when was paul vi's ecclesiae sanctae issued? END
START what language was traditionally used in roman catholic services? END
START what were revised between 1951 and 1955? END
START what was re instated to the easter liturgy by reform? END
START what type of service did paul vi announce reformed in 1969? END
START how many new prayers were included in the official mass reforms of 1969? END
START what type of language did paul vi's reforms approve for use in the catholic mass? END
START how old was the mass reformed by paul vi? END
START what type of music was used in traditional mass? END
START who unified two previous popes views of the roman catholic mass? END
START in what year were the various versions of the catholic mass finally synthesized?  END
START who established the pontifical council for culture? END
START what organization did paul vi create to address non believers by the church? END
START what was the secretariat for non-believers eventually renamed? END
START what prime minister did paul vi attempt to interact with in order to help catholics in communist countries? END
START what is celebrated by the catholic church on january 1 of every year? END
START in what year was pre and extra marital sex outlawed by the catholic church? END
START who was accused of being a homosexual in 1976? END
START who brought allegations of montini's homosexuality? END
START who was montini's alleged lover? END
START on what date did montini publicly address charges of homosexuality? END
START how many continents did paul vi visit as pope? END
START what was paul vi's nickname during his papacy? END
START in what year did paul vi journey to the holy land? END
START in what country was an assignation attempt made on the life of paul vi? END
START who organized paul vi's visit to manila? END
START what group did paul vi address in new york in 1965? END
START who was the first pope to visit the united states? END
START to whom did paul vi give a diamond cross and ring in hopes it would raise funds to help people globally? END
START what did paul vi ask the un to promote during the vietnam war? END
START what us president was in office when paul vi visited america for the first time? END
START what number doubled during paul vi's papacy? END
START who did paul vi want to maintain a continuing dialogue with? END
START what document states that the catholic church is not subject to any particlar government? END
START who did the church retain the right to elect without interference from the state in its constitutional document? END
START what organization officially outlined the church's relationship to state? END
START what catholic document compares the catholic church to the body of christ? END
START what document declares that the roman catholic church lives within the body of christ? END
START what was being celebrated in the catholic calendar when the eccelsiam suam was given in 1964? END
START on what date is the feat of transfiguration celebrated? END
START in what city  is the cathedral of st peter's  located? END
START what is considered an ideal state for priests in the catholic church? END
START what is seen as symbolizing the reality of living in the modern world as roman catholic priest? END
START what document  of 1967 promotes the church's stance of celibacy in the priesthood? END
START what type of law locked down the catholic church's stance on celibacy in the priesthood? END
START in what year was canon law issued affirming celibacy in the priesthood? END
START which one of paul vi's encyclicals best known in catholic history? END
START what did paul vi's humanae vitae condemn? END
START what type of birth control is condemned by the catholic church? END
START how many encyclicals did paul vi publish? END
START what does humanae vitae mean? END
START according to paul vi  to whom are a  man and woman in union with besides each other? END
START what does god contribute to a married couple's child? END
START who is considered to be love? END
START from whom is married love generated? END
START what type of relations did paul vi's humanae vitae discuss? END
START who was president of the world bank in 1968? END
START what were developing countries encouraged to allow access to by the world bank? END
START in what country did doctors call the world bank's offer of resources in exchange for liberal birth control policies "insulting"? END
START who said columbia did not want american aid if it required changing the catholic church's stance on birth control? END
START what country did cardinal archbishop anlbal munoz duque represent? END
START to whom did paul vi tell "not to be afraid" when the church released its statement on birth control? END
START what did paul vi declare he would be seen as in 25 years? END
START to which pope can the evangelium vitae be attributed to? END
START which pope affirmed paul vi humanae vitae? END
START to what did western europe and the united states demonstrate a negative response? END
START in what city did the pope encourage visits from catholics from other countries? END
START in how many ways did paul vi contribute to an ecumenical dialogue between catholics? END
START in paul vi's view what does the catholic ecumenical dialogue require from someone? END
START how much of the person is needed to fully engage in a ecumenical dialogue according to paul vi? END
START to what historical figure can the words "do you love me more" be attributed? END
START what statement addressed the relationship of italy to greece in the catholic church? END
START in what year was the catholic-orthodox joint declaration read? END
START in what city was the catholic-orthodox joint declaration read? END
START who visited the vatican in may of 1973 in an effort to negotiate orthodox and catholic relations? END
START how many times did coptic patriarch shenouda iii meet with paul vi in 1973? END
START who was the first pope to meet with an anglican archbishop as an official head of church since 1960? END
START who was archbishop of canterbury during paul vi papacy? END
START how many times did archbishop ramsey meet with paul vi? END
START what center did archbishop ramsey open in rome to improve anglican and catholic relations? END
START in what italian center was the anglican center opened in by archbishop ramsey? END
START what did the cardinal augustin bea's secretariat promote? END
START what group condemned mixed faith marriages? END
START to what type of non catholic denomination was paul vi considered to be a great ally of? END
START which church did paul vi call "our beloved sister church"? END
START who described the anglican church as "our beloved sister church"? END
START in what year was a group created to work with the world council of churches to increase dialogue between catholic christians and other christian denominations? END
START in what year did the world council of churches meet in uppsala, sweden? END
START what type of theologians did the world council of churches decide to include in their committees? END
START in what country did the world council of churches meet in 1968? END
START whose backing did the world council of churches require catholic theologians serving on joint committees to have? END
START which protestants were the first to reach out to the catholic church in 1964 in iceland? END
START in what year did the catholic church begin diplomatic relations with the methodist church? END
START in what year did the catholic church begin diplomatic relations with the lutheran church? END
START who was president of the world council of churches during the 450th anniversary of the reformation? END
START to whom did schiotz state one should be grateful for the reformation? END
START who was paul vi in favor of cooperating with in the translation of the bible? END
START who asked paul vi for permission to cooperate with protestants to translate the bible? END
START in what year did paul vi officially declare his support of a cross faith translation of the bible? END
START what group of christians did paul vi support and approve of cooperation with? END
START how many future popes did paul vi create first as cardinals? END
START who was made a cardinal by paul vi on june 27 1977? END
START what future pope was made a cardinal by paul vi on june 26, 1967? END
START in what year did paul vi die? END
START what name did albino luciani take as a pope? END
START where was paul vi headed to on july 14, 1978? END
START what was considered to be the papal summer residence? END
START who was the italian prime minister in july of 1978? END
START for how long did an ailing paul vi meet with sandro pertini in 1978? END
START what animals did paul vi consider to be "the most beautiful animals god ever created"? END
START in what year was paul vi beautified? END
START on what day was paul vi born? END
START whose liturgical feast is celebrated on the 26th of september? END
START on what day was the beautification ceremony performed for paul vi? END
START what was attributed to paul vi and officially approved on may 9, 2014? END
START according to the vatican who could the healing of an unborn child be attributed to in the 1990's? END
START who approved the miracle of paul vi? END
START what group was responsible for recognizing paul vi's miracle? END
START what is the process called that acknowledges sainthood? END
START what magazine broke the story of paul vi pending saint hood? END
START what type of miracle was attributed to pope paul vi? END
START what group declared the healing a miracle by paul vi? END
START who needed to approve the congregation for the causes of saints conclusion that paul vi performed a miracle? END
START who was required to sign a decree declaring paul vi a saint? END
START what was pius xii accused of not condemning? END
START whose theology did paul vi continue to propagate during his papacy? END
START what type of work did paul vi finish that had been started by two previous popes? END
START on which anniversary of his humanae vitae did paul vi reconfirm the beliefs set forth by the humanae vitae?  END
START which pope that preceded paul vi was noted for his warmth and humor? END
START who did paul vi refuse to excommunicate? END
START what did many other catholics and christians consider paul vi reforms to be? END
START to what can the dissent among catholics be attributed to during paul vi's papacy? END
START what was the reintroduction of divorced catholics into the church considered to be by the council? END
START how many synod of bishops took place during paul vi's papacy? END
START what conferences became a requirement after vatican ii? END
START what political movement was paul vi criticized for having a relationship with? END
START the council, under paul vi, decided whom could make decisions independently of rome? END
START how many of his bishop's decisions did paul vi end up enacting? END
START how long did paul vi live for after experiencing a massive heart attack in 1978? END
START at what time did paul vi die? END
START on what day did paul vi die? END
START from where did paul vi conduct mass on the day of his death? END
START what residence was the paul vi staying in on the day of his death? END
START how many cardinals were from africa in 1976? END
START what country did cardinal eduardo francisco pironi represent? END
START what country did cardinal araujo sales represent? END
START what group's committees did paul vi declare both bishops and cardinals could participate in? END
START what type of clothing did paul vi enact reform on? END
START what type of theatrical uniforms did paul vi eradicate from the vatican? END
START who was the first pope to visit five continents? END
START where did paul vi turn the focus of the church toward during his papacy? END
START what group of clergy did paul vi include in vatican decision making that had previously been denied influence in this realm? END
START what papal statement under paul vi opened the vatican doors to global influences? END
START what is the largest rating of an electric motor? END
START what is the main example of a dc power source? END
START what does ac stand for? END
START what does dc stand for? END
START in what device are small motors commonly found? END
START what is the smallest rating of an electric motor? END
START  what is the main example of a rc power source? END
START  what does ec stand for? END
START  what does dcc stand for? END
START  in what device are large motors least commonly found? END
START who created the first electrostatic device? END
START who discovered the principles of magnetic and electric interactions? END
START in what year did faraday convert electrical energy into mechanical energy? END
START what toxic substance originally served the function of brine in primitive motors? END
START who created the last electrostatic device? END
START who discovered the principles of magnetic and electric non-interactions? END
START in what year did faraday convert non-electrical energy into mechanical energy? END
START  what toxic substance originally didn't serve the function of brine in primitive motors? END
START in what year did jedlik begin experimenting with electromagnetism? END
START besides the stator and the communicator, what is an element of a dc motor? END
START what did jedlik call his earliest devices? END
START what discovery solved the problem of continuous rotation? END
START what did jedlik's improved device eliminate the need for? END
START in what year did jedlik begin experimenting with non-electromagnetism? END
START besides the stator and the communicator, what is an element of a non-dc motor? END
START  what didn't jedlik call his earliest devices? END
START  what discovery solved the problem of non-continuous rotation? END
START  what did jedlik's improved device make the need for? END
START when were developers competing with jacobi able to match his accomplishments? END
START what was jacobi's improved motor used to propel? END
START who created the first real electric motor? END
START who broke the world record set by jacobi's first motor? END
START how long did it take for jacobi's first world record to be broken? END
START when were developers competing with jacobi able to not match his accomplishments? END
START  what was jacobi's improved motor used to not propel? END
START  who created the first fake electric motor? END
START  who broke the world record set by jacobi's second motor? END
START  how long did it take for jacobi's second world record to be broken? END
START who developed the first mnotor capable of being used for machinery? END
START which inventor went bankrupt? END
START what was the main problem with applying early electric motors to industry? END
START what necessary technical development had yet to occur to make electric motors useful? END
START how fast did sturgeon and davenport's motors run? END
START who developed the last motor capable of being used for machinery? END
START  which inventor never went bankrupt? END
START  what wasn't the main problem with applying early electric motors to industry? END
START  what necessary technical development always occurred to make electric motors useful? END
START  how slow did sturgeon and davenport's motors run? END
START what made pacinotti's motor an important advancement? END
START who created a motor similar to pacinotti? END
START how far from each other were the motors in gramme's demonstrations? END
START besides a motor, what did gramme use the other device for? END
START in what two cities did gramme conduct his demonstrations? END
START  what made pacinotti's motor an unimportant advancement? END
START  who created a motor very different from pacinotti? END
START how similar were the motors in gramme's demonstrations? END
START besides a motor, what didn't gramme use the other device for? END
START  in what two cities did gramme never conduct his demonstrations? END
START what needs to exist between the rotor and stator for increased efficiency? END
START which inventor created the first useful dc motor? END
START what was the transportation advancement made possible by sprague's designs? END
START what was the name of chicago's first electric trolley system? END
START who did sprague work for early in his career? END
START what can't exist between the rotor and stator for increased efficiency? END
START  which inventor created the first useful dc motor? END
START what was the transportation advancement made impossible by sprague's designs? END
START what was the name of chicago's last electric trolley system? END
START  who did sprague not work for early in his career? END
START how much energy do electric motors use in the modern united states? END
START in what domain did electric motors reduce reliance on humans and animals? END
START besides shafts, belts and compressed air, what did electric motors reduce the need for? END
START where did electric motors improve convenience and safety? END
START how much energy do electric motors use in the modern uk? END
START in what domain did electric motors not reduce reliance on humans and animals? END
START besides shafts, belts and compressed air, what didn't electric motors reduce the need for? END
START  where didn't electric motors improve convenience and safety? END
START who built the first induction motor? END
START what type of power were early motors unable to use? END
START who bought tesla's patents? END
START for what application was tesla's motor first used? END
START what's another name for the bar-winding-rotor? END
START  who built the second induction motor? END
START  what type of power were late motors unable to use? END
START  who sold tesla's patents? END
START  for what application was tesla's motor never used? END
START  what's not another name for the bar-winding-rotor? END
START what would a rotor do without current reversal? END
START what switches the input of most dc motors? END
START from where is current to the motor supplied? END
START what two motor types are ascendant today? END
START  what would a rotor do with current reversal? END
START  what switches the output of most dc motors? END
START from where is current to the motor not supplied? END
START  what two motor types are descendant today? END
START what does the communicator do? END
START what type of current is featured in brushed dc motors? END
START where do brushes get their power? END
START what is the main feature of the shaft in a commutated dc motor? END
START what does the excommunicator do? END
START  what type of current is featured in brushed rc motors? END
START where do brushes not get their power? END
START  what is not the main feature of the shaft in a commutated dc motor? END
START current flowing to create a temporary magent is called what? END
START what rotates the motor shaft? END
START what element of the motor keeps the poles from alligning? END
START what non-motor device demonstrates why a commutator is needed? END
START current flowing to create a non-temporary magent is called what? END
START  what doesn't rotate the motor shaft? END
START  what element of the motor makes the poles alligning? END
START what motor device demonstrates why a commutator is needed? END
START how is rfi generated? END
START what do brushes need to be in contact with? END
START what is created by contact between parts of the motor? END
START what does sparking limit? END
START what motor components most need replacement and maintenance?  END
START how is rfid generated? END
START  what don't brushes need to be in contact with? END
START  what is not created by contact between parts of the motor? END
START  what does sparking not limit? END
START what motor components least need replacement and maintenance? END
START what are large brushes favorable for? END
START whate are small brushes favorable for? END
START what type of brushes are cheapest? END
START how can the speed of larger brushes be increased? END
START besides wear, what is a downside of stiff brush springs? END
START what are small brushes favorable for? END
START what are small brushes not favorable for? END
START  what type of brushes are not the cheapest? END
START  how can the speed of larger brushes be decreased? END
START  besides wear, what is a upside of stiff brush springs? END
START what can a pm motor not be adjusted for? END
START what is another name for pm fields? END
START what design feature does a pm motor lack? END
START what do field windings provide? END
START  what can a pmm motor not be adjusted for? END
START  what is another name for pmm fields? END
START  what design feature does a pmm motor lack? END
START  what don't field windings provide? END
START why do miniature pm motors use high energy magnets? END
START what are high energy magnets typically made of? END
START what does the outer housing of a miniature motor resemble? END
START how do pms rate against other types of electric motors? END
START why do large pm motors use high energy magnets? END
START  what are high energy magnets never made of? END
START  what doesn't the outer housing of a miniature motor resemble? END
START  how do pms rate with other types of electric motors? END
START what is the typical maximum range of universal motors? END
START what type of motor was used in trailway traction applications? END
START what is the result of using ac power on a dc motor? END
START what were universal motor pole pieces constructed from? END
START what is the atypical maximum range of universal motors? END
START  what type of motor was not used in trailway traction applications? END
START what is the result of using dc power on a dc motor? END
START what weren't universal motor pole pieces constructed from? END
START what kind of motor can employ both ac and dc? END
START what component of a universal motor is most likely to fail? END
START when is torque most important in universal motor applications? END
START switching the field winding in washing machines causes the drum to agitate how? END
START how is stepped speed control achieved? END
START  what kind of motor can employ both dc and dc? END
START what component of a universal motor is most likely to not fail? END
START  when is torque least important in universal motor applications? END
START switching the field winding out of washing machines causes the drum to agitate how? END
START at around what rmp do weed trimmer motors operate? END
START at around what rmp do miniature grinders operate? END
START what type of motor can universal motors operate much faster than? END
START what attributes make universal motors desireable for consumer applications like hair dryers? END
START  at around what rrp do weed trimmer motors operate? END
START  at around what rmr do miniature grinders operate? END
START what type of motor can't universal motors operate much faster than? END
START what attributes make universal motors less desirable for consumer applications like hair dryers? END
START what determines the properties of speed and torque? END
START at high speed, where is the most current? END
START is the current frequency higher or lower at high speed? END
START changing the shapes of the bars creates what? END
START where can variable resistance be created? END
START what doesn't determine the properties of speed and torque? END
START  at low speed, where is the most current? END
START  is the non-current frequency higher or lower at high speed? END
START not changing the shapes of the bars creates what? END
START  where can variable resistance not be created? END
START where might a resistor be attached? END
START what can a resistor control? END
START how might wasted power be salvaged? END
START from where may a converter be fed? END
START where might a resistor not be attached? END
START  what can a resistor never control? END
START  how might wasted power not be salvaged? END
START  from where won't a converter be fed? END
START what will a motor do if the load is reduced? END
START what will a motor do if the load is increased? END
START where are slip losses dissipated? END
START how efficient is such a design? END
START  what will a motor do if the load is not reduced? END
START  what will a motor do if the load is decreased? END
START  where are slip losses not dissipated? END
START how inefficient is such a design? END
START how are torque motors used in computer gaming? END
START a torque motor at low voltage provides what? END
START a torque motor at high voltage provides what? END
START in a tape drive, what is not needed if a torque motor is used? END
START how aren't torque motors used in computer gaming? END
START  a torque motor at high voltage provides what? END
START  a torque motor at low voltage provides what? END
START  in a tape drive, what is needed if a torque motor is used? END
START what element of a combustion engine does a governor monitor? END
START what is a governor connected to? END
START what kinds of adjustments would a governor make? END
START what would a governor do to a too-fast running engine? END
START  what element of a combustion engine doesn't a governor monitor? END
START  what is a governor disconnected from? END
START  what kinds of adjustments would a governor never make? END
START  what would a governor do to a too-slow running engine? END
START how much slip does a synchronous motor have? END
START how does an induction motor produce torque? END
START whithout rotor windings, how must a hammond clock be started? END
START how can a synchronous motor be made more like an induction motor? END
START how is current brought to the rotor in a synchronous motor? END
START how much slip does a non-synchronous motor have? END
START  how doesn't an induction motor produce torque? END
START  with rotor windings, how must a hammond clock be started? END
START  how can a synchronous motor be made less like an induction motor? END
START  how isn't current brought to the rotor in a synchronous motor? END
START what do hysteresis synchronous motors' rotors do when slip rate decreases? END
START when in operation, what do hysteresis synchronous motors poles do? END
START what do hysteresis synchronous motors resemble at startup? END
START how can a hysteresis synchronous motor's rotor be described? END
START what do the distributed poles of a hysteresis synchronous motor resemble? END
START what do hysteresis synchronous motors' rotors do when slip rate increases? END
START when in operation, what don't hysteresis synchronous motors poles do? END
START what do hysteresis synchronous motors not resemble at startup? END
START  how can't a hysteresis synchronous motor's rotor be described? END
START what do the undistributed poles of a hysteresis synchronous motor resemble? END
START what type of motor has two independent multiphase winding sets? END
START what advanage do independent multiphase winding sets have? END
START what is one of the independent multiphase winding sets configured for? END
START doubly fed motors have what advantage over single fed? END
START  what type of motor has three independent multiphase winding sets? END
START  what advantage don't independent multiphase winding sets have? END
START what is one of the dependent multiphase winding sets configured for? END
START  doubly fed motors have what disadvantage under single fed? END
START a coreless dc motor is distinguished by what? END
START what is absent in a coreless dc motor? END
START what forms can the rotor take? END
START  a coreless rc motor is distinguished by what? END
START  what is absent in a coreless rc motor? END
START  what forms can't the rotor take? END
START what is a likely problem of coreless dc motors? END
START how does a coreless rotor compare to traditional rotors in terms of weight? END
START what advantage does a coreless rotor have over traditional variants? END
START how is a coreless motor cooled? END
START the lack of a metal mass in the core causes what function to be absent? END
START what is a likely problem of coreless rc motors? END
START how does a coreless rotor not compare to traditional rotors in terms of weight? END
START what advantage doesn't a coreless rotor have over traditional variants? END
START  how is a coreless motor warmed? END
START the surplus of a metal mass in the core causes what function to be absent? END
START what was the original purpose for pancake motors? END
START what are advantages of pancake motors? END
START for what type of military applications are pancake motors currently used? END
START what type of servo-controlled systems use pancake motors? END
START what was the original purpose for waffle motors? END
START  what are advantages of waffle motors? END
START for what type of military applications are waffle motors currently used? END
START  what type of servo-controlled systems use waffle motors? END
START what may servo motors be used for? END
START what must be well understood when applying a servo motor for use? END
START what factors limit performance of servo motors? END
START large, slow servos can use what types of motors? END
START when might coreless motors be used in servo applications? END
START  what may servo motors never be used for? END
START what must not be well understood when applying a servo motor for use? END
START  what factors don't limit performance of servo motors? END
START  small, fast servos can use what types of motors? END
START how do servo motors differ from stepper motors? END
START how does a stepper system achieve stability? END
START what makes a printer home switch work? END
START what kind of counter keeps track of a print head's position? END
START a stepper system's motor is relied on to not do what? END
START how are servo motors the same as stepper motors? END
START  how does a stepper system not achieve stability? END
START  what makes a printer home switch break? END
START  what kind of counter keeps track of a print foot's position? END
START  a stepper system's motor is unrelied on to not do what? END
START when are stepper motors most useful? END
START what two devices can describe a stepper motor? END
START what do stepper motor rotors allign themselves with? END
START how does a stepper motor differ from a synchronous motor? END
START what types of velocities and positions is the stepper motor capable of? END
START  when are stepper motors least useful? END
START  what three devices can describe a stepper motor? END
START  what do stepper motor rotors align themselves without? END
START  how doesn't a stepper motor differ from a synchronous motor? END
START what is a trait of a sophisticated stepper motor? END
START what does proportinal control of the field windings in a stepper motor achieve? END
START what is another name for smooth rotation? END
START with what other device are stepper motors most versatile? END
START  what is not a trait of a sophisticated stepper motor? END
START what doesn't proportional control of the field windings in a stepper motor achieve? END
START  what is another name for rough rotation? END
START  with what other device aren't stepper motors most versatile? END
START why were stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs? END
START what do newer computer drives use instead of stepper motors? END
START in what direction do modern coil actuators move? END
START to what device does the term, "voice coil" historically refer? END
START why weren't stepper motors abandoned in computer drive designs? END
START  what don't newer computer drives use instead of stepper motors? END
START  in what direction don't modern coil actuators move? END
START to what device does the term, "voice coil" not historically refer? END
START list two alternatives to rotary stepper motors in printer applications. END
START in scanners, what do stepper motors move? END
START in printers and copiers, what do stepper motors move? END
START list two alternatives to rotary stepper motors in non-printer applications. END
START  in scanners, what don't stepper motors move? END
START  in printers and copiers, what don't stepper motors move? END
START voltage opposing the motor supply voltage is called what? END
START emp is proportional to what? END
START voltage at the brushes is equal to what? END
START if load increases, what happens to current drawn? END
START voltage not opposing the motor supply voltage is called what? END
START  enp is proportional to what? END
START  voltage at the brushes is not equal to what? END
START if load decreases, what happens to current drawn? END
START what needs to be known to calculate torque? END
START how are the many calculations to determine torque done? END
START how is torque determined? END
START what is the formulia to determine torque? END
START  what needs to be unknown to calculate torque? END
START  how are the very few calculations to determine torque done? END
START how is torque undetermined? END
START  what is the formula to not determine torque? END
START what are factors that determine shaft torque? END
START whate decides the size of an electromagnetic core? END
START what limits excessive torque? END
START what aren't factors that determine shaft torque? END
START  whate decides the size of a nonelectromagnetic core? END
START  what doesn't limit excessive torque? END
START what is the only device with dual ported transformer circuit topology? END
START what is a brushless wound-rotor? END
START how does a brushless wound rotor achieve stability? END
START what is the theoretical maximum of a brushless wound rotor? END
START what is the only device with triple ported transformer circuit topology? END
START  what is a brushfilled wound-rotor? END
START how doesn't a brushless wound rotor achieve stability? END
START  what isn't the theoretical maximum of a brushless wound rotor? END
START what determines continuous torque density? END
START what three elements determine the size of the air-gap area and back iron depth? END
START what does continuous torque density refer to? END
START how does continuous torque density vary between well designed motors? END
START what determines non-continuous torque density? END
START  what is the fourth element that determines the size of the air-gap area and back iron depth? END
START  what doesn't continuous torque density refer to? END
START how does non-continuous torque density vary between well designed motors? END
START what type of motor is based on the attraction and repulsion of electric charge? END
START what are electrostatic motors like two of? END
START what type of power supply do electrostatic motors usually have? END
START what two inventors developed the first electrostatic motors? END
START micro-electro mechanical systems prefer what type of motor? END
START what type of motor is not based on the attraction and repulsion of electric charge? END
START what are electrostatic motors like three of? END
START  what type of power supply don't electrostatic motors usually have? END
START  what two inventors developed the second electrostatic motors? END
START  macro-electro mechanical systems prefer what type of motor? END
START what is the official name of switzerland? END
START what type of government does switzerland have? END
START how many cantons are in switzerland's federal directorial republic? END
START what 3 geographical features divide switzerland? END
START what is the population of switzerland? END
START what is the traditional date of the establishment of the swiss confederation? END
START what year did switzerland join the united nations? END
START what country is the birthplace of the red cross? END
START in what year was switzerland last involved in a war internationally? END
START what swiss holiday is celebrated on august 1st every year? END
START which four main linguistic and cultural regions make up switzerland? END
START what is the predominant language in switzerland? END
START what do the french swiss call switzerland? END
START what do the german swiss call switzerland? END
START what do the italian swiss call switzerland? END
START how does switzerland rank worldwide in areas such as quality of life and civil liberties? END
START which country has the highest nominal wealth per adult in the world according to credit suisse? END
START which two swiss cities have been ranked as having the highest quality of life in the world? END
START what assets are included in nominal wealth? END
START what is switzerland's ranking for per capita gross domestic product on the imf list? END
START what was the swiss term for switzerland during the 16th - 19th centuries? END
START where did the english adjective swiss originate from? END
START where did the name switzer originate from? END
START what did the alemannic schwiizer help form the nucleus of? END
START in what year was the toponym schwyz first attested as old high german suittes? END
START at what time did the name schwyz begin to be used by the entire confederation? END
START what was the swiss german name for schwyz? END
START what was the name d'schwiiz used for? END
START what were the two earliest know cultural tribes in switerland? END
START which swiss cultural tribe developed and flourished during the late iron age? END
START which swiss tribal group was defeated by julius caesar at the battle of bribacti as they tried to escape the swiss plateau? END
START in what year did tiberius conquer the alps, integrating them into the roman empire? END
START what is the name of the large legionary camp, now a ruin, that the romans maintained around the start of the common era? END
START in what year did the fall of the agri decumates territory transform today's switzerland? END
START in about 260 ad, what forced the people of roman towns to find shelter in roman fortresses? END
START what was the name of the concept used by the roman empire when building another line of defense at the north border? END
START what increased pressure forced the romans to abandon their line of defense concept at the end of the 4th century? END
START who was allowed to settle on the swiss plateau by the end of the 4th century? END
START from the end of the 4th century, what territory was the western extent of modern-day switzerland part of? END
START where did the alemanni settle in the 5th century? END
START where did the alemanni settle in the 8th century, forming alemannia? END
START in the 8th century, what two kingdoms made up modern-day switzerland? END
START what empire did the entire region of modern-day switzerland become part of in the 6th century? END
START in 1200, what area did the houses of savoy, zahringer, habsburg, and kyburg comprise? END
START in 1264 ad, what caused the kyburg dynasty to fall? END
START who claimed the kyburg lands after their fall in 1264 ad? END
START which holy roman emperor were the habsburgs under in 1273 ad? END
START what did the three regions of uri, schwyz, and unterwalden become known as? END
START in what year did the three original  cantons join with five other cantons to form the "old confederacy" of eight states? END
START which century did the old confederacy of the eight states exist until? END
START what effect did the expansion of the three cantons into eight have on the status of the federation? END
START by 1460, who controlled most of the territory south and west of the rhine? END
START which swiss victory in 1499 amounted to de facto independence within the holy roman empire? END
START which battle was the first to interrupt the seeming invincibility of the old swiss confederacy in 1515? END
START what inter-cantonal conflicts resulted in the wars of kappel? END
START in what year did european countries first recognize switzerland's independence from the holy roman empire? END
START in what two years were the wars of kappel? END
START under the peace of westphalia, who finally recognized switzerland's neutrality? END
START who conquered switzerland in 1798? END
START what did the french government impose on switzerland in 1798, centralizing the swiss government? END
START what was abolished with the introduction of the unified constitution in switzerland? END
START what was the name of the new regime created when the cisalpine republic separated from switzerland? END
START which unpopular republic destroyed centuries of swiss traditions? END
START during the helvetic republic, which forces invaded switzerland when war broke out between france and its rivals? END
START who refused to fight alongside the helvetic republic when it was invaded by the russians and austrians? END
START what act was the result of a meeting of swiss politicians organized by napolean? END
START what was the act of mediation responsible for restoring? END
START how many cantons were introduced as a confederation by the act of mediation? END
START what did catholic cantons attempt to set up which caused a civil war in 1839? END
START what was responsible for most of the 1100 casualties incurred during the swiss civil war in 1839? END
START how long did the swiss civil war in 1839 last? END
START what was the name of the swiss civil war in 1839? END
START how big was the impact the sonderbundskrieg had on the psychology and society of the swiss and switzerland? END
START what example inspired much of a new swiss constitution providing for a federal layout? END
START under the new swiss constitution, what did the cantons have the right to self-govern? END
START how many houses was the swiss national assembly divided into? END
START what was the name of the upper house, which included 2 representatives from each canton? END
START what was the name of the lower house, whose representatives were elected throughout the country? END
START though invasion plans were drawn up the the germans, which war did switzerland escape attack during? END
START who was the head of the swiss central command during world war ii? END
START what did general henry guisan order a general mobilisation of during world war ii? END
START what was the original goal of the swiss military strategy? END
START what were the reduit? END
START who blockaded switzerland's trade during world war ii? END
START what was severed in 1942, leaving switzerland completely surrounded by the axis? END
START how many refugees did switzerland intern during world war ii? END
START when did the financial relationship switzerland had with nazi germany begin to raise controversy? END
START where was the international red cross based? END
START who did switzerland finally grant the right to vote to following the rest of the western republic? END
START when were switzerland women granted the right to vote on a federal level? END
START who was the first woman to serve on the federal council? END
START who was switzerland's first female president? END
START in what year did ruth dreifuss become president? END
START in what year did switzerland become a full member of the united nations? END
START what did swiss voters agree to join on june 5, 2005? END
START what percentage of swiss voters voted to join the schengen treaty? END
START though switzerland is a founding member of the efta, what are they not a member of? END
START what has completely surrounded switzerland and liechtenstein since 1995? END
START how large is switzerland? END
START what is the average population density of switzerland? END
START what is the population density of the largest canton of graubunden, located in the alps? END
START which half of switzerland is more mountainous? END
START which mountain range does switzerland extend over on both the north and south sides? END
START which basic topographical area is in the south of switzerland? END
START which basic topographical area is in central switzerland? END
START which basic topographical area is in western switzerland? END
START how much of switzerland's total area do the alps comprise? END
START what is the largest lake in switzerland? END
START what is the highest mountain in switzerland? END
START what is often regarded as the most famous mountain in switzerland? END
START how many of switzerland's mountains are at least 4000 meters above sea level? END
START where are both monte rosa and matterhorn located? END
START where are switzerland's glacial conditions located? END
START what is typical weather in switzerland during the summer months? END
START what can the lower lands, suffering from inversion, sometimes lack for weeks? END
START what is the climate on switzerland's southern tip? END
START what is the weather phenomena characterized by an unexpected warm wind bringing low reletive humidity to the northern alps during rainfall in the southern alps? END
START at what time of year can the fohn occur? END
START where do clouds lose most of their content before getting to the inner alpine valleys? END
START what type of grapes are grown in the valley of valais? END
START during the fohn, from which direction is the blowing wind more efficient? END
START what rank was switzerland in safeguarding the environment according to the 2014 environmental performance index? END
START what do mountainous regions have that make their ecosystems particularly fragile? END
START what is the ecosystem in the alpine region particularly sensitive to? END
START what sources of energy does switzerland heavily rely on? END
START when was switzerland's federal constitution adopted? END
START when was a new constitution adopted in switzerland? END
START how many main governing bodies are on the federal level in switzerland? END
START what is the legislative body of the swiss government called? END
START what is the executive body of the swiss government called? END
START how many members are on the national council? END
START how long do members of both houses of the swiss parliament serve? END
START what are both houses of the swiss parliament collectively known as when both are in joint session? END
START what can citizens use to challenge any law passed by parliament? END
START what can citizens use to introduce amendments to the federal constitution? END
START what serves as the collective head of state? END
START how many members are in the federal council? END
START who elects the members of the federal council? END
START what is the traditional term for the president of the confederation? END
START who elects the president of the confederation from its 7 members? END
START how many legal jurisdictions are swiss citizens subject to? END
START what are the legal jurisdictions that swiss citizens are subject to? END
START what type of democracy was defined in the 1848 federal constitution? END
START what two things do citizens have the right to submit to overturn parliamentary decisions? END
START what are the two hallmarks of the swiss political system? END
START how many voters are needed to put a constitutional amendment to a national vote? END
START how long do citizens have to collect enough votes for a national vote on a constitutional amendment? END
START what can parliament supplement the amendment proposed by the citizens with? END
START what must voters do on the ballot when parliament adds a supplement? END
START how much of the national popular vote and the cantonal popular vote is needed to pass a constitutional amendment? END
START according to the federal constitution, how many cantons are equal in status? END
START what are the two major differences between cantons? END
START what is the population of the largest canton? END
START what is the population of the smallest canton? END
START how large is the smallest canton? END
START when was switzerland's policy of neutrality internationally recognized? END
START what was switzerland the first state to join the u.n. by? END
START what have the swiss people continually rejected membership in since the 1990's? END
START how long has switzerland traditionally been neutral? END
START how does switzerland treat alliances that might entail military or political action? END
START how long has switzerland hosted the united nations human rights council? END
START what is the second biggest centre for the u.n.? END
START where did the red crescent movement begin? END
START where is the league of nations located? END
START besides the u.n. headquarters, who hosts many u.n. agencies? END
START what does the ilo stand for? END
START what is disucussed at the world economic forum in davos? END
START what does bis stand for? END
START what does unhcr stand for? END
START where do swiss militia keep their army issued equipment? END
START who has compulsory military service in switzerland? END
START who can serve in the swiss military voluntarily? END
START what replaced army 95 in 2003? END
START in army xxi, how many are active in periodic army training? END
START how does the swiss economy rank worldwide by nominal gdp? END
START how does the swiss economy rank worldwide by purchasing power parity? END
START what ranking does switzerland hold in terms of gdp per capita, adjusting for purchasing power, according to the world bank? END
START which rating was assigned to switzerland by the index of economic freedom of 2010? END
START what did the world economic forum's global competetiveness report rank switzerland's economy as? END
START what was the gross median estimate of household income in switzerland in 2007? END
START what was switzerland's median income in 2007? END
START how did the european union rank switzerland's economy? END
START what is switzerland's most important economic sector? END
START what accounts for 34% of switzerland's exported goods? END
START what accounts for 20.9% of switzerland's exported goods? END
START what accounts for 16.9% of switzerland's exported goods? END
START what percentage of exports are exported services? END
START what percentage of employees belonged to a trade union in 2004? END
START how many people work in switzerland? END
START what was the unemployment rate in switzerland in 2014? END
START what was the foreign citizen population percentage in switzerland in 2014? END
START what was the peak unemployment rate reached in december, 2009? END
START how is switzerland ranked of 189 countries in the ease of doing business index? END
START according to credit suisse, what percentage of residents own their homes? END
START how do switzerland's tax rates compare by western world standards? END
START what size was the swiss federal budget in 2010? END
START what are the two main sources of income for the federal government? END
START which sectors are the main source of expenditures for the federal government? END
START which sectors have experienced a reduction in federal government expenditures? END
START how much were expenditures estimated to be cut in agriculture and national defense in 2015? END
START what has contributed to high food prices in switzerland? END
START what type of trade agreements does switzerland have worldwide? END
START what is the efta? END
START what is switzerland's world ranking in domestic purchasing power? END
START according to the oecd, what is switzerland lagging behind many eu countries in? END
START who has authority of school systems in switzerland? END
START what is the minimum age for primary school in all cantons? END
START what do most cantons provide for free when children are 4 or 5 years old? END
START when was english introduced as a first foreign language in many cantons? END
START how long does primary school continue? END
START how many universities are in switzerland? END
START how many of the 12 swiss universities are maintained at the cantonal level? END
START when was the first university in switzerland founded? END
START what is the biggest university in switzerland? END
START how many students attend the university of zurich? END
START what swiss world famous physicist developed his special relativity while working in bern? END
START how many total nobel prizes were awarded to swiss scientists? END
START how many times has the nobel peace prize been awarded to organisations residing in switzerland? END
START what is the world's largest laboratory? END
START who co-hosts cern along with the french department of ain? END
START what research is cern dedicated to? END
START what notable swiss invention won the nobel prize? END
START who invented the pressurized balloon? END
START how has switzerland maintained its relationships with the eu? END
START in recent years, what have the swiss brought their economic practices into conformity with? END
START what have the swiss tried to enhance by conforming to eu economic practices? END
START how much did the swiss economy grow in 2010? END
START which conservative party is popularly against joining the eu? END
START how many bilateral agreements did bern and brussels sign to further liberalise trade ties? END
START what was included in the first series of bilateral agreements pertaining to people? END
START when was a second series of 9 bilateral agreements signed? END
START what has since happened to the second series of bilateral agreements? END
START what were the original bilateral agreements meant to minimize the negative consequences of? END
START in 2006, what did switzerland approve 1 billion francs of supportive investment for? END
START what have the swiss been under eu and national pressure to reduce in terms of banking? END
START what have the swiss been under pressure from the eu to do in terms of tax rates? END
START in february of 2014, what did swiss voters narrowly approve to restrict? END
START what was reintroduced on the influx of foreigners in february of 2014? END
START which centres of switzerland mostly rejected the quota system for foreigners? END
START what was the rejection rate of the quota system by the french speaking part of switzerland? END
START what do some news commentators claim is violated by the restricted immigration proposal? END
START what was the former 10-year moratorium on the construction of nuclear plants the result of? END
START what accident caused the delay in plans for the new nuclear power plant in bern? END
START what does sfoe stand for? END
START what does detec stand for? END
START what is the 2000-watt society initiative designed to cut by more than half by 2050? END
START in 2011, what time frame did the swiss government give for ending its use of nuclear energy? END
START what reason did the swiss government give for ending its use of nuclear energy? END
START when is switzerland's first nuclear reactor scheduled to be taken offline? END
START when is switzerland's last nuclear reactor scheduled to be taken offline? END
START who is the doris leuthard? END
START how many passengers does the most dense rail network in europe carry annualy? END
START in 2007, what was the average amount of km's travelled by eacg swiss citizens on the rails? END
START who mainly administers the swiss railway system? END
START what is the alp-transit project designed to reduce the time of travel between? END
START under which mountains are the railway tunnels being built for the alp-transit project? END
START what is the swiss private-public managed road network funded by? END
START how much does the swiss autoroute network charge for a toll sticker to use swiss roadways for a year? END
START which airport is switzerland's largest international flight gateway? END
START what is the name of the flag airline carrier in switzerland? END
START how many passengers used the zurich airport in 2012? END
START when did switzerland sign the kyoto protocol? END
START when did switzerland ratify the kyoto protocol END
START what was formed by switzerland, mexico, and the republic of korea? END
START what percentage of recyclable materials are being recycled in switzerland? END
START how did the 2010 global green economy index rank switzerland? END
START what does switzerland charge for the disposal of in order to encourage recycling? END
START what are the fines for not paying the rubbish disposal fee? END
START what is the charge for recycling in switzerland? END
START in 2010, what percentage of the population was made up of foreigners? END
START who were the largest single group of foreigners in 2010? END
START what percentage of the population aged 15 and over were shown to have an immigrant background as of 2012? END
START what percentage of the immigrants were born in switzerland as of 2012? END
START in the 2000's, what was the concern perceived toward immigrants by institutions? END
START how many official languages does switzerland have? END
START what is the principal official language in switzerland? END
START what is the principal official language in the western part of switzerland? END
START what is the principal official language in the southern part of switzerland? END
START what is the least popular official language of switzerland? END
START how many linguistic regions of switzerland have their own form of local dialect? END
START what dialect is increasing in german speaking regions? END
START what has happened to the local dialects in the french speaking regions? END
START where do dialects tend to be limited to in the italian speaking regions? END
START what are terms that are not used outside of switzerland known as? END
START where are the most frequent characteristics of helvetisms found? END
START what do current french dictionaries include several hundred of? END
START who are swiss citizens required to buy health insurance from? END
START who are private insurance companies required to accept? END
START in 2012, what was switzerland's world ranking for life expectancy in 2012? END
START what population will cause health spending to likely rise in the future? END
START what do new high tech healthcare technologies translate to? END
START how much of the swiss population live in urban areas? END
START from the beginning of the 21st century, how does the population growth in urban areas compare to the countryside? END
START how many years did it take switzerland to go from a largely urban country to a rural one? END
START what is the population density of the plateau? END
START which 2 centers are recognized for their particularly great quality of life? END
START what does the weight of the largest metropolitan areas tend to do? END
START what is the predominant religion of switzerland? END
START what religion has immigration brought by 4.95%?  END
START what religion has immigration brought by 2%? END
START according to a 2015 gallup poll, what percentage of swiss people are convinced atheists? END
START what percentage of the christian population is catholic? END
START what percentage of swiss people claimed no church affiliation in 2012? END
START according to the census of 2000, what percentage of swiss are pentecostal? END
START according to the census of 2000, what percentage of swiss are jehova's witnesses? END
START according to the census of 2000, what percentage of swiss are buddhists? END
START when did geneva convert to protestantism? END
START how is a consociational state defined by the constitution of 1848? END
START when was the calling for a complete separation from church and state rejected by the majority of voters? END
START what percentage of voters rejected the separation of church and state in 1980? END
START what culture is linguistically isolated from the rest of switzerland? END
START where is the romansh culture located? END
START how many of europe's major languages are official in switzerland? END
START what symbolism has played an important role in shaping the history of switzerland? END
START what highly energetic culture is in some concentrated mountain areas in the winter? END
START what is the name of the trumpet like musical instrument made of wood has become the epitome of traditional swiss music? END
START what traditional culture predominates in many areas of small farms? END
START what causes the government to exert greater control over broadcast media than print media? END
START where are television programs produced? END
START what was the swiss broadcasting corporations name recently changed to? END
START what 3 mountain sports are among the most popular in switzerland? END
START where was the bobsleigh invented? END
START when were the first ski championships held in murren? END
START which town hosted the 2nd winter olympic games in 1928? END
START what is the nickname for the swiss national football team? END
START what does fifa stand for? END
START where is europe's highest football pitch located? END
START where is the fifa located? END
START which fifa world cup did switzerland host? END
START what was hosted for the 10th time by switzerland in 2009? END
START what was the name of the 1st european sailing team to win america's cup in 2013? END
START which swiss professional wrestler is currently signed with wwe? END
START which swiss sailing team was the 1st to win america's cup in 2003? END
START what was banned in switzerland in 1955 after the le mans disaster? END
START who voted to overturn the ban on motorsport events in june 2007? END
START who rejected the  2007 vote to overturn the motorsport ban in switzerland? END
START which successful world touring car championship driver was produced in switzerland despite the ban on motorsport events? END
START which swiss motorcycle racer won the 2005 motogp world championship in the 125cc category? END
START which popular swiss sport is a cross between baseball and golf? END
START which old, traditional sport is considered to be the national sport by some swiss? END
START what is thrown in the swiss competition steinstossen? END
START which swiss population is the only one to have practiced steinstossen since prehistoric times? END
START what was the name of the 83.5 kg stone that symbolized the unspunnenfest, first held in 1805? END
START what part of switzerland has a particularly high number of fine-dining establishments? END
START what unique dairy cheese is produced in the swiss valleys of gruyeres? END
START what differences primarily dictated some of the regional variations in swiss cuisine? END
START what dairy product is produced in the valley of emmental? END
START how do the ingredients of traditional swiss cuisine compare to that of other european countries? END
START what is the most popular alcoholic drink in switzerland? END
START when were vineyards first cultivated in switzerland? END
START what type of wine comprises a small majority of wine produced in switzerland? END
START what are the two most widespread varieties of wines in switzerland? END
START what 4 terrain variations are credited for switzerland's notable variety of grapes grown? END
