START what is the third fastest growing economy in india? END
START what is himachal pradesh ranked in the highest per capita of indian states? END
START what enables himachal to sell hydroelectricity to other states? END
START what three things is the economy of the state dependent on? END
START what other indian states does it sell hydroelectricity to? END
START what is the third fastest growing economy in delhi? END
START what is rajasthan ranked in the highest per capita of indian states? END
START what dies punjab sell to other states? END
START what are three things that delhi's economy is dependent on? END
START what is the economy like in rajasthan? END
START when did the chief commissioners province of hp come into being? END
START when was the state of himchal pradesh act passed? END
START when did himachal emerge as the 18th state of the indian union? END
START when did himachal pradesh become a union territory? END
START why did the  chief commissioners province of hp come into being? END
START on what date did western himalaya become a union territory? END
START when was the chief commissioner's act passed? END
START when was the state of nalagarh tehsil formed? END
START what is the rank of simla in the state of india's union? END
START why did lohara come into being in 15 april 1948? END
START when did congress secure an absolute majority? END
START how many seats did congress win? END
START who was sworn in as himachal pradesh's chief minister for a record sixth term? END
START who administered the oath of office and secrecy? END
START where was the oath of office and secrecy taken? END
START what did the bjp secure in november 2012? END
START what was shimla sworn in as for a 6th term? END
START at what location did congress secure an absolute majorty in the election? END
START what did virbhadra singh administer at an open ceremony? END
START how many seats did himachal pradesh win to gain an absolute majority? END
START himachal is extremely rich in? END
START who is the first state in india to have every family have a bank account? END
START how much hydroelectric power can be generated? END
START what has rapidly spread due to economic increase? END
START what is current gdp estimated at? END
START what are luxury hotels extremely rich in? END
START what has international entrepreneurship rapidly allowed every family to achieve? END
START what is the increase of franchisees of recognised brands estimated to be in billions? END
START by what percentage has business increased in the state? END
START what percentage of franchisees of recognised brands have been opened recently? END
START what is the state well known for? END
START the majority of all households in himachal own a what? END
START what is considered pure and used as a ritual cloth? END
START what is kullu famous for? END
START what are kangra and dharamshala famous for? END
START what is pashmina well known for? END
START what product is in demand in kangra as well as all over the country? END
START what did ritual cloth in himchali cause? END
START what does every household in dharamshala own? END
START what is desar considered as when used as ritual cloth? END
START what tribes inhibited the area that now constitutes himachal pradesh? END
START what time periods did the indus valley civilization flourish? END
START who conquered kangara? END
START when did mahmud ghanznavi conquer kangara? END
START who marched through the lower states and captured and forts and fought many battles? END
START during what period did dagis exist, and then become conquered by the gupta empire? END
START what tribes lived in the area that is now janapada? END
START during what time period did king harshavardhana rule? END
START who conqurered the indus valley in 1750 bce? END
START who did the dhali sultanate pay tribute to? END
START what does himachal have a rich heritage of? END
START what handcrafts do they include? END
START has the demand increased or decreased for handcrafts? END
START what declined under competition? END
START has the demand increased inside or outside the country? END
START what does kangra have a rich heritage of? END
START what are three examples of handicrafts from gompa? END
START why did the production of woolen and pashmina shawls decline? END
START what has happened to the sale of grass shoes in kangra? END
START has the demand for horese-hair bangles increased or decreased? END
START who heads the himachal pradesh? END
START who maintains law and order? END
START who assists the superintendent of police? END
START who is in charge of the indian administrative service? END
START who maintains town municipalities of the district? END
START what is the indian administrative service comprised of? END
START what group does a panchayat officer belong to? END
START what is each geographical unit divided into and governed by a district? END
START when did the era of planning start in himachal pradesh? END
START how much was allocated? END
START what kind of plan was it? END
START where does himachal pradesh rank in per capita? END
START what was more than 50% used on? END
START when did the era of road construction start in india? END
START how much was allocated for developing far away areas? END
START how much of the expense was for the planning process? END
START where does india rank regarding per capita income? END
START what would happen without a proper five-year plan? END
START where did the state place on population chart? END
START who was 22nd of chart? END
START who was top ranked in population strength? END
START who was last in population strength? END
START where on the population chart is the shimla district census wise, after being followed by tripura? END
START what place was sirmaur district, that followed the state? END
START was place is lahaul spiti on the population chart, even though it came first? END
START what percentage of the population does kullu district have, being top ranked? END
START if hamirpur district is top ranked, what is its population? END
START what other religions form a small percentage? END
START who are mainly buddhists? END
START what is the muslim population in himachal pradesh? END
START where do sikhs mostly live? END
START how much of the population do sikh's make up? END
START what percentage of the una district is buddhist? END
START what is the sikh population of himachal pradesh? END
START where are most sikh refugees from? END
START where do muslims mainly live in? END
START what percentage of muslims are in shimla, the state capital? END
START when did the gurkhas come into power? END
START where did the gurkhas come into power? END
START who lead the gorkas to siege kangra? END
START in 1806 who did gorkas defeat with the help of provincial chiefs? END
START who rendered help to the british government during the revolt? END
START in what year did kangra come to power in nepal? END
START what were the chamba doing with territory in nepal? END
START who led the dhami when they laid siege to kangra? END
START who was in control of lahore darbar in 1809? END
START when was the first bilaspur war for independence against the british? END
START what occurs in the climatic conditions of himachal? END
START what is the climate like? END
START what three seasons does himachal experience? END
START how long does summer last? END
START how long does winter last? END
START why is there variation in the climate conditions of lahaul? END
START what three seasons are in spiti? END
START how long does summer last in dharamsala? END
START how does the climate vary in the trans-himalayan region? END
START how are most parts of lahaul except in spiti? END
START what does the himachal legislature consist of? END
START who presides over meetings? END
START who is the judiciary system made up of? END
START who is the head of state appointed by the president of india? END
START how long are the terms of office? END
START how many members are there in the council of ministers? END
START for how many years does a judiciary member serve? END
START who is the head of state appointed by the lower courts? END
START who is appointed as the chief minister by the president of india? END
START who are appointed by the mla with advice from the president of india? END
START what is railway himachal famous for? END
START what are the 2 narrow gauge railways in the railway himachal? END
START what are the other railways being proposed in the state? END
START what is being conducted to extend the railway? END
START what is the total length of the railways? END
START what is bilaspur-manali-leh railway famous for? END
START what are the two tunnels in railway himachal? END
START what other railways are being proposed by unesco? END
START what is the total length of the una district railway? END
START what is being done to extend the railway line to delhi? END
START who is famous for natural beauty? END
START what years was the anglo-gorkha war? END
START what does hima mean in sanskirt? END
START what is the literal meaning of himachal pradesh? END
START who was one of the great sanskirt scholars of himachal pradesh? END
START what was pradesh declared in 1950? END
START what is  one thing britain is famous for? END
START what came into power after the war between himachal and sanskrit? END
START when did the himalayas become part of the punjab province of british india? END
START who was responsible for naming the punjab province of british india? END
START who has an active community of journalists and publishers? END
START what are the newspapers famous for? END
START what is available in shimla and district headquarters? END
START what are the newspapers that are in hindi and read widely? END
START what has grown significantly? END
START what has an active community that reads the ujala daily newspaper? END
START what are divya's accomplishments? END
START what is available in faisla and aapka? END
START what has grown in a remote part of the country? END
START what are the names of newspapers read widely in english? END
START who was elected as chief minister of the state of india? END
START how many seats did the bjp win? END
START who is bjp's chief minister of himachal pradesh? END
START when was he sworn in? END
START when did the bjp secure a landslide victory? END
START in 2003, what did the bharatiya party win? END
START what was prem kumar dhumal elected as in 2003? END
START when were the indian national congress elections held? END
START when did the indian national congress win by a landslide? END
START when was virbhadra singh sworn in as chief minister of himachal pradesh? END
START what type of agriculture is in the state? END
START where is seed potato mostly grown? END
START who is the largest vegetable producing district in the state? END
START what is the district of sirmaur famous for? END
START what is the state deficient in? END
START what is shimla deficient in? END
START in what areas is ginger mostly grown? END
START what is the largest fig producing district in the state? END
START what is the kullu district also famous for producing? END
START what is solan making a special effort to produce? END
START who was largely untouched by external customs? END
START what has made the state change very rapidly? END
START himachal is? END
START what are the common languages spoken? END
START who makes up the tribal populations? END
START why was dogri untouched by external customs? END
START what has caused rapid changes in gojri? END
START what aspects does mandeali have like other indian states? END
START what are some languages spoken in gaddis? END
START what groups comprise the tribal populations in dogri? END
START when was the state run nehru government engineering college started? END
START what are a few pioneer universities in the state? END
START what is the most renowned argricultural institues? END
START what is dr. yashwant singh parmar university earned? END
START what is the indian institute of technology mandi known for in the world? END
START what recognition has iec university earned? END
START why has iec university earned distinction? END
START when did iec university start in sundernagar? END
START what is one of the most renowned it institutes? END
START what is doordarshan? END
START what is provided by bsnl and others throughout the state? END
START what is available in few cities? END
START who are the cellular phone operators available? END
START what is all india radio? END
START what is the name of the state-owned radio station? END
START what language does bsnl provide programs in? END
START what are some of the available dial-up providers? END
START what is available in a few cities like nepal? END
START what do reliance infocomm and tata indicom provide only to certain cities and towns? END
START where do 90% of the population live in himachal pradesh? END
START no single house is without? END
START what are the villages well connected to? END
START what is himachal pradesh rank according to the 2005 transparency international survey? END
START what are the most visited places in the country? END
START how is lokmitra kendra ranked after the government regarding corruption? END
START what are the most visited places in shimla? END
START what has the government done to meet maximum urban population standards? END
START what products does shimla forbid the use of? END
START what is no health center without in himachal pradesh? END
START what is nonverbal communication? END
START what is one example of nonverbal communication? END
START what is an example of a voluntary intent of a message related to nonverbal communication? END
START what is an example of an involuntary intent of a message related to nonverbal communication? END
START what percentage of human communication occurs through nonverbal facial expressions? END
START what is an example of paralanguage? END
START dopamine levels can show what type of communication? END
START improper communication establishes what? END
START what percentage of human communication occurs through foot tapping? END
START what is verbal communication? END
START why do fungi communicate? END
START how do fungi communicate with insects? END
START how many primary signalling molecules are known to organize different behavioral patterns? END
START what enables an organism to differentiate between self and other? END
START what is an example of "noise" that is filtered out through the interpretation processes? END
START there are four primary signalling molecules that are known to organize what? END
START what can't differentiate between molecules taking part in biotic messages or irrelevant messages? END
START how many secondary signalling molecules are known to coordinate? END
START what substance always triggers the fungal organism to react the same way every time? END
START what 'noise' can't be filtered out? END
START what is one dimension that communication is typically described along? END
START who said that we should examine the impact a message has on the recipient of the message? END
START what acts are included in communication between parties? END
START the forms of the acts included in communication depends on what? END
START what is one target of communication? END
START what is described as having many major dimensions? END
START the destination or target is thought to be the medium of what? END
START who didn't think a message would have any impact on the receiver? END
START together, communication content, intent and form make messages that are sent where? END
START transferring knowledge and experiences are the only types of what? END
START what is human communication defined as? END
START when does language learning primarily occur most intensively? END
START how many human languages are there? END
START what do human languages use to communicate with others? END
START what is an example of a language that is not restricted to properties of human language? END
START when does language learning not occur most intensively? END
START the combination and patterns of letters and gestures are the basis for thousands of what? END
START an example of a language that is restricted to properties of human language is what? END
START listening skills are not a factor of important interpersonal skills in what type of communication? END
START grammars are not used in manipulating the symbols of what?  END
START what is some factors in family communication that could affect communication between family members? END
START what are some time periods that family communication study looks at? END
START what does trusted communication in a family lead to? END
START family roles were found to have no affect on communication between whom? END
START the death of a family member was looked at in what? END
START family members developed theories to understand what?  END
START it is important for researchers to understand communication as a trusted way which leads to a what? END
START family rules was not a topic that was covered in what? END
START how is animal communication defined? END
START what is the study of animal communication called? END
START what is the study of human communication called? END
START what are some fields of knowledge concerning the animal world that have been revolutionizes in the 21st century? END
START what field of communication has been investigated more thoroughly? END
START anthroposemiotics is the study of animal what? END
START zoo semiotics is the study of human what? END
START a special field of animal communication that has not been investigated is what? END
START what is defined as any one behavior of all animals that affects the current or future behavior of another animal? END
START human and animal communication is a rapidly growing field of study in what century. END
START who introduced the first major model for communication in 1949? END
START what did the first model for communication consist of? END
START what was the sender in the initial model? END
START what was the channel in the initial model? END
START what was the receiver in the initial model? END
START in 1945 the first communication model was introduced for what company? END
START what had two primary parts of a sender and a receiver? END
START the channel was where one could hear what? END
START shannon and bell recognized that what interfered with listening to a telephone conversation? END
START warren shannon and claude weaver worked for whom? END
START a simple model is also referred to as what? END
START what kind of message is sent in a simple model? END
START in what form is the information or content sent in a simple model? END
START how is information sent through a simple model? END
START what are the strengths of the simple model? END
START what are the weaknesses of this model? END
START claude weaver did what based on those elements? END
START a complex model is a message sent from an emisor/ sender/ encoder to a what? END
START what type of message is sent in a complex model? END
START who invented this model? END
START how are the sender and receiver connected in a slightly more complex form of communication model? END
START what is the model of communication in which the sender and receiver are connected reciprocally called? END
START what is communication viewed as? END
START what is something that may alter the intended meaning of a message? END
START what is something that may cause the reception and decoding of the content of a message to be faulty? END
START code books are represented in what? END
START the first attitude of communication is referred to as what? END
START occasionally instances of communication are called what? END
START a sender or receiver's what never varies regardless of culture or gender? END
START a person's age may change a sender or receiver's what? END
START what is a form of communication observed within plants? END
START what part of a plant communicates with rhizome bacteria, fungi, and insects within the soil? END
START how are the plant roots able to communicate with rhizome bacteria, fungi, and insects within the soil? END
START what is the meaning of the word neuron in greek? END
START how do plants communicate to warn nearby plants of danger? END
START the plants leaves communicates with what in the soil? END
START this centralized system makes plant interactions possible? END
START the hebrew word for 'neuron' is what? END
START during herbivory attack behavior what doesn't allow plants to communicate? END
START what can't plants overwrite when they are stressed? END
START what describes communication as creative and dynamic rather than discrete? END
START who theorized that the types of media people use to communicate will offer different possibilities for the shape of society? END
START what ancient civilization did harold innis use as an example of his theory? END
START what did harold innis call papyrus? END
START what did space binding make possible for the ancient egyptian civilizations? END
START wark and mckenzie had a theory that people use different types of what to communicate? END
START ancient rome was the famous example of the theory of whom? END
START using the media to water, people can change and shape communication where? END
START describing communication as a creative but not a dynamic continuous process is the definition of what? END
START using the same media for communication will offer possibilities for what? END
START why do communications professionals typically specialize in only one or two areas of communication? END
START what is one of the most important qualifications for a communications professional to have? END
START what kind of companies may engage in only a few types of communications? END
START good people skills is a qualification that is important to what profession? END
START it is not necessary to have critical and strategical thinking abilities to do what job? END
START all companies or organizations employ a full spectrum of what? END
START one of the least important qualifications to be a communications professional is what? END
START who is always able to master a broad range of skills? END
START besides excellent writing abilities and good 'people' skills, all company employees should  have what other skill? END
START what color are white grapes? END
START what gene makes grapes purple? END
START what shape do grapes usually resemble? END
START what type of food are grapes? END
START how many grapes are generally in a cluster? END
START how long ago were grapes first cultivated? END
START what microorganisms are naturally found on a grapes skin? END
START where is the oldest know winery located? END
START what city is syrah red wine believed to have been named after? END
START how do we know that wine was made in ancient egypt? END
START what do people in france eat more of that in most western countries? END
START what kind of the wine is regularly consumed by the french? END
START what is the phenomenon that shows that the french have less heart disease, even though they eat more animal fat? END
START what is a potential health benefit from drinking alcohol? END
START what juice is made when grapes are crushed and blended? END
START what kind of grapes are made into vinegar? END
START what is the most common grape used to make juice in north america? END
START what are sultana grapes known as in california? END
START what types of grapes are commonly used to make white grape juice? END
START what type of wine is fermented with grape skin? END
START what type of wine is fermented after the grapes skin has been removed? END
START what substance is absorbed by wine when grapes are fermented with their skins? END
START what type of wine is believed to have more health benefits? END
START what are grapes that are eaten raw classified as? END
START what are grapes that are used to make wine classified as? END
START what specie are table grapes and wine grapes? END
START what classification of grapes are typically large and seedless? END
START what percentage of a wine grape is sugar when it is harvested? END
START when are grapes first mentioned in the bible? END
START who was the greek and roman god of agriculture? END
START whose blood do grapes usually represent in christian art? END
START which book of the bible talks about the use of wine during jewish feasts? END
START who in the bible first grew grapes on their farm? END
START how many seedless grape sources are there for commercial cultivators?  END
START how many varieties of seedless grapes are there?  END
START what species of grape are grown by thompson seedless?  END
START what type of climate are benjamin gunnels's prime seedless grapes specifically cultivated for?  END
START what species of grape are grown by black monukka? END
START what are the most abundant polyphenolics in purple grapes? END
START what is the main phenolic in white grapes? END
START what is the laboratory index of antioxidant strength in grapes known as?  END
START what content of a grapes skin can be affected by soil composition, climate, and cultivation practices?  END
START why causes antioxidant strength to be higher in purple grapes? END
START what church uses wine to celebrate the eucharist? END
START when was jesus christ known to have used wine in celebration?  END
START where in the code of canon law does it say that wine must be natural and not corrupt? END
START what may a priest use in place of wine for consecration for health reasons? END
START what is the catholic dogma known as that believes that consecrated bread and wine from the last supper literally became the body and blood of jesus christ? END
START what must an operator deviate from to harm the computer? END
START what is computer security also known as? END
START what is the protection of information systems? END
START what are the ways an operator can malpractice? END
START what is the practice that includes controlling physical access to hardware? END
START what is the necessity of having an it? END
START what can be caused by neglecting a computer security system? END
START what does the it security protect? END
START how can a computer be attacked? END
START how does it security work? END
START what is the theft or damage to hardware or software? END
START protecting a device from harm requires deviating from what procedures? END
START what does computer security misdirect? END
START what types of harm can come through network access? END
START why would it security partake in malpractice? END
START what are attacks designed to make a machine or network unavailable to its intended users? END
START what does deliberately entering the wrong password enough consecutive times cause? END
START what are attacks where innocent systems are fooled into sending traffic to the victom called? END
START what does ddos stand for? END
START how can a network attack from a single ip address be blocked? END
START what happens if an attacker enters the wrong password into an account enough times? END
START what is the point of making network resources unavailable to users? END
START why is it difficult to defend against ddos? END
START other than being locked out what other methods are used in ddos? END
START what causes multiple attacks? END
START what allows a machine to be accessed by its user? END
START what is done to a password to lock out all users at once? END
START how is a ddos from multiple locations defended? END
START what is an ip address? END
START what are zombie computers on a botnet? END
START what were researchers in 2011 able to use as a successful attack vector? END
START in cars with built-in voice recognition features, what can the onboard microphones be used for? END
START wifi, bluetooth, and cell phone networks are examples of what? END
START assuming access has been gained to the car's internal controller area network, what is it possible to do? END
START what network is used to contact concierge and emergency assitance services as well as getting navigational and entetainment information? END
START what makes cars a risk for computerized attacks? END
START how were researchers able to eavesdrop in a car? END
START why are cars with more technology at a higher risk for attack? END
START what increases the likelihood of a car being attacked? END
START what entry points are viable for malware and attackers? END
START what does an external controller area network control? END
START when were self-driving cars built? END
START what networks prevent malware in connected cars? END
START what did researchers use to prevent attacks in 2011? END
START what can voice recognition not be used for? END
START how many organisations are estimated to maintain computer systems with effective detection systems? END
START what is the basic evidence gathered by that puts criminals behind bars? END
START the primary obstacle to the eradication of cyber crime is the excessive reliance on what? END
START what is the source of the quote? END
START electronic theft of data is causing more loss than what?  END
START what do companies rely on too much in order to keep their information safe? END
START what do even fewer companies have set in place for their defense? END
START what do companies have to worry about least? END
START what is needed to catch these data stealing criminals? END
START what is a common form of theft in companies? END
START most organizations have what kind of detection system? END
START what is the name of the company that has lost more through electronic theft? END
START what do most companies no longer rely on? END
START physical stealing of assets is a bigger problem than what? END
START what do criminals use to avoid being captured? END
START technology that is used to implement secure operating systems is one use of what term? END
START what does eal stand for? END
START what is the standard of eal4? END
START what is the standard for eal6? END
START what is an example of a system that meets eal6? END
START which system is used by the airbus a380 and military jets? END
START how common are the formal verification for the highest levels? END
START in the 1980s the department of defense used which standards? END
START what does common criteria refer to? END
START which level do many common operating systems meet? END
START when was the common criteria defined? END
START who created the common criteria? END
START what is the name of a system that meets the eal4 standard? END
START what makes it difficult for systems to use the eal4 standard? END
START what is an example of a system that uses the orange book standards? END
START when was chine's network security and information technology leadership team established? END
START what is the reason for studying the promotion of national network security ad information technology law? END
START what country has a network security and information technology leadership team?? END
START why was china's network security team established?  END
START what long term developments do they hope to achieve?  END
START why is network security under study?  END
START who is the leadership team?  END
START who is promoting the leadership team and its developments?  END
START who is researching microeconomic policy? END
START which fields unrelated to network security does china's leadership team research? END
START who is tasked with the short term development of network security? END
START when were china's enhanced national security capabilities established? END
START what is the act of surreptitiously listening to a private conversation? END
START conversations that people eavesdrop on are typically between who? END
START who has used programs such as carnivore and narusinsight to eavesdrop on the systems of internet service providers? END
START eavesdropping on a closed system via the faint electro-magnetic trasmissions generated by the hardware has been referred to as what by the nsa? END
START what are machines that operate with no contact to the outside world called? END
START how can closed systems be eavesdropped upon? END
START who is guilty of eavesdropping on private conversations? END
START who does the fbi and nsa use carnivore and naruslnight to eavesdrop on? END
START who uses the programs carnivore and naruslnsight? END
START what is eavesdropping? END
START what programs do isps use to eavesdrop on the fbi? END
START what is a conversation between hosts on a network called? END
START what is special about hosts on a network? END
START what transmissions does narusinsight listen to? END
START what program does the fbi use to eavesdrop on closed systems? END
START what are desktop computers and laptops commonly infected with? END
START constructing a botnet to attack another target is an example of the activity of what? END
START activity trackers are an example of what? END
START what could wifi, bluetooth, and cellphone network on devices be used as? END
START what could be remotely activated after a sucessful breach? END
START what do malware programs intend to collect from laptops and computers? END
START what is the secondary interest of an attacker using malware? END
START why do gadgets that have gps or collect data about your habits put you at risk for an attack? END
START what could be collected from your devices by an attacker? END
START what are cameras, microphones, gps receivers, compasses and accelerometers considered? END
START what is the name of the malware that affects activity trackers? END
START what is another name for malware? END
START how are quantified self devices breached? END
START what sensitive information do wifi networks carry? END
START what type of information is rarely collected from a laptop? END
START what does acl stand for? END
START acls and capability based security are two security models capable of what? END
START a host computer tricked into indirectly allowing access to restricted files is known as what? END
START the confused deputy problem and the problem of not guaranteeing only one person has access are resolved by what? END
START what must designers of systems that are acl based do? END
START what has using acls to confine programs proven? END
START how can a computer with acl be tricked? END
START which two models in computer systems enforce privilege separation? END
START can an acls limit access to one person? END
START what is the total number of security models in a computer system? END
START when is an acl most secure? END
START what prevents acls from giving access to only one person? END
START what do acls promise? END
START who is not responsible for the flaws in an acl system? END
START in what year did over a hundred intrusions made into the rome laboraroty? END
START how were hackers able to obtain unrestricted access to rome's networking systems? END
START how were hackers able to penetrate connected networks? END
START what is the rome laboratory? END
START who does the goddard space flight center belong to? END
START what did the hackers obtain? END
START why were the hackers untraceable? END
START posing as a trusted rome center user what did hackers use? END
START intrusion hackers were thought to be who? END
START how were hackers able to go undetected?  END
START who were the crackers identified as? END
START when was the rome laboratory created? END
START what were the intruders unable to access? END
START what did the 1994 breach of the national aeronautics and space administration's goddard space flight center also give the crackers access to? END
START what type of intrusion did the crackers use to gain access to rome laboratory? END
START when did the impact team successfully breach ashley madison? END
START what is the name of the parent company that created ashley madison? END
START when did the avid life media ceo resign? END
START what was in the first data dump? END
START what website, in addition to ashley madison, was avid media instructed to take offline? END
START why was the website to be removed?  END
START how did the site remain functional after the data breach?  END
START what was the response from people using the service?  END
START was the goal of the impact team carried out?  END
START were other sites compromised in addition to ashley madison?  END
START who was the ceo of ashley madison? END
START when was ashley madison taken down? END
START when was established man taken offline? END
START how large was the data dump of the ceo's emails? END
START why was the customer data dumped first? END
START according to goverment officials, what has the failure of the private sector to solve efficiently the cybersecurity problem created? END
START where was the rsa security conference held? END
START who believes that government intervention would affect innovation? END
START who said "industry only responds when you threaten regulation"? END
START what is a virtual space free of any government intervention? END
START what is the polemical problem presented?  END
START what is considered vital of the internet?  END
START who currently runs cyberspace?  END
START is the cyberspace industry under attack or threatened by regulation?  END
START who believes they are better at improving cyberspace?  END
START what do most people agree on in regards to internet security? END
START why did r. clarke want to avoid government intervention? END
START where is government intervention most common? END
START why is threatening an industry unhelpful according to clarke? END
START where is clarke from? END
START when did public safety canada unveil canada's cyber security strategy? END
START what outlines the ongoing implementation of the cyber security strategy? END
START what outlines the responsibilities and provides a plan for coordination during a cyber incident? END
START canadian cyberspace was boosted by who?  END
START multiple departments were involved in what?  END
START what type of plan is provided?  END
START why was a cyber security plan unveiled in october of 2010?  END
START who is the security measure meant to help the most?  END
START when was public safety canada founded? END
START how many departments does the new strategy involve? END
START who created the action plan? END
START what was the predecessor to canada's cyber security strategy? END
START when was the speech from the throne? END
START what is a potential attack vector for utilities such as the power grid? END
START what demonstrated equipment controlled by computers not connected to the internet can also be vulnerable? END
START when did the computer emergency readiness team investigate 79 hacking incidents at energy companies? END
START what department does the computer emergency readiness team belong to? END
START how did the stuxnet worm infect industrial equipment? END
START what division was part of the department of homeland security? END
START can computers not attached to the internet be attack by a virus? END
START what industrial equipment effected after receiving malicious commands? END
START what type of damage was dealt to the industrial equipment? END
START what controls the functions of our utilities such as telecommunications, power grid, nuclear power plants, etc? END
START what controls computer functions? END
START who created the stuxnet worm? END
START when was the stuxnet worm created? END
START what was infected in the 79 hacking incidents at energy companies? END
START how many people were on the computer emergency readiness team? END
START firewalls and exit procedures are considered what? END
START what is defined as a way of filtering network data between a host or network and another network? END
START what does a physical firewall consist of? END
START what type of machines normall have a firewall? END
START what compromises mainly preventative measures? END
START computer security is mostly comprised of what? END
START how are firewalls implemented? END
START which system has a built in firewall? END
START what is another form of having a firewall connected? END
START which part of a linux computer is the firewall built into? END
START what types of measures do computer security firms rarely use today? END
START what type of machine rarely uses firewalls? END
START what is an exit procedure? END
START how are exit procedures implemented? END
START what type of os does not use the operating system kernel? END
START what has caused serious financial damage? END
START data made public who is available to estimate the cost of an incident? END
START what is the amount of losses estimated from worms and viruses in 2003? END
START who produces estimates of worldwide losses attributable to security breaches? END
START what is the underlying methodology of finding worldwide estimates for losses fur to security breaches? END
START what was the loss estimated for covert attacks in 2003? END
START what forms of attack were responsible for the loss? END
START what information is used to estimate the cost of the incident? END
START how wide-scale were the losses? END
START why is difficult to estimate loss in this situation? END
START how much did firms save in 2003 from preventing attacks? END
START when was the standard model for estimating the cost of a breach established? END
START what data is not made public when an organization is breached? END
START what was the minimum estimate of losses due to security breaches in the us in 2003? END
START why are loss estimates rarely challenged? END
START microchips vulnerabilities are introduced when? END
START what offers an alternative to soft-ware only computer security? END
START what can hardware be a source of? END
START what is required in order for hardware to be compromised? END
START what step can increase computer security? END
START what is used in physical access of a computer? END
START what causes hardware to be insecure? END
START how can a cell phone increase computer security? END
START what physical device is used as a passkey for your computer? END
START when are microchip vulnerabilities removed? END
START dongles less secure because of what? END
START what is an example of software-only computer security? END
START what is required to compromise a software-only computer? END
START what type of vulnerability is hardware-based computer security impervious to? END
START what does ccirc stand for? END
START who is resposible for mitigating and responding to threats to canada's critical infrastructure? END
START where does the ccirc post regular cyber security bulletins? END
START what functions as a counterpart document to the national strategy and action plan for critical infrastructure? END
START what sort of responses are ccirc responsible for?  END
START what would ccirc do in an event of a breach?  END
START what does the ccirc operate?  END
START ccirc is part of what that is much larger?  END
START online tools are meant for what by ccirc? END
START what organization is attacking canada's infrastructure? END
START who runs public safety canada? END
START what document contradicts the cyber security strategy? END
START who controls canada's infrastructure? END
START what do individuals use to create a cyber incident? END
START who said "connectedness begets vulnerability?" END
START what organization does jay cross belong to? END
START what is the advantage of more critical infrastructure being controlled via computer programs? END
START what is the disadvantage of more critical infrastructure being controlled via computer programs? END
START what has led to cyberwarfare?  END
START what is cyberterrorism?  END
START in what way does "connectedness begets vulnerability?"  END
START what types of test will be run?  END
START will cyberterrorism evolve with new technology?  END
START who coined the word "cyberwarfare"? END
START what computer program controls critical infrastructure? END
START which infrastructures are the least vulnerable to attack? END
START what is cyberterrorism? END
START who disagreed with the saying "connectedness begets vulnerability"? END
START when did public safety canada partner with stop.think. connect? END
START when was the cyber security cooperation program launched by the government of canada? END
START who routinely updates the getcybersafe portal for canadian citizens? END
START what month is cyber security awareness month? END
START how much does the cyber security cooperation program cost? END
START stop.think.connect is what kind of organization?  END
START what type of grants were given out by the canadian government?  END
START what does the cyber security cooperation monitor?  END
START why is there a cyber security month?  END
START how are people protected online?  END
START when was stop.think.connect created? END
START how expensive is the getcybersafe portal? END
START when was the cyber security cooperation program shut down? END
START when was the getcybersafe portal created? END
START when is the international cyber security awareness month? END
START installing keyloggers and making operating system modifications are examples of ways unauthorized users for what? END
START booting a tool or another operating system from a cd rom can bypass what? END
START disk encryption and trusted platform module are designed to prevent what? END
START an unauthorized user with physical access to a computer can likely do what? END
START what increases the safety of a computer? END
START what can cause standard security measures to become obsolete? END
START what is the number one cause of data theft? END
START what can an attacker install to your computer in order to collect personal data? END
START what can infect other computers from your own? END
START what can an authorized user with access to a computer do? END
START how are computers made secure? END
START what does cd-rom stand for? END
START what is the name of a program designed to attack a computer? END
START how does a user bypass a compromised security? END
START ui redress attack or user interface redress attack is also known as what? END
START what is a malicious technique in which an attacker tricks the user into clicking on a button or link? END
START where are the clicks meant for the top level page routed? END
START where would a password typed on a seemingly authetic webpage be directed? END
START how istricking the user accomplished in clickjacking? END
START what is intended to be hijacked through a page overlay? END
START what else can be hijacked through ui redress? END
START what part of a webpage is meant to collect keystrokes? END
START why can the user not see the other page used by the attacker? END
START where is are the passwords and information stored by the attacker? END
START what is avoiding a ui redress attack called? END
START how are clicks routed back to the top level page? END
START how is an legitimate webpage created? END
START what is another name for hijacking keystrokes? END
START where is a user redirected to after putting in their password? END
START how many computers were connected to the internet in 1988? END
START when was the first computer worm released? END
START who was the first computer worm traced back to? END
START what is a malicious code that demands processor time and spreads itself to other computers? END
START why did morris jr make the computer worm? END
START what types of computers were connected to the internet in 1988? END
START on nov 2, 1988 what caused many computers to slow down? END
START when was the first computer worm? END
START who created the first computer worm? END
START how old was the cornell university grad student who created the worm? END
START how many computers began to slow down on nov. 2, 1988? END
START who tracked down the first computer worm? END
START when was the computer worm caught? END
START where was the computer worm created? END
START which internet connected computers slowed down? END
START who are rescator? END
START what was stolen from target corporation computers in 2013? END
START how many credit card numbers were stole from home depot in 2014? END
START what machines were involved in the physical security breaches that played a large role in the incident? END
START who is jim walter? END
START what was done when credit cards were stolen?  END
START what was the main breach?  END
START who could have easily stopped the hacking? END
START unsophisticated malware was used on what?  END
START why was the malware uninteresting?  END
START who was the leader of rescator? END
START what was stolen from mcafee? END
START when was the investigation concluded? END
START why weren't the companies warned about the threat? END
START when was rescator formed? END
START what does ncaz stand for? END
START what does ncaz take care of? END
START when was ncaz opened? END
START whan was ncaz founded? END
START what is the purpose of ncaz? END
START why does berlin start a national cyber defense initiative?  END
START why does ncaz work closely with bsi?  END
START who takes care of national security? END
START what incidents are it to prevent?  END
START what was the stuxnet incident?  END
START where is the german minister for home affairs located? END
START when did the incident in stuxnet happen? END
START where is the bsi located? END
START who opened the bdn? END
START what is the primary task of the minister for home affairs? END
START what is the approach to judiasm that subscribes to a tradition of mass revelation? END
START what is the name of the book that has the laws and ethics for orthodox judaism? END
START what texts were legislated by the tanarim and amoraim? END
START what besides modern orthodox judaism does orthodox judaism consist of? END
START orthodox judaism is a self-identification that distinguishes it from what? END
START what is orthodox christianity a religion that subscribes to? END
START what does orthodox christianity adhere to? END
START who is the bible legislated by? END
START where will you not find modern judaism? END
START what is a religion with a single philosophy? END
START what is the global jewish news service known as? END
START what is new jersey's largest daily paper? END
START what term do media entities refrain from using? END
START who is the spiritual leader of temple israel community center? END
START where is the temple israel community center located? END
START what did the new england press association claim? END
START how large is the global jewish news service? END
START the religion newswriters association was the first news source to drop what name? END
START what is a new york paper still using the term ultra-orthodox? END
START who was the executive editor of the star-ledger? END
START what is the name  of the movement that comporises a fairly broad spectrum of distinct but related philosophies?  END
START what integrity is orthodox judaism trying to preserve? END
START who does modern orthodoxy assign a central role to? END
START what kind of work does orthodox judiasm seek to transform the world with? END
START what is modern cutlture in conflict with? END
START what comprises a fairly narrow spectrum of movements? END
START what are distinct and non-related in modern orthodoxy? END
START what does classical orthodoxy hold to be true? END
START what can orthodox judaism be harmed by it's interaction with? END
START who do modern orthodoxy assign a non-central role to? END
START how do orthodox women dress mosly? END
START what part of their body do married women cover with a scarf? END
START what is the skullcap that orthodox men wear known as? END
START what are the fringes orthodox men wear called? END
START what type of orthox men often grow beards and always wear black? END
START what do orthodox jews keep in common with the society's they live in? END
START who tend to wear clothing that exposes a lot of skin? END
START what do most jewish women refuse to wear to cover their head? END
START what do orthodox men refuse to wear on their heads? END
START what do orthodox men avoid wearing when they are indoors? END
START what is the written law of the torah known as? END
START who dictated the oral law to moses? END
START what are the detailed explanations of how to apply and interpret the laws of the written torah called? END
START what is the law that is considered the core of religious laws orthodox jews know today? END
START what is the origin of jewish law? END
START which single part of the law do orthodox jews hold to be dictated by god? END
START what parts of the oral law are different than the original dictation? END
START what was not given a clear explanations on how to apply it? END
START who added fences to historical law that are not a part of modern day? END
START what is considered divine and in no need of interpretation?  END
START where was rabbi azriel hildesheimer from? END
START what was the name of the rabbi of altona? END
START what was the name of the manifesto that rabbi jacob ettlinger produced? END
START how many rabbi's signed on with the manifesto jacob ettlinger published? END
START where was rabbi samson raphael hirsch from? END
START what did roman jews support? END
START what group supported a new temple in hamburg? END
START where did a group of orthodox jews convene?  END
START what was considered the first reformed jewish periodical? END
START who fought against the strength and awareness of the orthodox jewry? END
START when is a newborn boy's hair first cut? END
START what is done with the newborn boy's hair once it is cut? END
START what are grains and legumes known as? END
START what is the name of the prohibition against eating grains and legumes during passover? END
START what text rejects the ashkenazi prohibition against kitniyot? END
START what do historians note are continuations of past practices? END
START what do historians claim are practices of prior generations? END
START who's tradition is it to cut a boy's hair on his second birthday? END
START what is the arabic word for haircut? END
START who allows the eating of kitniyot? END
START what type of judaism advocated segregation from non-jewish culture? END
START what should individuals participate as little as possible in? END
START attending secular institution of higher education is viewed as necessary but inferior in what society? END
START what do a significant portion of boys remain in until marriage? END
START what is a torah study institute for married men called? END
START what does haredi judaism refuse to advocate? END
START in what interpretation are haredi and modern orthodoxy the same? END
START what is not a legitimate means of livelihood in haredi society? END
START where is it necessary for a haredi jew to attend college? END
START who is not allowed to proceed to higher torah studies? END
START where was the written law and the oral law transmitted? END
START who spoke the words of the torah to moses? END
START what were the laws contained in the written torah known as? END
START where is moses miraculously transported to? END
START what law is held to be transmitted with an extremely high degree of accuracy? END
START who holds that the oral law was not transmitted on mt. sinai? END
START what was given very few explanations on how to use it? END
START which law is set so that no new rules are created from it? END
START where was noah transported according to a story in the talmud? END
START what law is not considered to have a high degree of accuracy? END
START what maintains a historical understanding of jewish identity? END
START what does orthodoxy reject as a means of establishing jewish identiy? END
START what does orthodoxy strongly condemn? END
START what is intermarriage typically seen as? END
START what happens to most intermarried people in the orthodox community? END
START who maintains the modern understanding of jewish identity? END
START what is a person who is born to a jewish father considered? END
START what descent by the father does orthodoxy accept? END
START what form of marriage is an acceptance of judaism? END
START what does the orthodox community avoid doing to intermarried couples? END
START what do haredi judaism and modern orthodox judaism disagree about the application of? END
START what law is halakha to the orthodox jew? END
START basic respect for human beings is known as what? END
START the sanctiy of human life is known as what? END
START what does halakha guide? END
START which groups maintain significant agreement within orthodox judaism about halakha? END
START why must the halakha never be re-examined? END
START what are historical orthodox more willing to assume about changing realities? END
START what is a guide to the modern day jew? END
START what principles are never in opposition with each other? END
START what is jewish law today based on? END
START what does the halakha represent to orthodox judiasm? END
START where were the rules about the torah revealed to moses by god? END
START how many rules are jewish law derived from? END
START what law is considered to be no less the word of god? END
START what is the commandments in the torah based on according to modern day judaism? END
START which literature debated the accuracy of the commandments in the torah? END
START what does modern judaism hold about the halakha? END
START what was given to noah on mt. sinai? END
START which kind of law is consider less because there is no written account? END
START what overlaps significantly with hasidic judiasm? END
START what overlaps significantly with haredi judiasm? END
START who founded what is known as the baal shem tov? END
START what sought to combine rigourous scholarship with more emotional mitzvah observance? END
START what is the spoken word known as in hasidic judiasm? END
START what two forms of judaism have very little overlaps of beliefs?  END
START which form of judaism came before haredi judaism? END
START what tried to separate scholarship with emotional mitzvah?  END
START what is the spoken word of chasidic judiasm? END
START who was concerned that there was too much joy in the performance of the commandments? END
START what is the fertility rate among non-orthodox jewish families?? END
START what is the fertility rate among orthodox jewish families? END
START what is the rate of intermarriage among orthodox jews? END
START what is the intermarriage rate among non-orthodox jews? END
START how many raised on orthodox jewish homes abandon orthodox judaism typically? END
START what is happening to orthodox jewish communities because of intermarriage? END
START what is the fertility rate of american jewish communities? END
START who are non-orthodox jews allowed to marry in order to increase fertility rates? END
START what is decreasing among orthodox jews, according to the ny times? END
START what does the ny times claim that the rate of growth for non-orthodox jews will eventually mean? END
START orthodox jews subsciribing to modern orthodoxy tend to be what political alignment typically? END
START half of orthodox judiasm tends to lean to what political ideaology? END
START what political party is mostly supported by orthodox jews? END
START haredi and hasidic jewry have a stronger connection to what country? END
START haredi and hasidic jewry have an attachment to what movement? END
START which group that subscribes to modern orthodoxy are seen to be far more left-wing than non-orthodox jews? END
START which group of jews are neither conservative or liberal? END
START which group of jews show no supporter of either political party? END
START which country have the haredi and the hasidic jewry disowned?  END
START which movement have the haredi and hasidic jewry severed ties with? END
START what does the us national council for young isreal represent? END
START what is involvement with non-orthodox jews known as? END
START what is a core beliefe that was recognized as important by orthodox jews? END
START what is it important for both men and women orthodox jews to be able to do? END
START what council is considered to be anti-zionist? END
START what are affiliates of the state of israel typically not? END
START who avoids any practices with non-orthodox jews? END
START what is not considered to be a core belief of zionists? END
START who do the jews consider to be more worthy of a higher education? END
START what is the name of the movement of liberalism? END
START what sometimes prefers a more lenient position on dietray laws? END
START previous generations typically praciced a more lenient position in regard to what? END
START what are dietary laws known as? END
START what has not been challenged by scholars? END
START what has a lot of resemblance today as it did in the middle ages?  END
START what happened as a reaction to the conservatism movement? END
START what is not a religious requirement regarding dietary laws? END
START what explicitly prefers a more stricter position regarding passover dietary laws? END
START when can the roots of orthodox judaism be traced to? END
START when did the german jewry seek to reform jewish belief? END
START what did orthodox jews seek to modernize? END
START what did the german jewry reject about the torah? END
START which century can the roots of orthodox judaism trace back to? END
START when did the roman jewry attempt to reform jewish beliefs? END
START what did the german jewry attempt in response to the middle ages? END
START who made the claim that the torah had divine authorship? END
START what part of the torah was considered non-binding? END
START what do orthodox jews express ambivalence towards? END
START what is the administration of the state of isreal seen as? END
START what does the state of isreal place emphasis on besides militarism? END
START what does the state of isreal place emphasis on in addition to nationalism? END
START what is the zionist administrartion of the state of israel seen as according to the judaic way of life? END
START who is not ambivalent toward zionism? END
START which groups of orthodox jews are outspokenly pro-zionistic?  END
START what ideology do many orthodox jews see as in support of the torah? END
START what do orthodox jews see as a benefit to the judaic way of life? END
START who is in charge of the zionist administration?  END
START tamudic schools are known as what? END
START what are the colleges married men study in called? END
START haredi and chassidic communities are threatened by assimilation and intermarriage so they do not do what with non-orthodox populaions? END
START haredi jews do not share what with other jewish sects? END
START what resulted in the rise of heterogeneous enclaves?  END
START who refused to practice assimilation and intermarriage in enclaves? END
START what practice proved unsuccessful to the adherents of orthodox judaism? END
START which communities have grown slowly? END
START who estimate that less jewish men are studying in talmudic schools? END
START what considers itself the only true heir to the jewish tradition? END
START what do orthodox jewish movements consider all other non-orthodox moments? END
START what do orthodox jewish groups characterize non-orthodox form of judiasm as? END
START orthodox jewish groups reject what precedent? END
START what does orthodox judaism consider itself along with several other groups in the jewish tradition? END
START who do the orthodox jews consider to be acceptable deviations of judaism? END
START what do the non-orthodox jews consider the orthodox jewish movement to be? END
START what is the acceptance of the witten and oral torah considered to be? END
START what do non-orthodox jews characterize orthodox jewish groups to be? END
START where do many american orthodox jews live? END
START borough park, midwood, williamsburg and crown heights have particularly large communities of what? END
START where is a sizeable and rapidly growing orthodox community currently located besides new york state? END
START where is the most rapidly growing community of american orthodox jews located? END
START which country contains only a few small jewish communities? END
START what area have many american orthodox jews left? END
START which ny borough have very small jewish communities?  END
START where is an increasingly shrinking community of american orthodox jews located? END
START what area besides new york are the orthodox communities in decline? END
START who did the modern orthodoxy arise from? END
START what do most jews consider modern orthodoxy today? END
START the neo-orthodox movement holds that who's views are not accurately followed by the mordern orthodoxy? END
START who believe that modern orthodoxy arose from eastern european jewry? END
START what is not considered traditional today by most jews? END
START who considers modern orthodoxy to have completely valid elements? END
START who holds that hirsch's views are accurate? END
START what is classical orthodoxy considered by the western european jewry? END
START what do orthodox jews turn to for guidance and practical application of jewish law? END
START there is a large degree of what amongst all orthodox jews? END
START what is the differences among regions in practices known as? END
START why are the codes and responsa different in regards to details? END
START who do the orthodox jews avoid for guidance in practical application of jewish law? END
START who created the code of jewish law in the 12th century? END
START what causes a large degree of differences regarding all orthodox jews? END
START what is responsible for the common philosophy's of all orthodox jews? END
START what was developed recently to standardize codes?  END
START who held the opinion that judiasm demands and application of torah thought to the entire realm of human experience? END
START what was hirsch's approach called? END
START what was the torah im dereche eretz aslo known as? END
START the torah im derech eretz insisted that jews should attempt to engage and influence what? END
START who held that judaism demands an application of the bible through human experience? END
START what discipline is not included in hirsch's opinion? END
START where did hirsch believe that jewish beliefs had no influence?  END
START what studies were not encouraged by hirsch? END
START what two societies did the jews refuse to engage with? END
START where does the word animal come from? END
START what does the latin word animalis mean? END
START the word animal is usually only used to refer to what? END
START the biological definition of the word animal refers to all member of what kingdom? END
START what are some of the creatures included in the kingdom of animalia? END
START what type of cells do all animals have? END
START what is the extracellular matrix surrounding eukaryotic cells made of? END
START what is formed when the collagen and elastic glycoproteins surrounding eukaryotic cells are calcified?  END
START how are cells held in place in plants and fungi? END
START what are the intercellular junctions unique to animal cells? END
START what is the biological interaction where a predator feeds on its prey called? END
START the act of predation typically results in what for the prey? END
START what is the consumption of dead organic matter called? END
START why do parasitic species lay their eggs on their prey? END
START the evolutionary arms race between prey and predator has resulted in what? END
START ctenophora and the cnidaria include what sea creatures? END
START the digestive chambers of the ctenophora and the cnidaria serve as what? END
START what are the 2 main germ systems in the ctenophora and the cnidaria called? END
START what are the ctenophora and the cnidaria animals sometimes called? END
START what differentiates placozoans from the ctenophora and the cnidaria? END
START what sets animals apart from bacteria  and most protists? END
START what are organisms called that digest food in an internal chamber? END
START what is another way in which animals are distinguished from plants and algae? END
START the blastula stage is a characteristic exclusive to what organism? END
START what is the hollow sphere that a zygote initially develops into called? END
START in sponges, how do blastula develop into a new sponge? END
START what are the 2 germ layers formed by most blastula? END
START what may be formed between the external ectoderm and an internal endoderm layers? END
START what do the external ectoderm and an internal endoderm layers develop into? END
START how long ago do some paleontologists believe that animals first appeared? END
START fossils found in the tonian period indicate the presence of what creatures? END
START triploblastic worms were comparable in size to what other creatures? END
START when was the beginning of the tonian period? END
START what produces tracks similar to the fossilized tracks discovered by paleontologists? END
START it is believed that animals evolved from what? END
START what are the closest known living relatives of animals? END
START what is the name of the supergroup that animals have been placed in by molecular studies? END
START the opisthokonts also include what other organisms? END
START where does the name opisthokonts come from? END
START what is the group of animals that often have a specialized head with feeding and sensory organs called? END
START how many openings in the digestive chamber do animals in the bilateria group have? END
START what are the openings in the digestive chambers for animals in the bilateria group called? END
START what is the internal body cavity of animals in the bilateria group called? END
START what are some examples of non-bilaterian animals? END
START what are animals whose body plans display bilateral symmetry called? END
START animals in what group are thought to form a monophyletic group? END
START what groups is named after the trait of growth by moulting or ecdysis? END
START what are some animals in the arthropoda group? END
START organisms in the arthropoda group have bodies that are divided into what? END
START what groups are relatives of the arthropods? END
START what is another name for roundworms? END
START why is it more economical for scientists to study a small number of species? END
START which organisms were among the first life-forms to be genetically sequenced? END
START why are  the fruit fly and the nematode the most intensively studied metazoan model organisms? END
START analysis of what genome has emphasised the importance of sponges, placozoans, and choanoflagellates  in explaining the arrival of 1500 ancestral genes unique to the eumetazoa? END
START what are two of the most successful animal phyla? END
START what are some of the animals in mollusca? END
START what are some of the animals in annelida? END
START why are the mollusca and annelida considered to be close relatives? END
START what are the phyla that have a ring of ciliated tentacles around the mouth called? END
START animal phyla that are recognized for their lack of bilateral symmetry are thought to have come from where? END
START which animal represents the oldest animal phyla? END
START how do sponges typically feed? END
START during what time were a series of phylogenomic studies conducted that found support for comb jellies as the basal lineage of animals? END
START what do deuterostomes and protostomes have in common? END
START in which group does the anus form first, with the mouth developing secondarily? END
START what is the process in which cells fill in the interior of the gastrula to form the mesoderm called? END
START what is the process in which the mesoderm is formed through invagination of the endoderm called? END
START what do deuterostome embryos undergo during cell division? END
START what is another name for flatworm? END
START what are some parasites included in the platyhelminthes group? END
START what does acoelomates mean? END
START what are the flatworms closest relative? END
START where are the rotifera most prominent? END
START how do most animals use the energy of sunlight? END
START what do plants use to convert inorganic molecules into carbohydrates, fats, proteins and other biomolecules? END
START what does photosynthesis convert the energy of sunlight into? END
START when an animal eats plants or another animal that has eaten plants, what happens to the reduced carbon compounds in the food? END
START what happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy? END
START what is the process of making beer called? END
START what is a building called that is used for making beer? END
START what is company that makes beer typically known as?  END
START what is beer classified as when it is made for non-commerical consumption?  END
START in what year was home brewing first allowed in the uk? END
START in 1973 what did australia allow? END
START the us was the last contry to allow homebrewing in which year? END
START a commercial building for brewing beer is called what? END
START brewing beer is subject to what in all countries? END
START what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1936? END
START what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1927? END
START what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1987? END
START what became a hobby in the us due to relaxed laws in 1987? END
START in breweries, what do you call a small vat that is filled with hops? END
START in what phase of brewing does hopped wort become beer?  END
START what substance settles and make beer clear after it ferments?  END
START how long does the fermentation process take in brewing beer?  END
START what substance is added to hopped wort once it cools after boiling?  END
START after what process is the hopped yeast cooled? END
START what is a backhop? END
START what is the hopped yeast usually cooled for? END
START what does fine particulate yeast produce? END
START what color is the beer after the wort settles? END
START what is the main source of starch and most beer? END
START at what point does barley have it's hull broken up into pieces? END
START what takes the place of barley malt in gluten-free beer? END
START when is sweet wort separated during the brewing process? END
START aside from barley, what is a another product founded beer that might contain gluten? END
START what does all beer include as the majority of malt? END
START what is done to the barley after it is milled? END
START what do the remaining grain pieces act as during lautering? END
START what is the beer containing wheat, barley, and rye called when made with sorghum as well? END
START what is a brewery called that makes a small amount of beer? END
START in general, how much beer can a microbrewery make and still be classified as a microbrewery? END
START what would you call a microbrewery that also has a restaurant or a pub? END
START what city is home to the oldest known brewery in the world that is still active? END
START what year was the benedictine weihenstephan brewery first licensed as a brewery? END
START how often can a microbrewery produce 396 thousand us gallons? END
START what exists in the franconia region of german? END
START how many breweries does the upper german region have? END
START what can trace its roots to the year 786? END
START what brewery was licensed in 1004? END
START what is the main source of the alcohol in beer? END
START what is the process during brewing in which sugar is metabolized into alcohol? END
START at what concentration can yeast no longer survive in alcohol? END
START what could decrease alcohol content during the brewing process? END
START why would more fermentable sugars be added to be beer during the brewing process? END
START where do the sugars in beer come from? END
START what are primary factors that determine the amount of sugars in the final beer? END
START what is yeast toxic to? END
START what decreases wort content? END
START what would you call a beer that has not been filtered or pasteurized? END
START what would you call a frame that holds the cask of beer horizontally when it arrives at the pub? END
START what temperature are cask ales stored at before being tapped? END
START how long does it take for sediment to settle and clear after a cask ale has been tapped? END
START what tool is used to pull beer from a cask to serve? END
START what are cask ales termed by the carma organisation?  END
START what cools at a temperature of 11-13 degrees f? END
START what cools at a temperature of 52-55 degrees c? END
START what takes beer several hours to do after being tapped and vented? END
START what type of alcohol is found in beer? END
START how is alcohol measured in the human body? END
START what type of alcohol is found in wine and distilled spirits? END
START what is it called when someone dies from inhaling vomit? END
START what could be caused by a 0.80% blood alcohol content in a human? END
START what does ethyl alcohol contain? END
START what does abc stand for? END
START what does a bac of 0.3% - 1.2% typically causes what? END
START what does an abc of 0.09% to 0.25% cause? END
START what does an abc of .35% to 0.80% cause? END
START what types of containers is beer generally sold in? END
START in addition to bottles and cans, how is beer often sold in bars? END
START in general, what is usually the alcohol content in most beer? END
START what festivals are a social tradition in many beer drinking countries? END
START what is a pub game that is popular in many beer drinking nations? END
START what is the alcohol content in all beer? END
START what is the highest percentage of alcohol in beer available? END
START what is the most popular pub game? END
START how many brewing companies are there? END
START what is the strength of beer in pubs? END
START where is beer in bottles and cans most commonly sold? END
START the strength of what varies between 0.4% and 50% END
START what activities are common with beer festivals? END
START what is the main ingredient in beer? END
START what type of water is good for making stout beer, like guinness? END
START what type of water is best for making pale lager? END
START what is the process called when gypsum is added to water? END
START what type of beer benefits most from water that contains gypsum? END
START what is composed of mostly beer? END
START what kind of beer is dublin's soft water well-suited to make? END
START what kind of beer is the plzen region's hard water well-suited to make? END
START what kind of beer is the urquell waters in england ideal for? END
START in what year did william iv adopt a purity law pertaining to beer? END
START what was the title of william iv in 1516? END
START what was the name of the purity law that regulated beer in 1516, and is still in use today? END
START aside from water and hops, what is the only other ingredient allowed in beer? END
START who was the duke of bavaria in 1516? END
START in 1517 william iv adopted which law pertaining to beer? END
START what law stated that only ingredients in beer were to be water, hops and corn? END
START the development of thermometers was the main factor that changed brewing by allowing what? END
START what was the name of the purity law that reulated beer in 1500? END
START what was adopted in 1615? END
START what did william vi adopt? END
START what is the oldest food-quality law in use in the 19th century? END
START what did the development of hyrdrothermometers change? END
START what is the main cause for the bitterness in beer? END
START what is the main goals for the sweetness of beer? END
START how is the bitterness in most beers generally measured? END
START the acidity of what ingredient acts as a preservative in beer? END
START what do you call the length of time that foam is on top of beer because of carbonation? END
START what does beer contain that brewers desire in hops? END
START what is measured by the bitterness international units scale? END
START what is retention head? END
START what type of effect do floral hops have? END
START what is the first step of brewing when malted barley is mixed with hot water? END
START how is hot water referred to by brewers? END
START how long does the mashing step in the brewing process last? END
START in brewing, what do starches become during the mashing process? END
START what is it called when used grain is separated in the brewing process? END
START the 2nd step where maltd barley is mixed with hot water is known as what? END
START how long does the mashing process where the sweet wort is drained off the grains last? END
START during the sparging process what do startches turn into? END
START the modern process of wort separation called lautering uses what as the filter medium? END
START what process takes 12 hours? END
START what does sparging convert starches into? END
START what does wort separation filters barley from? END
START what is the modern process for wort separation called? END
START what causes fermentation during the brewing process when making a beer? END
START which ingredient gives beer its flavor? END
START what vegetable is sometimes used as a grain source for beer in brazil? END
START what is a popular grain source for brewing beer in mexico? END
START in a recipe, what would you call the list of each source of starch in beer? END
START what are several widely used starch sources that are used and found in various countries? END
START what is the bill grain? END
START what are the basic ingredients of water? END
START what does starch turn into when fermented in addition to carbon? END
START in what year were hops first known to be used in beer? END
START what name was adalhard the elder also known as in 822 ad? END
START in which century were hops first widely cultivated for making beer? END
START in which century did hops become the most popular flavoring for beer? END
START what would you call a mixture of ingredients used for brewing before the 16th century? END
START what was first mentioned in 282 ad? END
START what did elder the adalhard write? END
START what else was elder the adalhard known as? END
START what does heather scottish ales use in place of hops? END
START what does lancelot cervoise have in place of hops? END
START in what year was the name porter first used for a dark beer? END
START in what year was the name stout first used to describe a dark beer? END
START what do you call a dark beer that is brewed with roasted malts or barley? END
START what type of yeast is used to make stout and porter beers? END
START in what country was porter beer popular in 1721? END
START what name was first used in 1712? END
START what name was used as early as 1767? END
START what are made with slow fermenting malts? END
START what is imperial porter a type of? END
START what percentage of beer was sold in cans in sweden in 2001? END
START what company first created the full aperture can for beer? END
START in what year did crown holdings create a can with a removable lid for beer? END
START what is it called when light damages beer that is not in a can? END
START what were cans originally believed to maintain in beer? END
START how much beer was sold in cans in sweden during the year 2010? END
START what technology was developed by crown holdings in 2001? END
START what does pet stand for? END
START what major sporting event was held in 2001? END
START how much alcohol is in schorschbock 57? END
START how much alcohol was in the end of history beer? END
START what company made the end of history beer in 2010? END
START what is a strong ale called when it is frozen partially, and then the ice is removed again and again? END
START how much alcohol was contained in the beer sink the bismarck? END
START what beer with a 57.5% abv was made in 2010? END
START what beer with a 55% abv was made in 2011? END
START when was the 31% hair of the dog's dave made? END
START what 60% abv combination was made in a dutch brewery in 2011? END
START what kind of containers are used for bottle conditioned beers? END
START what do bottle conditioned beers contain that most fears do not? END
START what ingredient is filtered out of most beers when it is packaged in bottles and cans? END
START what are the recommendations for pouring bottle conditioned beers? END
START what type of bottle conditioned beer is customarily poured with the yeast in it? END
START filtering clears all beers of what? END
START where is yeast left when serving a hefeweizen wheet beer? END
START what happens to 9% of the contents of a hefeweizen? END
START in addition to a lack of muscle tone, what is believed to be the main cause of the beer belly? END
START what condition was attributed to binge drinking in a 2004 study? END
START what is believed to be the glycemic index in beer? END
START what is the glycemic index in maltose? END
START what is caused by overeating and drinking beer? END
START what did a 2400 study find a link between? END
START some books quote a glycemic index of 114 for what? END
START what type of starch is used to make the beer oshikundu? END
START in what country is the beer oshikundu produced? END
START in what country is the beer tella produced?  END
START what is the name of the millet based porridge like beer made in kyrgystan? END
START what is a beer-like beverage in china that is made with rice? END
START what are various beers made from in ethiopia? END
START what is a popular beverage in the far eastern himalayas?  END
START where is the rice based oshikundu found? END
START when does evidence show the earliest known barley beer was produced? END
START in what country was the earliest chemical evidence of barley beer found? END
START what country are the zargos mountains located in? END
START what year were the elbow tablet first discovered? END
START what ingredient is used for amylotytic fermentation in sake? END
START when does evidence show the earliest known beer was produced? END
START what mountains are located in eastern iran? END
START what tablets were discovered in syria in 1970? END
START sake, made with rice and fruit, was produced in china around which year? END
START which kind of beer used mould in the process? END
START what dates to circa 3500-1300 bc? END
START what site was the earliest known chemical evidence of barley beer found on in the iran mountains?  END
START what did the hymn to gilgamesh serve as? END
START what may the epic of ninkasi have referred to? END
START what was discovered in 1947? END
START what is a kettle called that is used to boil sweet wort after sparging? END
START how long is sweet wort boiled for after sparging? END
START what does boiling sweet wort destroy? END
START what affect do hops have in brewing when they brew for a long time? END
START where is the sparge collected from wort put into? END
START when does water in the sugar evaporate? END
START during what process is the remaining sugar destroyed? END
START during what stage can starch sources be added at more than one point? END
START what increases the longer the starches are boiled? END
START what is generally used as starch in most beer? END
START how does grain become malted? END
START what kind of container is partially germinated grain dried in? END
START what happens to grain when it is soaked in water? END
START what does a grains starch become after an is malted? END
START what material does the flavour source in beer provide? END
START what is the most common enzyme source used in beer? END
START what is malted by soaking it in a kiln? END
START what do different roasting sugars produce? END
START how many liters of beer are bought and sold every year? END
START how much revenue did beer bring in in 2006? END
START what year was the brewing company sabmiller founded? END
START what company acquired the anheuser-busch brewing company in 2008? END
START what was the largest brewing company in the world in 2015? END
START what is sold in the amount of 53 billion gallons per year? END
START what year did global revenues of $147.7 occur? END
START what brewery did the north american miller brewing company buy in 2002? END
START what brewery followed sabmiller as the second largest in 2002? END
START which brewery followed heineken international as the second largest in 2015? END
START what does abv stand for? END
START what process can cause beer to have a 55% abv? END
START what is the typical alcohol content of a pale logger? END
START what type of low alcohol beer is sometimes served in school? END
START what percentage of alcohol by volume does beer achieve when it is re-pitched with champagne yeast? END
START what does avb stand for? END
START what ranges from 3% to 6%? END
START what drink ranges from 3% to 5% abv? END
START where are british ales served instead of soft drinks? END
START what process achieves a 14% abv? END
START what is the term used for the study of beer? END
START what is a professional called at a restaurant who advises customers about beer and food pairs? END
START what is a popular drinking game where beer is often considered? END
START what is the most popular alcoholic drink in most societies? END
START what is the most popular drink in society? END
START what new profession deals with food? END
START what is the study of beer and food called? END
START what is most popular alcoholic drink in the world? END
START what is believed to be the oldest alcoholic drinking the world? END
START what is the term used to describe the making beer? END
START what brewing process naturally carbonates beer? END
START what prayer did people use in mesopotamia to remember a beer recipe? END
START what is the oldest drink in the world? END
START what is all beer flavoured with? END
START what starch is always used in the fermentation process? END
START what is the prayer in the code of hammurabi? END
START who is the world's goddess of beer? END
START what two drinks follow beer as the most popular? END
START what involves the fermentation of hops? END
START what types of cereal grains is beer flavored with? END
START what did the code of ninkasi include? END
START what is the hymn to haammurabi? END
START what year were hops first believed to be added to beer? END
START on what continent were hops first added to beer? END
START what was a carolingian abbot credited for adding to beer in 822? END
START who was believed to have added hops to beer in 1067? END
START where did abbess hildegard live? END
START what was a carolingian abbot credited for adding to beer in 1067? END
START in which year did the germanic and celtic tribes add hops to beer? END
START what town first added hops to beer? END
START in addition to hops, what did the early european beers contain? END
START in 822 what did abbess hilegard add to beer? END
START what was spread through europe as far back as 1067 bc? END
START what was first added around 282? END
START who first mentioned hops in 282? END
START who was the second to mention hops in 1076? END
START what is the origin of the word ale? END
START what is the origin of the word beer? END
START what word means to drink in latin? END
START what 12th century poet once wrote "ale it is called among men, but among the gods, beer."? END
START what is the plural of the word ale? END
START what does the word alu hold connotations of? END
START what does the 12th-century old germanic poem alvissmal say? END
START what is the latin word for barley? END
START how much alcohol is contained in the beer vetter 33? END
START what was the strongest beer in 1994 according to the guinness book of world records? END
START what brewing company produced the beer millennium? END
START what year did the brewing company brewdog start producing a beer called ghost deer? END
START what do brewing companies sometimes use to give more alcohol content to their beer? END
START what beer has a 10.5% volume by alcohol?  END
START what was the strongest beer in the 1949 guinness book of world records? END
START what percentage abv did adams samuel first reach by using champagne yeasts? END
START what was the abv of utopias that was brewed in britain?  END
START what was produced in september of 2001? END
START what beer is better for the environment than bottled beer? END
START how many pounds of co2 emissions are attributed to just one sixpack of microbrew? END
START what type of container can be used to transport draft beer, and is better for the environment that a bottle? END
START how much habitat is damaged from just one sixpack of microbrew? END
START how many square feet is 2.5 square meters? END
START what beer is better for the environment than draught beer? END
START what produces about 6.6 kilograms of co2 emissions?  END
START what can cause a loss of 2.5 square feet of natural habitat? END
START what can buying bottled beer reduce? END
START what technology support the drinking of chilled beer? END
START at what cool temperature is a beers flavor reduced? END
START when is a beer at its most flavorful? END
START what country is the organisation cask marque located? END
START in what decade did drinking chilled pale lager become popular? END
START what began in the 1780s? END
START what countries began drinking chilled beer in the 1780s? END
START what is marque cask? END
START what temperature standard has marque cask set? END
START what happens to beer chilled below 15.5 degrees f? END
START what is beers primary active ingredient? END
START what disease can be caused by heavy alcohol consumption? END
START how many deaths are believed to have been caused by alcohol? END
START what is the third leading cause of premature dying in the us? END
START how many years are removed from an alcoholic's life expectancy? END
START what is the main active ingredient of alcohol?  END
START what are 3.3% of all deaths believed to be due to? END
START what are 5.9 million deaths believed to be due to? END
START what reduces a person's life expectancy by around three years? END
START what is the tenth leading cause of early death in the united states? END
START what hormone can be triggered by the flavor of beer alone in males? END
START what year did the neuropsychopharmacology journal publist a study about the effect on the brain of beers flavor? END
START what taste could significantly impact a man's desire to drink? END
START how many men were studied for tests on the flavor of beer in the neuropsychopharmacology journal in 2013? END
START what did a 2031 study reveal? END
START what journal published the study about the 94 men? END
START what taste increased participants desire to drink compared with beer? END
START what word was dropped as a racial classification in this year's census? END
START what were people that had black and white ancestor classified as in this census?  END
START how were people with both black and american indian ancestry recorded in this census?  END
START what is it called when a mixed race person in recorded as negro in this census, even if only a fraction of their ancestry is black? END
START which parent was the deciding factor for how interracial persons were recorded in this census?  END
START in what year were census respondents first able to select more than one race?  END
START how many american reported being of more than one race in the census 2000? END
START what year was the last census before the census 2000? END
START how many race categories were respondents able to select in the census 2000? END
START what organization recommended that race and ethnicity categories be combined into one question for the 2000 us census? END
START in what year are or racial categories first revised for the 2000 u.s. census? END
START prior to 1997, where were racial categories declared for the u.s. census? END
START how did racial categories appear in the us 2000 census? END
START who defines the concept of race in the united states census? END
START what do the race categories in the us census include in addition to race? END
START in addition to social and cultural characteristics, what else is taken into account for race classification in the us census? END
START how many ethnic categories are there in the us census? END
START in addition to hispanic and latino, what other ethnic category is included in the united states census? END
START what association criticized the separation of race and ethnicity in the uscensus? END
START members of what commission criticized the separation of race and ethnic city on the us census? END
START in ethnic classification for the u.s. census, what option do respondents have other than not hispanic or latino? END
START what country did president frankiln roosevelt have a good neighbor policy for in hopes of a better relationship? END
START in what year did a federal judge say that three immigrants from mexico were not eligible to be citizens because of their race? END
START what us president wanted to treat hispanic people as white by the federal government? END
START people of what descent were classified as white by the federal government at the suggestion of president roosevelt? END
START in 1935, what race was a person required to be to become a united states citizen? END
START who decided on the standards for the classification of race and ethnicity and federal data? END
START in what year did omb revise the standards for race and ethnicity classifications? END
START what did omb hope to provide with their revision on race and ethnicity in 1997? END
START how many races were people asked to mark on the us census after omb revised their standards in 1997? END
START how many races were people asked to report in the us census prior to 1997? END
START in what year were free persons first listed individually in the us census? END
START how were free persons listed in the us census prior to 1850? END
START in the 1850 us census, what was put into the color column for black persons? END
START if m was marked in the color column for a person in the 1850 census, how were they classified? END
START how were slaves listed in the 1850 us census? END
START what race selection did the census bureau consider getting rid of before the 2000 census? END
START in what year did the ancestery question stop appearing in the us census? END
START there were campaigns to try to get minorities to use what race category into 2010 census? END
START in addition to the census, where else is the "some other race" selection an option? END
START what act has rules and regulations for bilingual election?  END
START what act has rules and regulations for meeting the credit needs of minority populations? END
START what act has laws about equal employment opportunities for ethnic groups? END
START in what year was the term race first used in the u.s. census? END
START how often was a new questionnaire sheet used in the 1890 census? END
START how were residents listed in the census in 1890? END
START why were different east asian races divided in 1890 census? END
START how many ethnicities or federal agencies required to use in data collection? END
START how would a person of cuban origin be listed by the us census bureau? END
START aside from hispanic or latino, what other ethnicity are federal agencies required to use? END
START in which ethnic category would a person of mexican origin be listed by the us census bureau? END
START in what ethnic category would a person from puerto rico to be listed in the united states census? END
START what is the us dollar based upon? END
START how much monetary value does a dime hold? END
START how much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1800s? END
START what was the maximum value a gold coin used to be able to have? END
START in what legislation was the term "eagle" used? END
START what is the union based upon? END
START how much monetary value does a treasury hold? END
START how much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1900s? END
START what was the maximum value paper money used to be able to have? END
START in what legislation was the term "denomination" used? END
START which symbol is used to represent the dollar? END
START what abbreviation was the dollar sign based off of? END
START what was the common name for the spanish dollar? END
START which century signalled the end of the spanish dollar? END
START in which region of the world were the spanish pesos minted? END
START which symbol is used to represent the peso? END
START what abbreviation was the minted sign based off of? END
START what was the common name for the spanish sign? END
START which century signaled the end of the sign? END
START in which region of the world were spanish signs minted? END
START what color was predominantly used? END
START which organization filed an accessibility lawsuit? END
START other than the $100 bill, which other note is not going to be redesigned? END
START who are currency readers meant to assist? END
START the redesign of notes is being planned by which organization? END
START what color was rarely used? END
START which organization filed a numeral lawsuit? END
START other than the $2 bill, which other note is not going to be redesigned? END
START who are transition periods meant to assist? END
START the transition period is being planned by which organization? END
START who has the power "to coin money"? END
START which section indicates the methods in which the dollar should be issued? END
START coins are considered legal tender for which kind of transaction? END
START what is an example of a copper alloy dollar? END
START what is the pure silver dollar referred to as? END
START who has the power "to tender money"? END
START which section indicates the methods in which coins should be issued? END
START coins are considered illegal tender for which type of transactions? END
START what is an example of a silver alloy debt? END
START what is the impure silver dollar referred to as? END
START who began minting the coins known as joachimstalers? END
START what is the modern name for st. joachim's valley? END
START what were the joachimstalers composed of? END
START how did the word "taler" translate into italian? END
START other than "taler", what is the other name of the german coin? END
START who began minting the coins known as hungarian? END
START what is the modern name for joachimsthal? END
START what were the dutch composed of? END
START how did the word "silver" translate into italian? END
START other than "taler" what is the other name of the italian coin? END
START what condition does a person have to meet to  be allowed by law on a coin? END
START having portraits of leaders on coins was compared to who's policies? END
START when did modern day currency start getting the faces that they have? END
START other than greek and roman mythology, who else was featured on the "heads" side of past coins? END
START what was the last coin to be converted to the modern day style of having historic americans on the face? END
START what condition does a person have to meet to be in mythology? END
START having mythology on coins was compared to whose policies? END
START when did modern day currency start getting the native americans they have? END
START other than greek and roman mythology, who else was featured on the "heads" of past monarchs? END
START what was the last coin to be converted to the modern day style of having mythology on the face? END
START which year was it when paper money was first issued without the backing of precious metals? END
START what was the first war that caused paper money to be issued? END
START which other war also caused a disconnect between paper money and precious metals? END
START the quick loss in value of paper money resulted in which phrase being hear? END
START the loss in value resulted in a clause being written in which article in the us constitution? END
START which year was it when paper money was first issued without the backing of the articles of confederation? END
START what was the first war that caused silver money to be issued? END
START which other war also caused a disconnect between the united states constitution? END
START the quick loss in value of silver resulted in which phrase being heard? END
START the loss in value resulted in a clause being written in which article in the articles of confederation? END
START in which year was the new $1 us presidential coin introduced? END
START what does the reverse side of the new coins feature? END
START what is the official version of "in god we trust" printed on the coins?  END
START which inscription was eliminated due to the statue of liberty being added to the coin? END
START which president will have two coins with his portrait on it? END
START in which year was the new roosevelt presidential coin introduced? END
START what does the reverse side of the roosevelt coin feature?  END
START what is the official version of "liberty" printed on the coins? END
START which inscription was eliminated due to roosevelt being added to the coin? END
START which president will have two dimes with his portrait on it? END
START who can create "new high-powered money"? END
START who does the federal reserve have to place an order with for printed money? END
START which organization stamps coins? END
START which bureau prints new dollars? END
START who can freely withdraw from  their reserve accounts at the federal reserve? END
START who can create reserve accounts? END
START who do the reserve accounts have to place an order with for printed money? END
START which organization orders existing funds? END
START which bureau reserves high-powered money? END
START who can freely withdraw from their federal reserve accounts at the bureau of engraving and printing? END
START during which times does the value of the dollar typically decline? END
START when was the federal reserve established? END
START what was the federal reserve designed to furnish? END
START what had previously kept prices stable? END
START how much did the us prices deflate in the 1930s? END
START during which times does the value of the dollar typically maintain value? END
START when was the civil reserve established? END
START what was the civil reserve designed to furnish? END
START what had previously kept prices declining? END
START how much did the us prices inflate in the 1930s? END
START what would zero inflation mean for the us dollar over time? END
START what would result in a slow declining of the value of the dollar over time? END
START who is in favor of a zero inflation policy? END
START a zero inflation policy would limit who's influence and ability to react? END
START with a zero inflation rate, what would the central bank be unable to do other than control interest rates? END
START what would zero inflation mean for control interest over time? END
START what would result in a slow declining of the value of control interest over time? END
START a zero inflation policy would limit who's influence and stimulate the economy? END
START with a zero inflation rate, what would stable inflation be unable to do other than control interest rates? END
START what would mean a continuously but slowly stimulating of the economy? END
START what is "dollars" a reference to? END
START how much value did a spanish milled dollar have in relation to spanish units of currency? END
START how much value was one dollar meant to be equivalent to? END
START how many grains of standard silver were meant to be in a single dollar? END
START how many grains of pure silver were meant to be in a single dollar? END
START what is "section" a reference to? END
START how much value did a spanish milled dollar have in relation to coins of the united states? END
START how much value was one grain meant to be equivalent to? END
START how many single silver dollars were meant cost one dollar to make? END
START how many grains of pure silver were meant to be in a single milled dollar? END
START what is a "grand" sometimes shortened to? END
START what is another term other than "large" that means a stack of mutiple thousands? END
START what is a "c-note" a reference to? END
START which note is occasionally called a "yardstick"? END
START what is another term for "bigface" notes? END
START what is a "sawbuck" sometimes shortened to? END
START what is another term other than "sawbuck" that means a stack of multiple thousands? END
START what is a g-note a reference to? END
START which note is occasionally called a largestick? END
START what is another term for obverse notes? END
START what defined the us dollar? END
START what was the dollar based on? END
START how many grams of gold roughly were in an eagle? END
START who made the decision to base the american unit on the weight on the spanish dollar? END
START what was the average weight of a new spanish dollar in terms of grains? END
START what defined the hamilton? END
START what was the hamilton based on? END
START how many grams did an eagle weigh? END
START who made the decision to base the hamilton unit on the weight of the spanish dollar? END
START what was the average weight of the hamilton in grains? END
START what is specifically produced for collectors? END
START what is the percentage of silver in coins in the silver proofs? END
START when did the mint being producing proof sets? END
START other than the silver proof set, what other type of proof set exists? END
START when was the production of presidential dollar coins suspended? END
START what is specifically produced for budget constraints? END
START what is the percentage of silver in coins in the budget constraints? END
START when did the mint begin producing budget sets? END
START other than the silver budget set, what other type of budget set exists? END
START when was the production of silver coins suspended? END
START what dictates that a receipt for expenditures of all public money must be published? END
START which section specifically states that receipts for public money must be published? END
START which currency are the sums of money in the "statements" displayed in? END
START what is the unit of account of the united states? END
START what dictates that a receipt for expenditures of all public codes must be published? END
START which section specifically states that receipts for provisions must be published? END
START in which currency are the sums of provisions in the "statements" displayed in? END
START what is the unit of report provisions of the united states? END
START what shall not be published? END
START what is the highest currently printed denomination of bill? END
START in which year were notes valued above $100 no longer printed? END
START when were bills above the $100 denomination withdrawn from circulation? END
START what use of higher value bills prompted nixon to halt the use of said bills? END
START what was issued to halt the use of higher currency denomations? END
START what is the cost of an executive order? END
START in which year were notes valued below $1 no longer printed? END
START when were bills above the below the $1 withdrawn into circulation? END
START what use of lower value bills prompted nixon to halt the use of said bills? END
START what was issued to halt the use of lower currency denominations? END
START what is the british equivalent of a "buck"? END
START in which century can the term "buck" be traced back to? END
START what kind of trade may have been the origin of the "buck"? END
START what was the nickname given to the demand note dollars that were used to finance the civil war? END
START what color other than green was used on the backside of the original note? END
START what is the british equivalent of a "whole"? END
START in which century can the term "whole" be traced back to? END
START what kind of trade may have been the origin of the "whole"? END
START what was the nickname given to the demand bill dollars that were used to finance the buck? END
START what color other than red was used on the backside of the original note? END
START what was the value of the u.s. dollar no longer anchored to? END
START who's duty did it become to maintain the value of the u.s. currency? END
START what move did the federal reserve take that resulted in stagflation and the decline of the u.s. dollar? END
START what claimed that inflation and economic growth were linked? END
START how much value did the u.s. dollar lose between 1965 and 1981? END
START what was the value of the federal reserve no longer anchored to? END
START whose duty did it become to maintain the value of the federal reserve? END
START what move did the phillips take that resulted in stagflation and the decline of the u.s. dollar? END
START what claimed that inflation and the federal reserve were linked? END
START how much value did the federal reserve lose between 1965 and 1981? END
START what was the look of the dollar based on? END
START in which century did the spanish dollar start being used in spanish america? END
START when was the united states mint founded? END
START outside of mexico, where else was the spanish dollar minted? END
START when were the spanish dollar and mexican peso no longer accepted as legal tender? END
START what was the look of the colonies based on? END
START in which century did the spanish dollar start being used in new york? END
START when was the spanish mint founded? END
START outside of the netherlands, where else was the dutch dollar minted? END
START when were the dutch dollar and mexican peso no longer accepted as legal tender? END
START what was the name of the act introduced in the year 1900? END
START how much gold in grams was one dollar equivalent to? END
START how much was 1 troy ounce of gold worth? END
START which year brought the end to silver being in dimes and quarters? END
START which president confiscated gold coins? END
START what was the name of the act introduced in the year 1800? END
START how much silver in grams was one dollar equivalent to? END
START how much was 1 troy ounce of silver worth? END
START which of year brought the end to gold being in dimes and quarters? END
START which president confiscated silver coins? END
START where did error coins originate? END
START other than florida, which other state got send error coins? END
START how much were error coins initially worth for collectors? END
START what were some amateur collectors duped into buying? END
START what do vending machines commonly only accept? END
START where did permanent coins originate? END
START other than florida, which other state got sent permanent coins? END
START how much were permanent coins initially worth for collectors? END
START what were some cynics duped into buying? END
START what do collectors commonly only accept? END
START what power was congress given by the constitution? END
START what did congress authorize the federal reserve banks to do? END
START what are the notes issued by the federal reserve? END
START where, other than any federal reserve bank, can notes be redeemed? END
START since the 1970s, what is the only type of note that has remained in circulation? END
START what power was congress given by the federal reserve? END
START what did the constitution authorize the federal reserve banks to do? END
START what are the noted issued by congress? END
START where, other than congress can notes be redeemed? END
START since the 1970s, what is the only type of note that have been designated? END
START what is the short term goal of open market operations? END
START what does the federal reserve target? END
START what is the federal funds rate? END
START what is the cajoling of certain market players to achieve specified outcomes also known as? END
START what does "open mouth operations" mean? END
START what is the short term goal of open mouth operatioins? END
START what do open mouth operations target? END
START what is the federal specified outcome? END
START what is the cajoling of certain market players to achieve member bank rates also known as? END
START what does gold rate exchange mean? END
START when was the bretton woods system established? END
START what was the fixed value of gold? END
START what was the value of the u.s. dollar linked to? END
START what did banks and investors do that devalued the dollar? END
START in which year was gold convertability terminated? END
START when was the nixon woods system established? END
START what was the fixed value of stocks? END
START what was the value of the nixon investors linked to? END
START what did banks and investors do that terminated the dollar? END
START in which year were dollars terminated? END
START what kind of money is the u.s. dollar? END
START although for some countries the dollar is not their official currency, how do they use the currency? END
START other than the british virgin islands, what other area in the caribbean uses the dollar as it's sole currency? END
START for countries that use the dollar as their paper currency, what other currency do they make? END
START what is an example of a u.s. coin that can be used as payment in some countries? END
START what kind of money is the caribbean dollar? END
START although for some countries the caribbean dollar is not their official currency, how do they use the currency? END
START other than the british virgin islands, what other area in the caribbean uses the caribbean dollar as its sole currency? END
START for countries that use the caribbean dollar as their paper currency, what other currency do they make? END
START what is an example of a caribbean coin that can be used as payment in some countries? END
START what are dollar notes made from now adays? END
START what is most common paper made of? END
START since 1914, who issues the dollar banknotes? END
START how long do the current notes measure? END
START what size currency are the new smaller notes similar to? END
START what are phillipine notes made from now adays? END
START what is most common currency made of? END
START since 1911, who issues the dollar banknotes? END
START how long do the current reserves measure? END
START what size currency are the new larger notes similar to? END
START when was the mint act passed? END
START how many grains of silver did the mint act define the dollar as? END
START who suggested that the ratio of silver to gold should be fixed? END
START what market value were gold coins traded in relation to? END
START in what year did the shift in gold standard occur? END
START when was the standard act passed? END
START how many grains of gold did the mint act define the dollar as? END
START who suggested that the ratio of silver to dollars should be fixed? END
START what market value were other silver coins traded in relation to? END
START in what year did the shift in silver standard occur? END
START what are gold and silver coins valuable for now adays? END
START what are non primarily gold and silver coins valuable for? END
START what was the only coin with any silver content in circulation from 1965 to 1970? END
START what was the kennedy half dollar replaced with? END
START how much was the experimental stella coin valued at? END
START what is copper and nickel tender valuable for these days? END
START what are non copper and nickel coins  valuable for? END
START what was the only coin with any copper content in circulation from 1965 to 1970? END
START what was the kennedy dollar replaced with? END
START how much was the experimental kennedy coin valued at? END
START when were silver dollars first minted? END
START who was featured on the copper - nickel dollar? END
START which coin was introduced in 1979? END
START what did the new $1 coin minted in 2000 feature? END
START in which century were gold dollars minted? END
START when were gold dollars first minted? END
START who was featured on the milled dollar? END
START which coin was introduced in 1935? END
START what did the new $1 coin minted in 1935 feature? END
START in which century were milled dollars minted? END
START what do coins, federal reserve notes and deposits held by despository institutions make up? END
START what was the monetary base value in 1994? END
START how much did the monetar base value increase to in 2013? END
START how many times a year does the federal open market committee meet? END
START what would the federal reserve buy to try and increase money supply? END
START what do coins, federal reserve notes, and monetary policy make up? END
START what was the treasury bond value in 1994? END
START how much did the monetary base value increase to in 1994? END
START how many times a year does the federal reserve bank meet? END
START what would the federal open market committee buy to try and increase money supply? END
START what does the decline in value of the dollar correspond to? END
START the rise in level of prices in an economy is referred to as what? END
START what does cpi stand for? END
START who publishes the consumer price index? END
START what does the cpi estimate? END
START what does the decline in value of the average price correspond to? END
START what is the rise in level of living expenses in an economy referred to? END
START what is published by the cpi? END
START who publishes the prices of goods and services? END
START what does the bureau of labor statistics estimate? END
START when was the royal college of chemistry established? END
START which politicians donated funds to establish the royal college of chemistry? END
START who was the first professor of the royal college of chemistry? END
START why was the royal college of chemistry founded? END
START who supported the royal college of chemistry? END
START when was the royal college of chemistry established? END
START what was not well taught that led to the founding of the royal college of chemistry? END
START which country was ahead of the united kingdom in the teaching of chemistry? END
START which prince supported the establishment of the college? END
START who was the first professor of the college? END
START what college was established by private donations in 1845? END
START what subject was germany behind the uk in teaching? END
START who appealed for public funding of the college? END
START who requested to be the first professor? END
START when was the city and guilds college founded? END
START what was the aim of the city and guilds college when it was founded? END
START what were the main objectives of establishing the city and guilds college? END
START how much did the 1851 exhibition commissioners pay for the land that became the city and guilds college? END
START what was the former name of the city and guilds college? END
START which college was founded in 1876? END
START how many livery companies were in the meeting that founded the college? END
START what does cgli stand for? END
START other than conducting a system of qualifying examinations, what was the other main objective of the meeting of cgli? END
START how large was the land (in acres) that the institution was founded on? END
START what college was founded in the 19th century? END
START who met to improve workiong conditions for craftsmen? END
START who's main objective was to set work standards for craftsmen, technicins, technologists and engineers? END
START how large was the site in north kennsington? END
START what two colleges were form from the imperial college? END
START when did imperial announce their science park program at the wye campus? END
START when did imperial abandon their science park program? END
START when was the wye college campus closed? END
START where was imperial planning on launching their science park program? END
START where was imperial's science park programme located? END
START when was the science park programme abandoned? END
START how much money could the science park programme have raised for the college? END
START who did not know about the potential revenue that the programme could have raised initially? END
START what was closed on september 2009? END
START when did imperial announce a science lab programme? END
START what programme was started in september of 2006? END
START on what campus was the science park program built? END
START what scientific college developed an area of outstanding natural beuty? END
START what was the market value of the endowment the college received on july 31, 2015? END
START what is a "unitised scheme"? END
START how much did the market value of the college's endowment increase between 2014 and 2015? END
START how many percent did the college's endowment market value increase from 2014 to 2015? END
START how many distinct portfolios is the college's endownment divided into? END
START what is the term that represents a unit trust vehicle that allows endowments to be invested to produce returns for the lon term? END
START the 120 operational and developmental properties within the college that are not core to the academic mission belong to which portfolio? END
START the college's restricted equity holdings would be considered a part of which portion of the portfolio? END
START how much did the market value of the endowment increase by during the year 2014/2015? END
START when did the endowment increase by 512.4 million pounds? END
START how many nonoperational and development properties were in the portfolio? END
START how many properties were were core to the college's academic mission? END
START how many staff members did imperial submit assessments of for the ref assessment? END
START in the 2014 rankings produced by times higher education, what position was imperial ranked for gpa? END
START how many units of assessment did imperial submit? END
START how highly was imperial ranked in "research power" in 2014? END
START how many staff members did imperial claim to have in 2014? END
START what does ref stand for? END
START what was the percentage of imperials research that was seemed to be 3*? END
START what did the ref give imperial as an overall gpa? END
START what was imperial's overall gpa rank according to the times higher education? END
START how many staff were submitted over the 16 units of assessment? END
START what percentage of imperials research was declassified? END
START who was ranked 2nd overall in test scores? END
START who was ranked 6th and 7th in research power? END
START when was professor stefan grimm found dead? END
START when did imperial college make its first public announcement of stefan grimm's death? END
START how many times was professor stefan grimm's email viewed in the first four days after it was posted online? END
START what did professor grimm's last email accuse imperial college of before his death? END
START what did imperial college announce it would do after professor grimm's death? END
START which professor was found dead in september 2014? END
START to which department did the professor who passed in september 2014 belong? END
START what was the dead professor threatened with before his death? END
START how much did the grimm claim his employers said he should raise in grant money per year? END
START how many views did grimm's last email get in the first four days after it was posted? END
START who was fired for not raising grant money? END
START in what year was grimm killed? END
START what are police investigating? END
START what did the school acuse grimm of doing? END
START who did grimm bully? END
START which day was the imperial college boat club formed on? END
START how many alumni from imperial were a part of the gold medal winning gb8+? END
START what was the name of the coach of the gold medal winning gb8+? END
START which event has the boat club been highly successful at? END
START which event did the boat club claim victory in for 2013? END
START when was the imperial college yacht club founded? END
START who coached the team at the henley royal regatta? END
START where must clyub members attend school? END
START what event did the club loose in 2013? END
START what team consisted of 3 non alumni? END
START what school was established in 1851? END
START who established the royal school of mines? END
START a collection of miners, maps and mining equipment all belonged to what entity? END
START which famous prince was a patron at the royal school of mines? END
START which region did prince albert aim to make famous as an educational region? END
START what school was established in the 18th century? END
START what museum was founded by sir henry de la beche? END
START who created a school that established the foundation of education in the country? END
START who helped make the royal school of mines part of the royal college of chemistry? END
START who wanted to make north kensington an education region? END
START who granted imperial degree-awarding powers? END
START in which year was the london centre for nanotechnology established? END
START the londre centre for nanotechnology was a joint effort between ucl and which college? END
START what is the old name of the imperial college business school? END
START the faculties of life sciences and physical sciences merged in 2005 to become which faculty? END
START what school was given an award by the privy council? END
START when did the privy council give imperial an award? END
START what did ucl establish to compete with imperial college? END
START what busniss school was funded by the queen? END
START what two programs developed out of the faculty of natural sciences? END
START in which area in london is imperial's main campus located? END
START what is the area inside of south kensington where imperial is located known as? END
START in which decade did the expansion of the south kensington campus being? END
START who designed the imperial institue that was a victim of imperial's expansion in the 1950s & 1960s? END
START which landmark still remains from the imperial institue after imperial's expansion? END
START what school's main campus is located in north kent? END
START what area of kent is begining to develop cultural and academic institutions? END
START what are some of the institutions are across from imperial's main campus? END
START what campus reduced its size in the 1950's and 1960's? END
START what campus was absorbed by the imperial institute? END
START which centre provides electives outside of science for students? END
START outside of doing it on their own time, what other motivation could students have to take non mandatory electives? END
START which unit is a part of the co-curricular studies that offers master's degrees? END
START scientists seeking a master's degree might be interested in which other degree besides science communication from the science communication unit? END
START where are elective science courses offered? END
START what are all students required to do on their own time? END
START where can students get a degree in mass communication? END
START what language studies are required for students? END
START what statistic did the average imperial graduate rank the highest in for 2014? END
START which type of graduate from imperial earned the second highest average starting salary after graduation? END
START who ranked different graduates according to their average starting salary after graduation in the uk? END
START which prestigious newspaper ranked imperial college as one of the top 10 most welcomed universities by job markets? END
START in which year did imperial university claim the award for being voted the highest in the uk for job prospects? END
START what collegege had the highest higher rate in 2014 among graduates? END
START who ranked computing graduates as the 2nd most likely to find a job? END
START who ranked imperial as one of the most welcoming universities? END
START who ranks imperial as 1st in quality of graduates? END
START what does the abbreviation stoic stand for? END
START what is stoic's modern name? END
START when was imperial college union's tv station founded? END
START where was a cable link located that connected the southside halls of residence? END
START when was the station renamed to it's modern name? END
START when was the college radio station founded? END
START where is the radio station operated from? END
START how where news programs played for staff? END
START when was a cable link added to the dorms? END
START when did the society change its name from ictv END
START which famous automobile designer is considered a non - academic alumni? END
START which famous author is considered an alumni for imperial? END
START which airline's ceo can be called a non - academic alumni of imperial? END
START which incredibly prestigious position did huw thomas hold? END
START which hedge fund manager with a networth of over a billion is considered an alumni? END
START who are some academic alumni? END
START what hedge fund manager is an academic alumni? END
START who's doctor is an honorary graduate? END
START which society organized the great exhibition? END
START how much of a surplus did the great ehibition raise? END
START who insisted that the surplus from the great exhibition be used as a home for culture and education for all? END
START what was prince albert's commitment? END
START what did the royal colleges and imperial institute form when they merged? END
START what was organised by the royal society to promote the interests of the empire? END
START who insisted that the great exhibition surplus should be used to aid the poor? END
START what did prince albert want to find novel and abitious solutions for? END
START what institutions did the imperial college of london split into? END
START who proposed a merger of many colleges in 1907? END
START what was the reasoning behind the proposal to merge many colleges? END
START when the merger was passed, what constituent college was created? END
START who did the constituent college belong to? END
START which document, granted by edward vii, was officially signed on the 8th of july 1907? END
START what was founded in the 19th century? END
START who decided that more liberal education was needed? END
START what schools were formed from the imperial college of science? END
START when was the charter signed for the university of london? END
START who granted the royal charted for the unoiversity of london? END
START what was imperial's net income for the financial year that ended on 31 july 2013? END
START what was imperial's total expenditure for the financial year that ended on the 31 july 2013? END
START how much income was generated from research grants and contracts for 2013? END
START who granted imperial close to 170 million pounds in grants? END
START what was imperial's capital expenditure for the 2012/2013 financial year? END
START what college ended the fiscal year 2013 with an income of 822 thousand pounds? END
START in what year was imperial's expenditures 124 thousand pounds? END
START in which year did imperial merge with st mary's hospital medical school? END
START which school resulted from imperial's merger with st mary's? END
START who did imperial partner with to launch the imperial college press? END
START what year was the imperial college school of medicine formally established? END
START what is the name of the building that was opened by queen elizabeth ii? END
START what scool split into imperial and and st maries? END
START when did imperial start its publishng house world scientific? END
START what schools came out of imperial in 1997? END
START what school was founded by sit alexander fleming? END
START what percentage of imperial's staff was classified as world leading in 2008? END
START what percentage of imperial's staff was deemed to be internationally excellent in 2008? END
START which group assessed imperial's staff members to determine their standing in relation to the rest of the world? END
START how many subjects were judged to be the best in terms of internationally recognised research quality? END
START what assesment showed 1225 staff to be world-leading? END
START what showed 26% of staff to be internationally excellent? END
START what five subjects where shown to the top ranked in the world? END
START what was formed on the 1st october 2007? END
START how many hospitals does it manage? END
START what is it considered to be? END
START what is the annual turnover for the trust? END
START how many patients a year does the trust treat? END
START what  hospitals were formed from imperial college healthcare? END
START what trust has an annual income of $800 million/ END
START how many hospitals teamed to form the nhs in 2006? END
START what portion of females reported that they were held back by managers? END
START in which year were these allegations raised? END
START after the 2003 incident, what was the next major year in which conerns were raised? END
START in which faculty were the methods used to fire people being questioned? END
START who is the new president for imperial college? END
START in what years did 1/2 the female axademics say bullying held back their carreer? END
START who does alice ghast think will continue to struggle? END
START who is the vice president of imperial? END
START what waw beeing question in the school of engeneering? END
START what is the official name of the student's union? END
START how many full time officers run the union? END
START how long is the tenure for an officer to run the union? END
START how many clubs, projects and societies is the union responsible for managing? END
START what kind of programmes do students work on for project nepal? END
START what is the naqme of the staff and student union? END
START what is run by 5 full-time students? END
START what is used to maintain around 300 pubs? END
START where are staff sent to work on building projects? END
START what kind of university is imperial college london? END
START who founded the imperial college london? END
START who opened the imperial institute in 1907? END
START which document allowed the imperial college london to be formed? END
START what was the focus of the imperial college london? END
START what is the name of a private resdearch university in london? END
START who helped to build the college? END
START who laid the final stone in the imerial institute? END
START when was coursework in medicine given over to st mary's hospital? END
START when did the imerial institute join the university of london? END
START who discovered the first synthetic dye? END
START what did the scientist who discovered the dye do after discovering it? END
START what is the name of the first synthetic dye discovered? END
START the discovery of the synthetic dye is claimed by some histories to have sparked what event? END
START which award is named after the discoverer of the dye? END
START who did von hoffman study under? END
START what discovery by von hoffman was prompted by his work with perkins? END
START what was coal tar derived from? END
START who's didcovery sparked the chemical revolution? END
START who founded the society of chemical industry? END
START what site did imperial acquire in 1947? END
START what was the name of imperial's student newspaper? END
START how much money was donated for a new biochemistry department? END
START who donated the large sum of money to help aid the establishement of the biochemistry department? END
START imperial formed a relationship with which other entity in 1963? END
START what did imperial aquire in the 19th century END
START what was aquired for teaching chemistry that was not well suited for the main campus? END
START what was the name of imperials staff news paper? END
START when was imperial's staff paper founded? END
START who donated money to establish a new bioengenering department? END
