START what tool did hoover use to find bootleggers? END
START in what supreme court case was it ruled that fbi wiretaps did not violate the fourth amendment? END
START what act did congress pass to outlaw non-consensual phone tapping? END
START in what case was it ruled that evidence obtained by the fbi via wiretapping was inadmissible in court? END
START what is now necessary to tap someone's telephone? END
START which president was the first to use wiretaps to find bootleggers? END
START what case centered around a bootlegger caught through phone tapping? END
START what did congress pass to outlaw phone tapping? END
START what is now required to wire tap a citizen? END
START is a warrant required before or after a wiretap? END
START when did hoover stop using wiretapping? END
START in what case did the united states supreme court rule that wiretaps are always unlawful? END
START what act did congress pass that legalized non-consensual phone tapping? END
START in what year did the supreme court rule that evidence obtained by phone tapping was admissible in court? END
START what act of congress allowed authorities to tap telephones without a warrant? END
START which group broke into an fbi office in media, pennsylvania? END
START did the citizens' commission to investigate the fbi take files? END
START what files was the citizens' commission to investigate the fbi's raid mainly focused on? END
START what did the files about cointelpro reveal? END
START how did the us react to these discoveries? END
START when was the citizens' commission to investigate the fbi burglarized? END
START where was the residential office of a cia agent burglarized?  END
START what was a paper that did not receive any fbi files? END
START which congressman had his son investigated by the fbi? END
START what member of congress expressed support for the actions of the fbi? END
START did the fbi reassign agents from counter-intelligence to violent crime? END
START what priority were violent crimes in the 1990s, according to the fbi? END
START did the new priorities of the fbi mean cutting other departments? END
START was terrorism considered a threat after the cold war? END
START what agency pioneered dna testing? END
START how many agents did the fbi reassign before the 1980s? END
START what were 300 agents reassigned from violent crime to focus on? END
START what was the fbi's first national priority? END
START what was still considered a threat after the end of the cold war? END
START when did the fbi's pioneering role in identification end? END
START what agencies were to blame for 9/11? END
START did 9/11 lead to more fbi oversight? END
START did many believe the fbi was resisting important changes? END
START did the people believe they were served well by the fbi? END
START when was the 9/11 commission's first report? END
START what agencies did the 9/11 commission say were not to blame? END
START what did the report conclude could not have been prevented? END
START who privately criticized the fbi in october 2005? END
START when did former members of the 9/11 commission publicly praise the fbi? END
START where is the cjis located? END
START when was the cjis created? END
START what purpose does the cjis serve? END
START where is the data for the ncic located? END
START do states have access to cjis? END
START what opened in 1995 as the oldest agency division? END
START when did the cjis division close? END
START what program is not under the roof of the cjis? END
START what are state and local agencies not allowed to use for their own investigations? END
START what provides tools of sophisticated identification and information services to the fbi? END
START who is responsible for day-to-day fbi operations? END
START who assists the fbi director? END
START what acts were passed relating to the fbi after 9/11? END
START who used to brief the president? END
START who now reports to the president? END
START who makes sure cia field offices are manned with qualified agents? END
START what act was passed before september 11th? END
START who does the president report to? END
START who is responsible for briefing the fbi director? END
START what does the cia director brief the president on? END
START what compiles data from around 17,000 law enforcement agencies? END
START what does ucr focus on? END
START where was the ucr created? END
START what agency compiles data from law enforcement agencies outside of the country? END
START what kind of crimes does the ucr not focus on? END
START when was the ucr disbanded? END
START what percent of data submitted to the cia is in this format? END
START what does not require law enforcement agencies to submit this data? END
START what percentage of cointelpro resources were targeted at fbi labeled subversive groups? END
START did the fbi target mlk? END
START what percentage of cointelpro resources were used to target white hate groups? END
START what were the key white hate groups targeted? END
START what was the term for the liberal groups appearing at this time? END
START how much of cointelpro resources were dedicated to targeting libertarian organizations? END
START who is a civil rights leader that the cia targeted? END
START what percent of cointelpro resources were used to help white hate groups? END
START what group did the fbi not target? END
START what is a group that the cia targeted? END
START what is the fbi comparable to? END
START what kind of agency is the fbi? END
START how many field offices does the fbi have in major cities? END
START around how many offices does the fbi have in minor cities? END
START who serves as the representative of the director of national intelligence? END
START what intelligence agency is comparable to the cia? END
START what does the fbi focus on overseas? END
START how many field offices does the cia have in major cities in the united states? END
START how many field offices does the fbi have outside of the united states? END
START who does a senior level cia officer serve as a representative of in a cia field office? END
START what was the bureau's first task? END
START what act was the bureau initially tasked with enforcing? END
START what was the other formal name of the mann act? END
START when was the mann act passed? END
START when was the bureau renamed? END
START what did the bureau visit during its last official task? END
START what was the last law that the fbi enforced? END
START when was the mann act rejected by congress? END
START what year was the division of investigation renamed the united states bureau of investigation? END
START when was the fbi separated from the department of justice? END
START when did the fbi become concerned about civil rights? END
START what ties did the fbi believe civil rights leaders had? END
START who did hoover send an open letter denouncing? END
START what agency had dr. t.r.m. howard criticized? END
START what was the controversial domestic surveillance operation in this era? END
START when did fbi officials become less concerned about civil rights? END
START what ties did civil rights leaders believe the fbi had? END
START when did dr. t.r.m. howard send an open letter denouncing hoover? END
START what controversial domestic surveillance program did the cia carry out? END
START what was not one of the targets of cointelpro? END
START when did the fbi begin investigating espionage? END
START how many nazis were arrested? END
START what project broke soviet codes? END
START what agency did hoover not tell about the code break and the discoveries gained from it? END
START what did the bureau investigate before the 1940s? END
START how many italian agents were arrested? END
START what project broke nazi codes? END
START what agency did hoover inform about the code break right away? END
START what stopped hoover from pursuing his obsession with the threat from the american left? END
START when did a committee oppose the fbi's organized crime informant program? END
START how many innocent men did the fbi allow to be convicted? END
START what was the death sentence reduced to? END
START how many of the men died in prison? END
START how much was the us government ordered to pay in damages? END
START what did a congressional committee call one of the greatest successes in federal law enforcement? END
START when did the fbi stop four innocent men from being convicted? END
START what was the name of the cia's informant? END
START who found that the bureau had not helped convict four men? END
START how much were the four defendants ordered to pay the u.s. government?  END
START when did the fbi increase it's counter-terrorism role? END
START what prompted the fbi increase in counter-terrorism? END
START where was the world trade center? END
START when was oklahoma city bombed? END
START what did agents within the fbi do to investigations of the agency? END
START what role did the fbi focus more on before 1993? END
START when did the second world trade center bombing occur? END
START who was set free in 1996? END
START what stopped the fbi from ensuring that these three cases were successfully prosecuted? END
START during what olympics was the fbi praised for its investigation? END
START what fbi agent was killed during attacks on the world trade center? END
START what tower was leonard w. hatton jr attempting to evacuate? END
START what did the fbi's new director want? END
START what was the new head of the fbi's top priority? END
START what part of the fbi did mueller want to re-engineer? END
START what cia agent was killed during the attacks on the world trade center? END
START what was hatton trying to do in the north tower of the world trade center? END
START who was sworn in as fbi director a week after the attacks? END
START what was a low priority for mueller? END
START what did mueller not try to protect? END
START when did the washington post publish excerpts from the book spying blind? END
START how many chances to disrupt the 9/11 attacks did the fbi dismiss? END
START what two agencies had a lack of co-operation? END
START what was to blame for the fbi's failure? END
START what did the fbi's decentralized structure prevent? END
START what book did the new york times publish excerpts from? END
START how many times did the cia and fbi disrupt the terrorist attacks of september 11th? END
START what two agencies cooperated well together? END
START what facilitated communication among different fbi offices?  END
START what did the fbi treat special agents as? END
START what increased the powers of the fbi? END
START what was one of the most controversial parts of the patriot act? END
START what new residential powers did the fbi now have? END
START could the fbi inquire into library records? END
START who's library records did the fbi look into? END
START what decreased the powers of the fbi? END
START what did the usa patriot act allow the cia to do more? END
START what is one of the least controversial provisions of the usa patriot act? END
START what agency is required to notify residents of a search on their home right away? END
START what records does the patriot act ban the fbi from looking at? END
START when did the fbi lab first appear? END
START where was the fbi lab? END
START who uses the fbi lab services? END
START how much does the fbi charges for lab services? END
START where is the second fbi lab? END
START when did the fbi laboratory close? END
START where was the cia lab located? END
START where do public tours of fbi headquarters run through after the move to the j. edgar hoover building? END
START what is not a service the lab conducts? END
START what kind of agencies must pay to use the services of the fbi lab? END
START when did the fbi begin the trilogy project? END
START what project centered on upgrading fbi information technology infrastructure? END
START did the trilogy project go over budget? END
START when did the fbi abandon the vcf project? END
START what gun are fbi special agents issued? END
START what are fbi special agents issued if they fail their first qualification? END
START what did the fbi adopt in may 1997 END
START what did the fbi adopt the glock .40 s&w pistol for? END
START what class was the first to receive the glock .40 s&w pistol? END
START what gun are cia agents issued? END
START what gun are fbi agents issued if they fail their second qualification? END
START what gun did the fbi use before 1997? END
START what gun are special agents not authorized to carry? END
START what gun are regional swat teams barred from using? END
START what group of people may apply to join the fbi after age 37? END
START what is the minimum age to join the fbi? END
START is american citizenship required to be an fbi agent? END
START what is a ssbi? END
START who conducts ssbis? END
START what organization is considered easy to infiltrate? END
START what can someone under the age of 23 apply to become? END
START who may not apply to the fbi after age 37? END
START what is not a requirement to be a fbi agent? END
START how do cia personnel receive a security clearance?  END
START did the fbi keep files on elvis presley? END
START what activities was the fbi concerned with during the vietnam war? END
START what kinds of treats were celebrities receiving? END
START what party was the fbi concerned with? END
START who has the fbi never maintained a file on? END
START who was investigated due to ties with the libertarian party? END
START who was investigated for pro war activity? END
START who is a celebrity that did not have threats against them? END
START who is a celebrity that the cia has a file on? END
START who tipped of bulger? END
START what act was the indictment under? END
START how long did bulger remain at large? END
START was bulger on the 10 most wanted fugitives list? END
START what did the revelations about bulger cause? END
START who fled from chicago? END
START when was bulger tipped off by his cia handler? END
START when did new england media cover up criminal actions by federal, state, and local law enforcement officials tied to bulger? END
START when was john j connolly cleared of federal racketeering charges? END
START whose murder did john b callahan help to plan? END
START what was virgil griffith focused on? END
START what part of the government was editing its own wikipedia page? END
START what was griffith's tool designed to detect? END
START what did griffith's tool help increase? END
START how as griffith's wikipedia scanner viewed by wikipedia? END
START what organization viewed wikiscanner negatively? END
START what did not motivate griffith? END
START what was the tool not designed to do? END
START what were cia computers used to do? END
START how did the fbi view wikiscanner? END
START when did the fbi announce robert hanssen's arrest? END
START what was hanssen arrested for? END
START when was hanssen a spy for russia/the su? END
START how many life time sentences is hanssen serving? END
START what much money did hanssen receive in cash? END
START who had spied for the soviet union before 1979? END
START what year did robert hanssen die? END
START where did hanssen escape custody? END
START how much did the fbi pay hanssen to spy on russia? END
START who sold russian secrets to the fbi? END
START what agency is the domestic intelligence and security service for the us? END
START what organization is the fbi a subset of? END
START what director does the fbi report to? END
START how many categories of federal crimes does the fbi have jurisdiction over? END
START what is the domestic intelligence and security service for the united kingdom? END
START what is under the jurisdiction of the fbi? END
START who does the u.s. intelligence community report to? END
START who has jurisdiction over more than 200 categories of state level crime? END
START how many categories of federal crimes does the u.s. intelligence community have jurisdiction over? END
START who was director from 1924 to 1972? END
START how many years was hoover the fbi director? END
START what laboratory was hoover responsible for creating? END
START what was the other name for the scientific crime detection laboratory? END
START when did the fbi laboratory open? END
START who served as fbi director before 1924? END
START what year did the fbi laboratory officially close? END
START what laboratory was hoover responsible for destroying? END
START what was the tenure limit for fbi directors before hoover's death? END
START what passed legislation to set the tenure limit of cia directors to ten years? END
START what kind of work was the fbi focused on? END
START how many legat offices does the fbi operate? END
START why does the fbi operate legat offices? END
START do legat offices conduct unilateral operations in host countries? END
START what do oversea operations require? END
START how many legat offices does the cia operate? END
START how many sub-offices in u.s. embassies does the cia have? END
START why does the cia operate legat offices? END
START what intelligence agency conducts unilateral operations in host countries? END
START what is not important in overseas operations? END
START when did the bureau begin compiling a custodial detention list? END
START when would the people on the custodial detention list be arrested? END
START who were the majority of names on the custodial detention list? END
START when was pearl harbor bombed? END
START what group did the fbi continue surveillance on? END
START when did the bureau stop compiling a custodial detention list? END
START when did hoover stop robert shivers from detaining those on the list? END
START how many issei men were released from fbi custody? END
START what executive order blocked removing japanese americans from the west coast? END
START which fbi director supported executive order 9066? END
START what was the top hoodlum program a response to? END
START what did the top hoodlum program gather information on? END
START after the rico act took effect what did the fbi start investigating? END
START what groups did hoover deny the existence of? END
START is the rico act still used today? END
START how did the fbi respond to organized crime before 1953? END
START what did the fbi do before the rico act took effect? END
START what did hoover confirm the existence of? END
START who was the head of a crime family the cia targeted? END
START what act is not longer in use? END
START what spurred the fbis technological upgrade? END
START what team underwent a technological upgrade in 1991? END
START what were citac and nipc created to deal with? END
START what were computer viruses seen as a threat to? END
START did the fbi increase electronic surveillance? END
START when did the fbi undergo a technological downgrade? END
START what team underwent a technological downgrade in 1991? END
START what was citac and nipc unable to deal with? END
START when did congress get rid of hipaa? END
START when did the cia receive a technological upgrade? END
START what precision did the fbi believe they could reach with chemical signatures? END
START how long was the national academy of sciences independent review? END
START what did the national academy of sciences independent review discover about the fbis analytical model? END
START why did the fbi stop doing bullet lead analysis? END
START what did the cia crime lab believe about lead in bullets? END
START who conducted a 15-month independent review of comparative bullet-lead analysis? END
START who published a report confirming that the fbi model was correct? END
START when did the national research council confirm that the fbi's bullet analysis was correct? END
START what did the cia stop using bullet lead analysis? END
START what is the fbi's main tool against organized crime? END
START what act is the fbi required to enforce? END
START what organization does the fbi prosecute violations of the united states civil rights act with? END
START what organization does the fbi share jurisdiction with? END
START what substance act does the fbi enforce? END
START what is the fbi's least used tool against organized crime? END
START what is the cia also responsible for? END
START what is not required to enforce compliance with the united states civil rights act of 1964? END
START what enforcement does the fbi not share with the dea? END
START where does the fbi not investigate violations of the civil rights act? END
START when does the fbi work with the us coast guard and us customs and board protection? END
START when does the fbi work with the national transportation safety board? END
START what organization in the us government investigates the largest array of crimes? END
START what organization did general ashcroft assign to lead organization in terrorism investigations? END
START what are the fbi and ice-hsi both members of? END
START what agency usually works alone, without the help of other agencies? END
START what is an agency the cia works in conjunction with? END
START what agency is responsible for investigating automobile crashes? END
START what agency investigates the smallest range of crimes? END
START what did general ashcroft do before the september 11th attacks? END
START where are agents sent to become fbi special agents? END
START where is the fbi academy? END
START how long is the course required for all special agents? END
START what other groups does the fbi academy train? END
START where is the cia academy located? END
START what is not required to become a special agent? END
START when did the fbi academy close?  END
START what is a cia unit that resides at quantico? END
START who does the academy not train? END
START did the fbi investigate martin luther king jr.? END
START who did mlk begin criticizing in the mid-1960s? END
START what group did mlk believe needed more attention from the fbi? END
START what did hoover call mlk? END
START what kind of letter did the fbi send to mlk? END
START when did king publicly praise the fbi? END
START what group did the fbi believe needed more attention? END
START what did mlk call hoover? END
START what kind of letter did mlk send to the fbi? END
START what year did king send a package to the fbi? END
START what is the goal of the nibrs? END
START who uses the nibrs? END
START what is the nibrs used for? END
START what does the nibrs collect information on? END
START does the nibrs system or ucr system have more detailed data? END
START what system do canadian law enforcement agencies use? END
START what agencies do not generate nibrs data? END
START what are group c offenses? END
START what offers less detail than the ucr system? END
START how many law enforcement agencies submit ucr data? END
START what puerto rican leader did the fbi spy on? END
START what party was pedro albizu campos part of? END
START how many times was pedro albizu campos convicted of attacks on us officials? END
START who released the campos operation to the public? END
START when was the abizu campos operation made public? END
START what independence leader did the cia spy on? END
START what spied on the cuban independence leader? END
START what u.s. congressman covered up the fbi operation? END
START what act made the abizu campos operation secret? END
START when did luis gutierrez cover up the abizu campos operation? END
START what office contains the fbi's administrative offices? END
START who manages each fbi branch? END
START what is a fbi branch divided into? END
START who heads an office or division? END
START who leaders the sub-divisions of offices or divisions? END
START what office contains the cia's administrative offices? END
START who manages each cia branch? END
START what is a cia branch divided into? END
START what contains only a few fbi administrative offices? END
START what is not led by an executive assistant director? END
START where is the fbi located? END
START where are specialized fbi functions located? END
START where is the fbi's data campus? END
START what act is the fbi required to process requests for? END
START how many sets of fingerprints does the fbi have? END
START where is the cia headquarters located? END
START how many field offices in major cities does the cia have? END
START how many legal attaches does the cia employ? END
START how many sets of fingerprints from outside the united states does the fbi store? END
START where is the cia moving its records management division to? END
START what was the electronic eavesdropping system used by the fbi during the clinton presidency? END
START what did carnivore monitor? END
START what was carnivore renamed to? END
START when did the fbi abandon carnivore? END
START what kind of software replaced carnivore? END
START what was the name dcs1000 changed to? END
START what software system received prolonged positive coverage in the press? END
START what administration did the cia implement carnivore under? END
START in what year did the fbi stop using commercially available software? END
START what is an example of software that is not available commercially? END
START who appoints fbi directors? END
START what legislative body confirms fbi directors? END
START how long is the term of a fbi director? END
START what made hoover stop serving as the fbi director? END
START who is the current fbi director? END
START who appoints the president of the united states? END
START what legislative body confirms u.s. presidents? END
START how long is the term of a u.s. president? END
START who was the shortest serving fbi director? END
START when did fbi director comey resign? END
START when did the fbi first appear in popular media? END
START what notable tv show was concerned with fbi investigations of the paranormal? END
START what is the tv drama 24 designed on? END
START who is the movie point break based on? END
START who is the movie donnie brasco based on? END
START what was frequently depicted in popular media before the 1930s? END
START what is not a notable portrayal of the fbi on television? END
START what has the fbi never done with popular media? END
START what is patterned after the counter terrorist unit? END
START what 1991 movie is not based on a true story? END
START how many times did fbi agents first their weapons from 1993 to 2011? END
START how many times were fbi shots not justified? END
START how many people were wounded in the cases where fbi shooting was not justified? END
START how did samuel walker describe the number of unjustified shots fired? END
START on what was the shooting of an innocent maryland man deemed justified? END
START how often did fbi agents fire their weapons before 1993? END
START what professor said the number of shots found to be unjustified was suspiciously high? END
START how many people did the fbi wound before 1993? END
START during what period did the fbi find all shooting by fbi agents to be unjustified? END
START how much did the cia pay out to an innocent man that was shot? END
START when did puerto rican nationalist filiberto ojeda ríos die? END
START who killed filiberto ojeda ríos? END
START how did some people describe filiberto ojeda ríos's death? END
START how did the fbi respond to requests to release information beyond the initial press release? END
START what us court dismissed the puerto rican case for information crucial to their own investigation of filiberto ojeda ríos's killing? END
START what cuban nationalist leader died in a gun battle with fbi agents? END
START what puerto rican governor praised the fbi assault? END
START what government was informed of the raid? END
START why did the fbi agree to release information? END
START who did not attend ojeda rios' funeral? END
START who were mary's parents? END
START how old was mary when she was consecrated as a virgin? END
START who was mary betrothed to? END
START when she was betrothed to joseph, approximately how old was mary? END
START where was mary consecrated as a virgin? END
START how old was anne when she gave birth to mary? END
START how old was hannah when samuel took her to the tabernacle? END
START who was hannah betrothed to? END
START where did saint joachim and saint anne become betrothed? END
START where was saint anne consecrated as a virgin? END
START which angel appeared to mary? END
START what happened to mary's body at death? END
START what did gabriel announce to mary at the annunciation? END
START how was mary related to jesus? END
START which goespel begins its story of mary with the annunciation? END
START where did mary meet gabriel? END
START where did gabriel first meet jesus? END
START who else was present at the crucifixion of jesus? END
START what state was the tomb in when the angel gabriel found it? END
START when was the assumption dogmatically define by the catholic church? END
START in which papal document was the dogma of the assumption defined? END
START which pope authored munifentissimus deus? END
START other than the roman catholic church, which church holds the doctrine of the assumption to be true? END
START what is another name for the assumption of mary? END
START what year did pope pius xii join the roman catholic church? END
START in what year did mary die? END
START which eastern church did pope pius xii visit in 1950? END
START who authored the dormition? END
START how long in total was the "blood of her purifying" for mary? END
START where did mary bring a burnt offering and sin offering? END
START who was presented at the temple in jerusalem? END
START who prophesized in luke 2:25-38? END
START to which galilean city did joseph and mary take jesus? END
START how many days did mary bring her burnt offering and sin offering to the temple in jerusalem? END
START where did simeon and the prophetess anna travel to? END
START where is the location of the temple where mary heard simeon prophecy? END
START where is the location of the temple where joseph continued in the "blood of her purifying"? END
START to which galilean city did joseph and mary take simeon? END
START what was zechariah's occupation? END
START which tribe did elizabeth belong to? END
START who was aaron's wife? END
START which tribe did elisheba belong to? END
START who was the third son of david and bathsheba? END
START what tribe did luke belong to? END
START who was mary's sister? END
START what priestly division did luke belong to? END
START who was zechariah's sister in law? END
START what tribe did matthew belong to? END
START name the two women present with mary at the crucifixion of jesus? END
START in art, what is the name for the motif of mary cradling the body of jesus? END
START in matthew, who else besides mary of clopas and mary magdalene are with mary at the crucifixion? END
START what does pieta mean? END
START what is a representation of mary at the crucifixion called? END
START what is the name for the motif of jesus cradling the body of mary? END
START who is "the disciple whom jesus loved"? END
START what is a representation of jesus at the crucifixion called? END
START who was the sister of mary of clopas? END
START which egyptian goddess do some scholars ascribe similarities to? END
START what type of goddess is isis? END
START what kind of relationship do some scholars believe exists between isis and mary? END
START what is the name of the goddess that the virgin mary met in egypt? END
START who is considered to be a sister of the egyptian goddess isis? END
START what is the relationship between jesus and the egyptian goddess isis? END
START what is the name of the cult that some scholars subscribe to? END
START in which country is ephesus? END
START whose visions led to the identification of the house of the virgin mary? END
START which disciple is known as "the disciple whom jesus loved?" END
START with whom is it believed that mary lived with in ephesus? END
START in which century was the house of the virgin mary found? END
START where did anne catherine emmerich live? END
START where did irenaeus and eusebius of caesarea live? END
START in what century did anne catherine emmerich meet irenaeus? END
START in what century did mary live in ephesus with john? END
START what evangelist did anne catherine emmerich meet in turkey? END
START in which year was the second council of nicea? END
START in which year did the synod of constantinople confirm the veneration of images of mary? END
START which icon is most venerated in the orthodox church? END
START what is the name given to artistic depictions of mary? END
START in the orthodox church, what types of icons are allowed to be venerated and prayed before? END
START which believers pray to and venerate three-dimensional statues? END
START in what year was the first image of the madonna and child found? END
START in what year was the first image of the virgin theotokos with christ found? END
START what is the name given to the artistic depictions of jesus as an adult? END
START in what year was the orthodox church founded? END
START where is the site of the first church dedicated to mary? END
START which goddess was worshipped in ephesus before mary? END
START who was the author of the book, "survivals of roman religion?" END
START which queen furthered the cult of mary in the 6th century? END
START where was mary rumored to have died? END
START where was the place of artemis' death? END
START in what century did queen theodora meet gordon laing? END
START who read the book, "survivals of roman religion"? END
START what queen regarded the temple of artemis at ephesus as one of the seven wonders of the ancient world? END
START where is the birthplace of artemis? END
START jesus was known as the "king of kings" because of his lieage from who? END
START which name is given to mary because of her role as a protector of captives? END
START who was the mother of jesus? END
START which new testament book provides a basis for the term queen when referring to mary? END
START what did david call jesus when he met him? END
START what did david call mary when he met her? END
START when mary protected the captives of king david, what was she called? END
START when mary assisted kind david in finding his way to jesus, what was the name given to her? END
START when mary provided special counsel for jesus, what name was she given? END
START who wrote polemics regarding roman catholic beliefs about mary? END
START in which year was the immaculate conception dogmatized? END
START which pope was responsible for the dogmatization of the immaculate conception? END
START what does theotokos mean? END
START where did martin luther preach a sermon on marian devotion a month before his death? END
START for how many years were the roman catholic opponents adhering to the marian decrees? END
START what year did martin luther preach at wittenberg? END
START in what year did martin luther stop celebrating marian feasts? END
START with whom did martin luther argue about the veneration of mary? END
START who criticized luther for revering mary and for blurring the line? END
START on what date does the catholic church celebrate the feast of the assumption? END
START what do eastern catholics call the feast of the assumption? END
START on what date of the julian calendar do eastern catholics celebrate the domition of the theotokos? END
START how many great feasts does the eastern orthodox church celebrate? END
START do protestants celebrate marian feasts or not? END
START what is the name of the first feast attended by mary? END
START when did mary attend the feast of assumption? END
START when did mary attend the dormition of the theotokos? END
START when mary finished attending all of the feasts, what were the feasts referred to as? END
START who did mary not get to go to feast with? END
START which color is traditionally used to portray mary in paintings? END
START what rock was used as the source of blue pigment in paints in medieval and renaissance europe? END
START from which country was lapis lazuli imported? END
START lapis lazuli was thought to be more valuable than which precious metal? END
START which ancient empire is thought to have started the tradition of portraying mary in paintings using the color blue? END
START what color does mary like to paint with? END
START what year did mary visit the byzantine empire? END
START what is the name of mary's favorite stone? END
START what country were the travelers from that brought mary the lapis lazuli? END
START what did mary use to trade for the lapis lazuli? END
START according to nontrinitarian belief, what is mary's relationship to jesus? END
START which nontrinitarian theologian says that god cannot approach eveil spirits to redeem them? END
START unittarians, christadelphians and jehovah's witnesses are examples of what kind of church? END
START "mother of god" is an example of what kind of title? END
START why type of churches did emanuel swedenborg visit? END
START who did mary recognize herself as? END
START which nontrinitarian churches once acknowledged mary as "mother of god"? END
START whom did mary give access to the evil heredity of the human race? END
START by what name is mary referred to in the qur'an? END
START which sura in the qur'an describes the visitation of an angel upon zakariya? END
START in how many places does the qur'an give detailed accounts of mary? END
START which gospel provides an identical account of the virgin birth as sura 19 in the qur'an?  END
START who was visited by an angel in sura 19 of the qur'an? END
START who wrote the detailed narrative accounts of maryam? END
START who wrote the account given in sura 19? END
START how many accounts in the are written in the qur'an about mary?  END
START who told jesus that mary would be the mother of jesus? END
START how many gospel narratives are about mary? END
START what term is used to describe the belief that mary remained a virgin for her entire life? END
START which latin father described the belief that jesus' siblings were his cousins? END
START which churches teach that jesus' brothers and sister were step-siblings from a previous marriage of joseph the betrothed? END
START what document teaches that jesus' brothers and sisters were older children of joseph from a previous marriage? END
START which doctrine describes the belief that mary remained a virgin, even though she gave birth to jesus? END
START what is the name of the latin father who is considered jesus' cousin?  END
START what doctrine asserts mary's real and perpetual virginity before the act of giving birth to jesus? END
START what is the term used for mary before giving birth to jesus? END
START who wrote the protoevangelium of james? END
START in orthodox tradition, what comes next in precdence after the theotokos in the order of the saints? END
START what are hymns to the theotokos called in orthodox tradition? END
START in the liturgical sequences of the eastern church, who is placed next in prominence after christ? END
START what is mary proclaimed to be in the orthodox tradition? END
START what do the orthodox believe mary remained to be before and after she gave birth to christ? END
START who did mary proclaim that she was? END
START what church did mary give the theotokia to? END
START who does the virgin mary say that she takes precedence over? END
START what services did mary perform in the eastern church? END
START what is the mother church of the angican communion? END
START which church in the united states is associated with the angican communion? END
START what practice differentiates the angican communon from protestant churches at large? END
START what branch of christianity does the angican communion fall under? END
START who founded the universal authority within the mother church (the church of england)? END
START which church in the united states did mary give universal authority to? END
START how many churches formed the marian doctrines? END
START which church is both "catholic" and "reformed", but also protestant? END
START for what practice did the first protestants criticize the roman catholics? END
START in which century did the council of trent occur? END
START which protestant churches still honor mary? END
START during which historical era did protestant interest in mary almost disappear? END
START marian veneration became associated with which christians after the council of trent? END
START in what century did martin luther honor mary as the mother of god? END
START in which century was the council of trent ended? END
START which protestant churches began honoring mary before the 16th century? END
START during what age did calvin and huldrych zwingli form the council of trent? END
START which doctrine about mary do methodists reject? END
START who was the founder of the methodist movement? END
START what are the sources of beliefs about mary held by methodists? END
START the methodist movement began in which church? END
START which marian doctrine did john wesley uphold in founding methodism? END
START what group founded the doctrine of the immaculate conception? END
START what country was the church in that john wesley departed from? END
START who wrote the the doctrine of the assumption of mary? END
START the methodist movement ended in which church? END
START to whom was mary dedicated while still in the womb? END
START which prophet cared for mary? END
START what is understood to be the holy of holies in islam? END
START where did mary reside in her chilhood? END
START what did god provide for mary? END
START who did mary reside in the temple with? END
START  who gave mary unique access to al-mihrab? END
START who provided zakariya with heavenly "provisions"? END
START who dedicated mary to allah while she still in her mother's womb? END
START where did mary's mother reside? END
START who suggested that jesus was the son of a roman soldier? END
START what was the name of the roman soldier said by celsus to be the father of jesus? END
START origen was a church father in which egyptian city? END
START in which century did celsus suggest that jesus' father was a roman soldier? END
START for what purpose did detractors use the idea of mary's virginity and the virgin conception of jesus? END
START who suggested that panthera was the illegitimate son jesus? END
START what century did panthera become a roman soldier? END
START in what egyptian city did origen visit his church father? END
START in what egyptian city did jesus find the roman soldier? END
START who was celsus an illegitimate son of? END
START what is the literal meaning of theotokos? END
START which branch of christianity gives a diminished role to mary? END
START what is mary called in islam? END
START what is the basis for mary's diminished role in protestantism? END
START which two protestant churches, along with the roman catholic and orthodox churches, believe that mary is the mother of god? END
START which other religion gives sainthood to mary? END
START which church first considered mary a saint? END
START what other religious text do protestants read? END
START what other belief do believers of islam believe? END
START what is the first stage of jewish marriage? END
START which angel announced to mary that she was to be the mother of the messiah? END
START what did joseph plan to do when told of mary's coneption in a dream? END
START where did mary live when she was visited by the angel gabriel? END
START in his dream, who told joseph about mary's conception? END
START what is the last stage of jewish marriage? END
START what angel did joseph meet before he had the dream? END
START where was joseph born? END
START where did joseph live when he was visited by the angel gabriel? END
START where was joseph conceived? END
START which gospel says that mary fulfilled the prophecy of isaiah? END
START until which century was the virgin birth of jesus held almost universally among christians? END
START what hebrew word is used to describe mary in isaiah 7:14? END
START which verse in luke states that mary had "no relations with man" before jesus' birth? END
START along with the nicene creed, which other christian creed asserts the virgin birth of jesus? END
START what century was the apostles' creed written in? END
START when isaiah spoke to mary he called her by what hebrew word? END
START in what century did mary fulfill the prophecy? END
START which creed was written by isaiah? END
START what title is given to mary in the catholic church? END
START what is the latin word from which mary's title of blessed is derived? END
START how many catholic dogmas are there regarding mary? END
START along with mother of god, immaculate conception and assumption of mary, what is the other catholic dogma related to mary? END
START what title did mary give to the catholic church? END
START since mary states that she is not divine, what teachings carry on her statements? END
START where does mary send prayers to? END
START how many latin dogmas are there regarding mary? END
START what state was mary in before giving birth to jesus? END
START what are akathists? END
START how many of the orthodox great feasts dedicated to mary? END
START what is name of the orthodox hymn devoted to mary? END
START which event on the orthodox calendar is related to mary and icon veneration? END
START who wrote the akathist hymn? END
START how many of the of the twelve great feasts in orthodoxy did mary attend? END
START on what day does the mother of god allow icon veneration? END
START how many orthodox feasts are connected with the miraculous icons of the theotokos? END
START what does mary also call akathists? END
START what is the name given to the annunciation in the 1662 book of common prayer? END
START on what date do most anglicans celebrate the visitation of the blessed virgin? END
START what is another name for the feast of the presentation of christ in the temple in the anglican communion? END
START on what date is the presentation of christ in the temple celebrated by anglicans? END
START on what day was the annunciation tradtionally celebrated in england until the 18th century? END
START when did mary attain the special position within god's purpose of salvation as "god-bearer"? END
START when was jesus born of the virgin mary? END
START on what day is the presentation of christ in the temple? END
START what year was the purification of the blessed virgin mary? END
START who brought book of common prayer to england? END
START which theologian described mariology as "the heresy of the catholic church?" END
START protestants hold that mary had what relationship to jesus? END
START protestants reject what practices in relation to the saints? END
START protestants describe mary as devoted to whom? END
START how many pieces of marian music did theologian karl barth write? END
START how many of the saints reject the protestants? END
START mary stated that she was the mother of jesus, but also referred to herself as? END
START what feasts did karl barth attend? END
START who took the very first marian pilgrimage? END
START who do christians believe is prophesized in isaiah 7:14? END
START what is the meaning of the greek word "heos?" END
START which verse in matthew is believed to refer to isaiah's prohecy of the virgin mary? END
START which gospel writer provided a version of the virgin birth that was different than matthew's? END
START what is the english tranlation of the greek word "parthenos?" END
START who knew mary before she brought forth her first born son? END
START where did philip first meet joseph? END
START where did matthew and luke gather with the disbelieving jews? END
START what biblical scholar currently believes that mary was a perpetual virgin? END
START what language does biblical scholar bart ehrmam primarily speak? END
START who did jesus say were his "brother, and sister, and mother?" END
START according to jesus, who is "without honor except in his own town?" END
START what do some biblical scholars claim that jesus' family did with his message during his ministry? END
START who had a conflict with jesus and his family? END
START who did jesus send a message to while he was standing outside? END
START who embraced his family according to the new testament? END
START what was mary reading when she was standing outside? END
START what is the term used for veneration of mary in roman catholic theology? END
START in what year was the hierarchy of latria, hyperdulia and dulia established? END
START who is venerated in the roman catholic practice of dulia? END
START which theologian wrote that mary is considered to be "superior to all created beings," but is not to be the object of worhip? END
START what is the roman catholic term used to denote the worship of god? END
START when did the the second council of nicaea begin? END
START when did the the second council of nicaea end? END
START what is the ortodox term used to denote the worship of god? END
START what is the ortodox term reserved for marian veneration? END
START in what year did sergei bulgakov attend the second council of nicaea? END
START in what year did the third ecumenical council occur in ephesus? END
START whose teachings were addressed at the third ecumenical council? END
START what does the phrase "mater dei" mean? END
START what are the two latin equivalents of the greek term "theokotos?" END
START what is the literal translation of theokotos? END
START in what year did mary attend the third ecumenical council? END
START what is the name of the council where mary meet nestorius? END
START what language was spoken by nestorius? END
START what language was spoken by the church fathers? END
START when did mary meet the church fathers? END
START on what date is the feast of the immaculate conception in the latin rite of the roman catholic church? END
START which pope proclaimed the immaculate conception of mary? END
START in what year did pope pius ix make his ex cathedra proclamation of the immaculate conception of mary? END
START according to the doctrine of immaculate conception, where was mary when she first become filled with grace? END
START what is the greek term that means the same thing as "original sin?" END
START on what day did mary attend the latin rite of the roman catholic church liturgical feast? END
START when did pope pius ix become a roman catholic? END
START what language, besides latin, did pope pius ix speak? END
START in what year did orthodox christians reject the ex cathedra? END
START what book is considered to be the source of many orthodox beliefs regarding mary? END
START at what age was mary consecrated? END
START which priest officiated at mary's consecration? END
START while mary lived in the temple, who was said to have fed her? END
START who blessed the high priest zachariah? END
START on what step of the altar did mary place herself on? END
START for how many years did mary feed angels? END
START who wrote the protoevangelium of james? END
START how old was mary when she traveled to israel? END
START which religion believes that god put a veil between satan and mary? END
START according to shabbir akhtar, what role does islam believe jesus to hold? END
START who does the islamic religion hold to be the one, unique god? END
START what term is used to refer to christains by author shabbir akhtar? END
START who were the only children that could touch satan? END
START when did god remove the veil imposed between them (mary and jesus) and satan? END
START who wrote that allah is not above having a son? END
START who wrote the catholic perspective on mary's immaculate conception? END
START where in jewish literature is the story about panthera found? END
START according to the blackwell companion to jesus, for what purpose was the toledot yeshu written? END
START what is the meaning of the term "parthenos?" END
START during what historical period was the toledot yeshu written? END
START what event does raymond e. brown believe the toledot yeshu describes? END
START who wrote the medieval document the toledot yeshu? END
START who wrote the story of panthera? END
START what affects how jesus views his mother? END
START in what century was the blackwell companion written? END
START who wrote the blackwell companion? END
START how old was mary when she met joseph? END
START where did mary first meet joseph? END
START how old was mary when she conceived? END
START where was mary born? END
START what language did mary speak? END
START where did mary first meet the angel gabriel? END
START where did elizabeth first meet zechariah? END
START what language did elizabeth speak? END
START what did the angel gabriel tell elizabeth whom mary was? END
START who did jesus paint icons and carve statues of? END
START who wrote poems and songs for mary? END
START which church first wrote the mariological themes? END
START who do the saints compose poems and songs about? END
START what airport serves melbourne? END
START what is the main metropolitan train terminus called in melbourne? END
START what is the main regional train and coach terminus in melbourne? END
START what city is known to be home to australia's most extensive freeway network? END
START what country has the world's largest urban tram network? END
START what passenger airport serves melbourne? END
START what is the busiest seaport in melbourne? END
START what is the name of the main metropolitan train terminus called in melbourne? END
START what is the name of the coach terminus in melbourne? END
START who has the most extensive freeway network? END
START what is another name for melborne airport? END
START which airport is the second busiest in australia? END
START which port in melborne is the busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo? END
START what is melborne's main metropolitan train terminus? END
START where is the world's largest urban tram network located? END
START between what year's did victorian aboriginal groups dispossessed? END
START in 1844 how many aborigines resident in squalid camps in melbourne? END
START who appointed five aboriginal protectors for the aborigines of victoria in 1839? END
START who were the people that were power political and economic force in victoria in 1845? END
START how many aborigines were said to be resident in squalid camps in melbourne in january 1844? END
START how many aboriginal protectors for the aborigines of victoria were appointed in 1839? END
START by what year did fewer than 240 wealthy europeans hold all the pastoral licenses? END
START during what years were victorian aboriginal groups largely displaced from their land? END
START when was the gold rush over in melbourne? END
START how did melbourne grow as major port for exporting the agricultural products? END
START what was protected by high tarriffs? END
START in 1863, why was aboriginal population declining? END
START by what year was the gold rush largely over? END
START what was one of the major agricultural products of victoria around 1860? END
START what were some of the reasons the aboriginal population continued to recline? END
START which disease in particular caused the aboriginal population to continue a decline? END
START the aboriginal population declined by what estimated percentage by 1863? END
START what is the most populas city in the australian state of victoria? END
START what is the second most populas city in australia? END
START where is the metropolis? END
START what is the population of melbourne? END
START what are inhabitants of melbourne called? END
START which city is the capital of victoria? END
START which city is the most populous city in victoria? END
START melbourne consists of how many municipalities? END
START what was melbourne's population in 2013? END
START what are the inhabitants of melbourne called? END
START when did severe depression hit melbourne's city? END
START what went into liquidation in melbourne around the 1890's? END
START when did new construction start in melbourne? END
START when did australia have a banking crisis? END
START during what decade did melbourne suffer a sever economic depression? END
START how many "land banks" and building societies collapsed during the 1890s depression in melbourne? END
START how many limited companies went into liquidation during the 1890s depression in melbourne? END
START the melbourne financial crisis was a contributing factor to what banking crisis in 1893? END
START when did new construction start to reimerge after the early 1890s depression in melbourne? END
START what term is given to the slums established on the souther banks of the yarra? END
START in what year was melbourne chinatown founded? END
START which ethninticities contributed an influx of interstate and overseas migrants to melbourne? END
START which community is the longest continuous chinese settlement in the western world? END
START during the second half of what century did the burke and wills expedition give an indication of immigration flows? END
START in what year was a telephone exchange established in melbourne? END
START when was the first electric light installed in the eastern market? END
START in what year was the first line of the melbourne cable tramway system built? END
START in what building was the melbourne internation exhibition of 1880 held? END
START what weather phrase has become part of local popular culture in melbourne and concerns the city's rapid change in weather? END
START what is the lowest temperature on melbourne's record? END
START on what date did the lowest temperature in melbourne's records occur? END
START what is melbourne's highest temperature recorded? END
START on what date was melbourne's highest temperature recorded? END
START what is the tallest tower in australia? END
START which tower is melbourne's second tallest? END
START is the observation deck in the rialto currently opened or closed? END
START on which of melbourne's banks is the eureka tower located? END
START what building is the tallest building in the old cbd? END
START to what areas has melbourne dedicated substantial international investment? END
START in what areas has major inner-city urban renewal occurred? END
START melbourne has sustained the highest population increase and economic growth rate in any australian city according to what organization? END
START how many years did melbourne sustain the highest population increase and economic growth? END
START what is generating high demand for housing in melbourne? END
START what effect has the housing boom had on house prices and rents? END
START which of melbourne's suburbs have seen significant brownfields redevelopment in recent years? END
START what types of surburban development did melbourne policies promote? END
START who was melbourne named by? END
START who was melbourne named in honor of? END
START what year was melbourne officially declared a city? END
START what year did melbourne cease in serving as the nations interim seat of government? END
START melbourne became the capital of what colony in 1851? END
START in what year did melbourne set a target to reduce carbon emissions to net zero? END
START by what year did melbourne state it wished to be completely carbon neutral? END
START which city notably opted not to become carbon neutral in 2009? END
START does melbourne have one of the largest or smallest carbon footprints in the world? END
START who is responsible for regulating pollution in melbourne? END
START who designed the rialto building in 1889?  END
START who designed the winfield building in 1890? END
START which building was listed as the 13th tallest residential building in the world in january 2014? END
START in what year was the eureka tower completed? END
START how does melbourne's skyline rank in terms of other skylines in australia? END
START tasmania was formerly known as what? END
START current central and northern melbourne was explored by whom? END
START how many acres did john batman claim to purchase? END
START how many elders did john batman claim to have negotiated with? END
START on what date did batman reach melbourne? END
START what is locally referred to as the australian dream? END
START which year marked the start of the private automobile's popularity increase? END
START do the docklands, st. kilda road, and southbank areas feature high-density or low-density forms? END
START is much of melbourne's metropolitan area characterized as low-density sprawl or high-density sprawl? END
START when victoria was established as a seperate colony, the need for what followed? END
START during what two decades were the parliament house, treasury building, victoria barracks, state library, and general post office commenced? END
START melbourne's weath was due in part to what event? END
START which writer's festival is home to melbourne? END
START what type of work are the mystery of a hansom cab, monkey grip, and the slap? END
START what do the novels the mystery of a hansom cab, monkey grip, and the slap have in common? END
START where are peter carey, germaine greer, and thomas browne from? END
START what occupation to peter carey, germaine greer, and thomas browne hold? END
START which phrase was coined by george augustus henry sala during a visit to melbourne in 1885? END
START in what year did the land boom reach its peak of development? END
START in what year was a hydraulic facility established? END
START in what year was the apa building completed? END
START what did melbourne's hydraulic facilities help create that spurred high-rise developments? END
START melbourne is the world's most liveable city according to whom? END
START for how many years has melbourne been considered the world's most liveable city? END
START which city is referred to as australia's cultural capital? END
START what is one example of australian contemporary dance? END
START how many of the top twenty high school sin australia are located in mebourne according to the better education ranking? END
START according to the toyal melbourne institute of technology, how did melborne rank as a top university city in 2008? END
START how many public universities are located in melbourne? END
START is the university of melbourne a public or private institution? END
START has there been a recent increase or decrease in international students studying in melbourne? END
START in what year were height limits lifted in the melbourne cbd? END
START which was the first new indoor mall in melbourne? END
START what happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era? END
START which two areas saw a significant renewal after the post-war period and significantly modernised the city? END
START in what year was melbourne the host city for the first olympic games held in the southern hemisphere? END
START previous to melbourne, where were all olympic games held? END
START in what three years was melbourne proclaimed the "world's ultimate sports city"? END
START where did the national sports museum reopen in 2008? END
START which city is so far the southernmost city to host the olympic games? END
START in what year was the first plan for the city commissioned? END
START what was the first plan for the city in 1837 called? END
START on what date did the official general post office open? END
START what was the settlement originally named? END
START was melbourne more or less affected by the late-2000s financial crisis in comparison to other australian cities? END
START which market in melbourne remained strong during the late-2000s financial crisis and resulted in historically high property prices and rent increases? END
START after melbourne, which were the next two fastest growing australian cities in 2009? END
START what is the name given to melbourne's population strategy that was revised in 2008?  END
START how many of the big four banks are headquartered in melbourne? END
START which two of the big four banks are headquartered in melbourne? END
START which city is australia's second-largest industrial centre? END
START which south-eastern suburb is home to nintendo's australian headquarters? END
START melbourne is home to a research and development hub for which auto manufacturer? END
START in what two decades was the layout of melbourne's inner suburbs established? END
START in what year did the melbourne cricket club secure possession of its now famous ground, the mcg? END
START around what year did yarra rowing clubs and "regattas" become popular? END
START in what year was the melbourne cup first run? END
START what was the first public monumnet acquired in melbourne in 1864? END
START what percentage of melburnians speak only english at home? END
START what is the second-most-common language in melborne? END
START the melbourne statistical division population has grown by how many people each year since 2005? END
START what factors make melbourne more attractie than sydney for overseas immigrants? END
START during which seasons are melbourne's temperature differentials most pronounced? END
START which type of weather fronts are responsible for severe weather such as gales, thunderstorms, hail, and heavy rain in melbourne? END
START what is melbourne's koppen climate classification? END
START is melbourne known for changeable or steady weather patterns? END
START what is one cause for melbourne's fluctuating weather patterns? END
START which government project aimed to deepen melbourne ports by dredging? END
START why was the port phillip channel deppening project subject to controversy and strict regulations? END
START up to how many cigarette butts enter the storm water runoff every day in melbourne? END
START what initiative was launched in melbourne in february 2010 as an effort to transition human society towards sustainability? END
START what causes increased pollution and levels of bacteria such as e. coli to rise in the yarra river and its tributaries? END
START investment in what greatly accelerated the outward suburban sprawn and declining inner city population? END
START which government sought to rapidly accelerate the modernisation of melbourne? END
START the widening of what street helped to change the face of melbourne into a car-dominated environment? END
START did the 1969 melbourne transportation plan change melbourne into a more car-dominated or tram-dominated environment? END
START did the rapid rise of motor vehicle ownership and highway developments lead to an increasing or declining inner city population? END
START how many lines does the melbourne rail network have? END
START which rail station is melbourne's busiest? END
START which melbourne rail station was the world's busiest passenger station in 1926? END
START during which financial year did the melbourne rail network record its highest volume of passenger trips? END
START how often does the xpt to sydney depart? END
START which university maintains two major campuses in melbourne and geelong and is the third largest university in victoria? END
START what is the role of the deecd? END
START who oversees education in melbourne? END
START which city is often referred to as australia's garden city? END
START which australian state was once known as the garden state? END
START why is urban melbourne divided into hundreds of suburbs? END
START approximately how many sunny days does melbourne receive annually? END
START what is the range of melbourne's dewpoint temperatures in the summer? END
START which suburbs usually are affected by relatively narrow streams of heavy showers? END
START is port phillip generally warmer or colder than the surrounding oceans and/or the land mass? END
START which act sets functions for melbourne such as urban planning and waste management? END
START from where does the victorian state government operate? END
START contrary to other countires, are public transport, traffic control, policing, and education the responsibility of local or state government? END
START what are the dimensions of the hoddle grid? END
START which edge of the hoddle grid fronts onto the yarra river? END
START what is the name of a popular arcade located within the hoddle grid? END
START which railway station was the busiest in the world in the mid-1920s? END
START in what year was construction on the flinders street station completed? END
START on which street is the a.c. goode house located? END
START who designed the a.c. goode house? END
START what style of architecture is the a.c. goode house? END
START what are the two most popular sports in melbourne? END
START when was the first official test cricket match played at the melbourne cricket ground? END
START where is the australian football league headquartered? END
START how many of the australian football league's teams are based in the melbourne metropolitan area? END
START up to how many afl matches are played each week in melbourne? END
START which port is australia's largest container and general cargo port? END
START how far upstream to water taxis run along the yarra river? END
START how many shipping containers did the port of melbourne handle during a 12-month period in 2007, making it one of the top five ports in the southern hemisphere? END
START which is australia's busiest port? END
START where is station pier located? END
START how many people are employed by the ict industry in melbourne? END
START what percentage of australia's ict workforce is imployed in melbourne's ict industry? END
START in 2008, melbourne overtook what city with the amount of money that domestic tourists spent in the city? END
START how many international visitors did melbourne have in 2004? END
START domestic visitors spend about how much money in the city of melbourne annually? END
START melbourne's population could overtake that of sydney by 2037 or 2039 primarily due to what factor? END
START according to the first scenario projected by the abs, how soon could melbourne overtake sydney's population level? END
START in how many scenarios will sydney remain higher than melbourne in population beyond 2056? END
START which theatre was melbourne's first live performance institution? END
START in what year did the pavilion open? END
START the princess theatre, regent theatre, and forum theatre are members of which of melbourne's theater districts? END
START where are the melbourne recital centre and southbank theatre located? END
START from what year does the sidney myer music bowl date? END
START how many daily newspapers serve melbourne? END
START how many free-to-air television stations service greater melbourne and geelong? END
START from where is c31 broadcast? END
START what type of companies are broadsheet and threethousand? END
START when did melbourne heart become known as melbourne city fc? END
START what are melbourne's two ice hockey teams named? END
START in which river was the annual race to prince's bridge held? END
START where does the soccer club melbourne victory play home games? END
START which basketball club in melbourne plays in the nbl? END
START does melbourne have a high or low dependency on the automobile? END
START how many private vehicles travel melbourne's 13,870 miles of road? END
START which freeway spans the large bolte bridge? END
START which freeway links melbourne and sydney? END
START what have postcode 3000 and melbourne 2030 aimed to do? END
START how many people did carlton have per km2 between 2012 and 2013? END
START how many people did fitzroy have per km2 between 2012 and 2013? END
START according to the australian bureau of statistics as of june 2013, inner city melbourne had a population density of how many people per km2? END
START where are million dollar minute and family feud based? END
START where are dancing with the stars, masterchef, and the block filmed? END
START neighbours, kath & kim, winners and losers, offspring, and underbelly are examples of what kind of media produced in melbourne? END
START which national news-based programs are based in melbourne? END
START which city is known as the game show capital of australia? END
START how many airports does melbourne have? END
START which airport is the city's main international and domestic gateway? END
START which airport is the second busiest in all of australia? END
START what are the only forms of public transport to and from the city's main airports? END
START which rail station was the world's busiest passenger station in 1927? END
START in the 1940s, what percentage of travellers used public transport? END
START in 2003, what percentage of travellers used public transport? END
START in what year was the public transport system privatised? END
START what was the target percentage of public transport mode share that was set by the state government in 2006? END
START who manages the water storage and supply for melbourne? END
START who owns melbourne water? END
START which is melbourne's largest dam? END
START where is the thomson river dam located? END
START how much of melbourne's water capacity is the thomson river dam capable of holding? END
START melbourne experienced rapid growth after 1851 due to the discovery of what? END
START melbourne and which other regional cities became the wealthiest cities in the world during the gold rush era? END
START how much did melbourne's population increase within months of the gold rush? END
START by what year had melbourne overtaken sydney as australia's most populous city? END
START on what date was the first federal parliament convened? END
START where was the first federal parliament convened in 1901? END
START the governor-general of australia resided at the government house in melbourne until what year? END
START where was the federal parliament moved after 1927? END
START during which years did melbourne experience an economic downturn? END
START which city is the center of australia's "rust belt"? END
START the australian grand prix moved to melbourne from where? END
START which government in 1992 began a campaign to revive the economy? END
START which body of water and township of the same name marks the border between melbourne and geelong? END
START little river marks the boundary between melbourne and which city? END
START little river marks the boundary between geelong and which other city? END
START has melbourne's air quality improved or declined since the 1980s? END
START what factors deplete melbourne water supplies? END
START which government announced a $3.1 billion wonthaggi desalination plant in june 2007? END
START how many litres of water will the wonthaggi desalination plant be capbale of treating per year? END
START which factors make melbourne one of the moust vibrant destinations in australia? END
START for how many years in a row has melbourne held the top position in a survey of the world's most liveable cities? END
START what is australia's largest free community festival? END
START how many international overnight visitors came to melbourne during the year ending march 2014? END
START how many domestic overnight visitors came to melbourne during the year ending march 2014? END
START what was the world's first feature film? END
START in what city was the world's first feature film shot in 1906? END
START why were films banned by victorian politicans in 1912? END
START what year were bushranger films banned by victorian politicians? END
START in what "lull" year was on the beach filmed? END
START what are the most common type of housing outside inner city melbourne? END
START is residential architecture in melbourne defined by a single architectural style or an eclectic mix of buildings? END
START are townhouses, condominiums, and apartment buildings found more prevalent in the metropolitan area or outside the city? END
START in which areas does melbourne's diversified economy have strengths? END
START which company is the world's largest mining company? END
START which city is home to australia's largest and busiest seaport? END
START which city is home to australia's second busiest airport? END
START how much money in trade does australia's largest and busiest seaport handle? END
START which city has the largest greek-speaking population outside of europe? END
START which city in greece is melbourne's sister city? END
START what is the most common surname in melbourne's phone book? END
START what is the secondmost common surname in melbourne's phone book? END
START which melbourne based university has campuses in malaysia? END
START which melbourne based college has a research centre in prato, italy? END
START which university is the second oldest in australia? END
START what is the group of eight? END
START what are examples of youth radio stations? END
START which music stations strive to play under represented music? END
START which radio station caters for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender audiences? END
START which station caters to sports fans and enthusiasts? END
START 3mbs and abc classic fm play what type of music? END
START what are the origins of melbourne's tram network? END
START how many passenger trips were made by tram in melbourne between 2013-2014? END
START how many tram stops are on melbourne's tram network? END
START how many routes does melbourne's bus network consist of? END
START how many passenger trips were recorded on melbourne's buses in 2013-2014 END
START when was john born? END
START who did henry marry? END
START who was henry's ally? END
START who backed john's elder brothers? END
START where did henry travel to? END
START who returned to brittany? END
START who was imprisoned? END
START when did richard die? END
START who was the sole surviving son? END
START where was john crowned? END
START whose army pressed up the loire valley? END
START when did philip summon john to attend court? END
START what was john summoned as? END
START what principle did john's predecessors use? END
START what quality did henry ii and richard possess? END
START what century were there contrary opinions expressed about the nature of kingship? END
START what did john suffer from? END
START what happened at the start of john's reign? END
START how long did the inflationary pressure continue? END
START when did john address problems with the english currency? END
START how did he address the problems with the english currency? END
START who was henry's favorite child? END
START when was john appointed the lord of ireland? END
START when did richard i become king? END
START who unsuccessfully attempted a rebellion against richard's royal administrators? END
START who was john's second wife? END
START  nicholas vincent was described as what? END
START when did john have conjugal relationships with isabella? END
START how many children did john and isabella have? END
START when did war with france break out? END
START when was john excommunicated? END
START when was the magna carta peace treaty agreed upon? END
START who won victory over louis and the rebel barons? END
START what prevented the departure of the planned 1205 expedition? END
START when did poitou depart? END
START why did john divert south? END
START why did philip move south? END
START when was henry crowned king of england? END
START what was henry promised as part of his future inheritance? END
START who became the duke of brittany? END
START what was john's nickname? END
START how tall was john? END
START what did john build up? END
START who became a connoisseur of jewels? END
START what did john do in fits of rage? END
START when did hubert walter die? END
START what lead to the king's excommunication? END
START who said pope innocent was an ambitious and aggressive religious leader? END
START when did john make his first visit to ireland? END
START how many knights accompanied john to ireland? END
START how did john offend the local irish rulers? END
START who did henry fight a short war with in 1183? END
START how did henry the young king die? END
START who became the duke of aquitaine in place of richard? END
START when did the war end? END
START when were the papal terms for submission accepted? END
START how many marks did john surrender? END
START where was the agreement formalised? END
START who did john explore an alliance with? END
START what did john do when richard did not return from his crusade? END
START who captured richard? END
START when did the king return to england? END
START who refused to work with puiset? END
START when was longchamp isolated in the tower of london? END
START where did walter of coutances return to? END
START where did the rebel barons congregate? END
START who was the rebel baron leader? END
START what did john instruct langton to do? END
START how long did the new peace last? END
START when was john's decision to marry isabella? END
START john acquired key land between poitou and where? END
START john moved south into where? END
START who renewed the anti-french alliances? END
START when was the treaty of le goulet negotiated? END
START what nickname did john's policy earn him? END
START the rebel barons invited who to lead them? END
START who was henry ii's granddaughter? END
START what did john do once he contained alexander in scotland? END
START who did john attempt to convince? END
START where was arthur imprisoned? END
START who was kept imprisoned by john for many years? END
START what victory strengthened john's position? END
START who deserted john in favor of philip? END
START how was john's financial situation? END
START who was declared the protector of henry iii after john's death? END
START who gave up their claim to the english throne? END
START what agreement failed? END
START until when did henry iii continue his attempts to reclaim normandy? END
START what was one of john's principal challenges? END
START when did richard sell many royal properties? END
START where did john derive income from? END
START what was of particular importance to john? END
START when was the system of coroners first introduced? END
START why was john motivated? END
START when did new interpretations of john's reign begin to emerge? END
START who wrote an essay in 1945 that proposed a "new approach?" END
START who suggested that ireland was less stable by 1216 than previously supposed? END
START john was deeply suspicious of who? END
START what famous knight was subjected to john's malevolentia? END
START how many marks did de braose refuse to pay? END
START when did de braose die? END
START who did henry ii express his fury and ill-will towards? END
START what was exacerbated by the tradition of angevin royal ira et malevolentia? END
START john had to additional ability to do what? END
START john spent much of 1205 doing what? END
START when did john recreate a version of henry ii's assize of arms? END
START how many knights out of ten would be mobilised? END
START john focused on trying to retake what? END
START john did not regard the loss of duchy as a permanent shift in what? END
START what was john's preferred plan? END
START john remained what throughout his reign? END
START when did the king cross into ireland with a large army? END
START during richard's rule, what did john successfully do? END
START when was the political relationship between england and scotland disputed? END
START who forced william the lion to swear fealty to him? END
START what did john force william to sign? END
START john treated the interdict as what? END
START john seized the lands of who? END
START when did innocent excommunicate the king? END
START how many marks did the church lose? END
START john felt langton was overly influenced by what? END
START who was barred langton from entering england? END
START when did innocent place an interdict on england? END
START john besieged what castle? END
START who refused to advance with the king? END
START who won the battle of bouvines? END
START how long was the truce intended to last for? END
START when did john begin his final campaign to reclaim normandy? END
START who did john build alliances with? END
START when did john leave for poitou? END
START who made the first move in the war? END
START what did the rebels seize? END
START who lead the rebellion against the 1211 settlement? END
START what was john's strategy? END
START who suspected that the proposed baronial council would be unacceptable? END
START john appealed to who for help? END
START the failure of the agreement lead to what? END
START what did the king lose on his way to the west? END
START when did john face a stalemate? END
START when were the crown jewels lost? END
START when did john begin a fresh, vigorous attack? END
START where did john march from? END
START where did john contract dysentery? END
START who invaded northern england? END
START when did political and religious changes alter the attitude of historians towards john? END
START which historians were favourably inclined towards the king? END
START what praised john's "great renown" as a king? END
START what heavily influenced nineteenth-century fictional depictions of john? END
START who played john in 1938? END
START who was john depicted alongside? END
START which historians wrote early in john's life? END
START how did historians feel about john's behavior under richard's rule? END
START john attempted conversion of what in exchange for military aid? END
START when did popular representations of john begin to emerge? END
START what was anthony munday's play? END
START in the troublesome reign of king john, john portrayed the king as what? END
START who was critical of john's performance as king? END
START what historian summarised the contemporary historical opinion of john's positive qualities? END
START john remains a recurring character within what culture? END
START henry ii wanted to secure the southern borders of what? END
START who was alais? END
START what castles did henry ii transfer into john's name? END
START when did john successfully conduct a sudden attack and siege of evreux castle? END
START richard withdrew what towards john? END
START who was the count of mortain? END
START who was isabella engaged to? END
START hugh of lusignan was an important member of what? END
START john treated hugh with what? END
START what did john attempt to relieve in late 1203? END
START who blocked john's relief operation? END
START when did gaillard fall? END
START what was john's only remaining possession on the continent? END
START how many times did john levi scutage payments? END
START when did john initiate a new round of appointments? END
START who were subject to huge taxes? END
START when did john create a new tax on income and movable goods? END
START many of john's mistresses were what? END
START how many children did john have with mistresses during his first marriage? END
START how many of john's known illegitimate children were born after he remarried? END
START how many galleys were available by the end of 1204? END
START 54 vessels were built between what years? END
START who was appointed "keeper of the galleys?" END
START where did john visit every year between 1204 and 1211? END
START who did john marry joan to? END
START what did john use to increase his own territory and power? END
START when did a royal expedition to enforce agreements occur? END
START where were monastic communities allowed to celebrate mass in private? END
START when was the holy viaticum for the dying authorised? END
START what threat was john worried about? END
START where did john hold a council in january 1215? END
START where did john recruit mercenary forces from? END
START john announced his intent to become what? END
START when did john retake rochester castle? END
START john marched against who in january 1216? END
START john sent william longespee to retake what? END
START when did john die? END
START when was a new sarcophagus made for him? END
START where was john buried? END
START who blamed john's family background for his cruel personality? END
START what documents trace a progressive and universalist course of political and economic development in england? END
START what period in the 19th century were historians more inclined to draw on the judgements of the chroniclers? END
START john lost the duchy of normandy to who? END
START what led to the sealing of the magna carta? END
START the collapse of the angevin empire contributed to the growth in power of what dynasty? END
START where did eleanor leave to? END
START john was taught by who? END
START john was assigned what whilst he was at fontevrault? END
START john spent the conflict traveling alongside who? END
START when did henry ii appropriate the estates of the late earl of cornwall? END
START who dismissed william fitzaldelm as the lord of ireland? END
START when did richard become king? END
START who took over as joint justiciar with puiset after mandeville died? END
START who convinced richard to allow john to join into england? END
START warfare in normandy was shaped by what? END
START what were mercenary forces called? END
START what castle was built at a strategic point? END
START who accompanied john? END
START why was philip forced to withdraw in the east? END
START who was caught by surprised? END
START what did john inherit in england? END
START who dealt with income and expenditure? END
START john followed in the tradition of who? END
START john's royal household was based around what? END
START who were the curia regis? END
START the mercenary leaders became infamous in england for what? END
START historians suspected that john was at best what? END
START who was later declared a saint? END
START many records showed what? END
START what did john do during the truce of 1206-1208? END
START by 1212, john had successfully concluded alliances  with who? END
START john launched his new fleet to attach the french where? END
START who did john want to be appointed archbishop of canterbury? END
START who did innocent disavow? END
START who did john force to change their support to john de gray? END
START where did many of the disaffected barons come from? END
START who was appointed justiciar? END
START what was the final straw that precipitated the baronial uprising during john's final years as king? END
START when did john meet the rebel leaders at runnymede? END
START a council of how many barons was created to monitor john's future adherence to the charter? END
START the peace agreement was renamed what? END
START when did prince louis int to land in the south of england? END
START why did john hesitate to attack louis? END
START when did the rebels regain the south-east of england? END
START when was isabel released from imprisonment? END
START who did joan marry to become queen consort? END
START how many legitimate children did john have? END
START who was john's eldest son? END
START what biographers argue that john was an unsuccessful monarch? END
START modern historians have been over lenient towards what? END
START john gillingham considers john what? END
START what hindered the competetive ability of apple when it was introduced? END
START where did macintosh initially find success in the market? END
START which platform, when improved in the 1990's, took market share from macintosh? END
START what type of advantage did intel's pentium over macintosh systems in the 1990's? END
START who became the top pc manufacturer in 1994, leaving apple in 3rd place? END
START what hindered the competetive ability of microsoft when it was introduced? END
START where did macintosh initially fail in the market? END
START which platform, when improved in the 1980's, took market share from macintosh? END
START what type of advantage did intel's pentium over macintosh systems in the 1980's? END
START who became the top pc manufacturer in 1984, leaving apple in 3rd place? END
START how much ram did the first maciuntosh board have? END
START whose idea was it to run apple lisa's graphical programs on the macintosh? END
START what did tribble first incorporate into the mac? END
START which design feature did smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board more cost-efficient? END
START what feature was missing from the final mac design produced by smith? END
START how much rom did the first macintosh board have? END
START whose idea was it to run microsoft lisa's graphical programs on the macintosh? END
START what did tribble last incorporate into the mac? END
START which design feature did smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board less cost-efficient? END
START what feature was present in the final mac design produced by smith? END
START how much did apple spend to advertise in a special post-election issue of newsweek? END
START what was the name of the big promotion apple ran in the special edition of newsweek? END
START what did apple allow potential buyers to take home and try for 24 hours? END
START how were many computers returned during the test drive a macintosh promotion that made them unsellable? END
START who was the ceo of apple during the test drive a macintosh promotion? END
START what was the longest-lived macintosh in apple's history while it was in production? END
START how long did the mac plus remain in production, unchanged? END
START in 1986, what did apple introduce to allow developers to create software for macintosh on macintosh? END
START what did apple's hyercard and multifinder add to the macintosh? END
START after their unveiling in 1987, what did apple begin bundling with every macintosh? END
START what was the shortest-lived macintosh in apple's history while it was in production? END
START how long did the mac minus remain in production, unchanged? END
START in 1984, what did apple introduce to allow developers to create software for macintosh on macintosh? END
START what did microsoft's hyercard and multifinder add to the macintosh? END
START after their unveiling in 1978, what did apple begin bundling with every macintosh? END
START what macintosh first included an on-board mmu? END
START what was the first mac to be "32-bit clean"? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh llfx when it was unveiled? END
START how many apple ii cpus's did the new macintosh llfx include? END
START how fast was the processor on the new macintosh llfx? END
START what macintosh first included an on-board mum? END
START what was the first mac to be "23-bit clean"? END
START how many apple i cpus's did the new macintosh llfx include? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh llf when it was unveiled? END
START how fast was the processor on the new macintosh llx? END
START which mac is known for improving the handling of color graphics? END
START who did apple pay expensive consulting fees to before doing in-house work? END
START what was established for bringing apple's design work in-house? END
START who was responsible for crafting a new look for all apple products? END
START how did the mac system 7 improve multitasking? END
START which mac is known for improving the handling of non-color graphics? END
START who did microsoft pay expensive consulting fees to before doing in-house work? END
START what was established for bringing microsoft's design work in-house? END
START who was responsible for crafting a new look for all microsoft products? END
START how did the mac system 6 improve multitasking? END
START who returned to apple in 1997? END
START what did steve jobs order the os version 7.7 to be branded as? END
START what did the branding of the mac os 8 effectively end? END
START what effect did mac's decision to brand the mac os8 have on companies such as motorola? END
START how much money did umax lose when it exited the low-end mac clone market? END
START who returned to apple in 1990? END
START what did steve jobs order the os version 7.8 to be branded as? END
START what did the branding of the mac os 7 effectively end? END
START what effect did mac's decision to brand the mac os7 have on companies such as motorola? END
START how much money did umax lose when it exited the high-end mac clone market? END
START what did dated architecture on the mac os line make necessary? END
START what programming language was the mac os initially developed in? END
START what language replaced pascal for system 7? END
START what was the fuly overhauled successor to mac os 9? END
START upon release, what interface allowed mac users to sample apple's new operating system and provide feedback for the actual release? END
START what did new architecture on the mac os line make necessary? END
START what spoken language was the mac os initially developed in? END
START what language replaced pascal for system 8? END
START what was the fuly overhauled successor to mac os 8? END
START upon release, what interface allowed mac users to sample microsoft's new operating system and provide feedback for the actual release? END
START what is the only mainstream computer platform to successfully transition to a new cpu architecture? END
START what is the standard amount of ram included with almost all current mac models? END
START which macbook pro port can transfer data at speeds up to 10 gigabits per second? END
START when was the imac g5 released? END
START which interface did apple introduce that was capable of being operated by an apple remote or keyboard for accessing media stored on the computer? END
START what is the standard amount of ram shipped with most mac models? END
START what processors are used by the current mac product family? END
START how many data transfer ports are included in most current macs? END
START according to apple, how fast can the thunderbolt port transfer data? END
START what is the only mainstream computer platform to unsuccessfully transition to a new cpu architecture? END
START what is the standard amount of rom included with almost all current mac models? END
START which macbook pro port can transfer data at speeds up to 20 gigabits per second? END
START when was the imac g6 released? END
START which interface did apple introduce that was capable of being operated by an microsoft remote or keyboard for accessing media stored on the computer? END
START which technique was once used to boot an alternate operating system than mac os? END
START what was introduced that made using mac os alternative operating systems easier? END
START what were open firmware-based pci macs used as a convenience because of? END
START where does mac hardware boot directly to in all intel-based macs? END
START where does mac harware boot directly to in most powerpc-based macs? END
START which technique was once used to boot an alternate operating system than mac so? END
START what was introduced that made using mac op alternative operating systems easier? END
START what were open firmware-based pic macs used as a convenience because of? END
START where does mac hardware boot indirectly to in all intel-based macs? END
START where does mac harware boot indirectly to in most powerpc-based macs? END
START who was brought in to shape the marketing of macintosh in 1982? END
START what role did andy cunningham and jane anderson have in the macintosh launch plan? END
START who introduced the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept to apple? END
START which company first used the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept? END
START what did the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept create around a product? END
START who was brought in to shape the marketing of macintosh in 1928? END
START what role did andy cunningham and jane anderson have in the microsoft launch plan? END
START who introduced the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept to microsoft? END
START which company last used the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept? END
START what didn't the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept create around a product? END
START who initiated a successful price war among pc manufacturers in 1994? END
START who did compaq overtake in the price war of 1994? END
START what happened to apple's market share with the release of windows 95? END
START what unified microsoft's ms-dos and windows products? END
START what significantly enhanced the multimedia capability of ibm pc compatible computers? END
START who initiated a successful price war among pc manufacturers in 1995 END
START who did compaq overtake in the price war of 1993? END
START what happened to apple's market share with the release of windows 98? END
START what unified apple's ms-dos and windows products? END
START what significantly enhanced the multimedia capability of ibm pc incompatible computers? END
START what percent of the desktop share in the u.s. did apple have in 2003? END
START who are idc and gartner? END
START what was apple's market share in the u.s. by 2006? END
START what percentage of unit sale increase did apple see from 2005 to 2006? END
START what was the estimated installed base of mac computers in 2009? END
START what percent of the desktop share in the u.s. did apple have in 2004? END
START who are cid and gartner? END
START what was apple's market share in the u.s. by 2005? END
START what percentage of unit sale increase did apple see from 2005 to 2007? END
START what was the estimated installed base of mac computers in 2010? END
START when was the macintosh se released at the same time as? END
START what was the first compact mac with a 20 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh se? END
START what did the location of the se's expansion slot potentially expose an upgrader to? END
START who did apple suggest users go to for performing updates on their se's? END
START when was the macintosh es released at the same time as? END
START what was the last compact mac with a 20 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot? END
START what was the first compact mac with a 40 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh es? END
START what did the location of the es's expansion slot potentially expose an upgrader to? END
START what is partially credited for the significant boost in sales of macs in recent years? END
START what allows users to easily sync data between an iphone and a mac? END
START what consumer trend has hurt many personal computer manufacturers? END
START which smartphone has hurt personal computer manufacterers the most? END
START what are the top two computing devices consumers are choosing? END
START what is partially credited for the insignificant boost in sales of macs in recent years? END
START what allows users to easily sync data between an iphone and a pc? END
START what consumer trend has hurt many business computer manufacturers? END
START which smartphone has hurt personal computer manufacterers the least? END
START what are the top three computing devices consumers are choosing? END
START what did apple introduce in 1990 to combat competition from smartphones? END
START what was the less expensive version of the macintosh se that was offered until 2001? END
START which macintosh had a distinctive "pizza box" case? END
START how many expansion slots did the macintosh iisi have? END
START how did apple's profit margin on the lower cost mac's compare to the profit margin onearlier models? END
START what did apple introduce in 1991 to combat competition from smartphones? END
START what was the more expensive version of the macintosh se that was offered until 2001? END
START which ibm had a distinctive "pizza box" case? END
START how many expansion slots did the macintosh isi have? END
START how did apple's profit margin on the higher cost mac's compare to the profit margin on earlier models? END
START when did apple begin to favor aluminum in their design? END
START which mac used aluminum in it's construction? END
START which material did apple add with the 2008 unibody macbrook pro? END
START are aluminum and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful? END
START what has chief designer jonathan ive been able to eliminate in mac notebooks? END
START when did apple begin not to favor aluminum in their design? END
START which mac used tin in it's construction? END
START which material did apple add with the 2009 unibody macbrook pro? END
START are tin and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful? END
START what has chief designer jonathan ive been able to eliminate in hp notebooks? END
START who began the macintosh project in 1979? END
START what was jef raskin's profession? END
START what did jef raskin envision for a computer to be for an average consumer? END
START why was the spelling of mcintosh changed to macintosh? END
START what did mcintosh laboratory, inc. manufacture? END
START who began the macintosh project in 1997? END
START what wasn't jef raskin's profession? END
START what did jef raskin envision for a computer to be for an average business? END
START why wasn't the spelling of mcintosh changed to macintosh? END
START what did macintosh laboratory, inc. manufacture? END
START who discussed rumors of a mysterious "macintosh" project in 1983? END
START where was the macintosh 128k manufactured? END
START how much did the television commercial "1984" cost? END
START what did the television commercial "1984" introduce? END
START what did regis mckenna call the "1984" ad that was aired during the super bowl? END
START who discussed rumors of a mysterious "macintosh" project in 1938? END
START where was the microsoft 128k manufactured? END
START how much did the television commercial "1948" cost? END
START what did the television commercial "1948" introduce? END
START what did regis mckenna call the "1948" ad that was aired during the super bowl? END
START when was the macintosh branded as mac? END
START who designed, develped, and marketed the mac computers? END
START what did steve jobs introduce on january 24, 1984? END
START what interface type did the original macintosh include? END
START when did apple begin phasing out macintosh in favor of "mac"? END
START when was the microsoft branded as mac? END
START who designed, develped, and marketed the ibm computers? END
START what did steve jobs introduce on january 24, 1988? END
START what interface type did the original macintosh exclude? END
START when did microsoft begin phasing out macintosh in favor of "mac"? END
START when was the activity of desktop publishing first used? END
START what company was desktop publishing unique to at it's beginning? END
START what three things were combined to develop desktop publishing? END
START what did desktop publishing enable users to do? END
START what applications strengthened mac's position as a graphics computer? END
START when was the activity of desktop publishing last used? END
START what company was desktop publishing not unique to at it's beginning? END
START what two things were combined to develop desktop publishing? END
START what did desktop publishing disable users from doing? END
START what applications weakened mac's position as a graphics computer? END
START what year was raskin hired by apple? END
START who did raskin immediately hire to help him on the apple project in 1979? END
START who comprised the original mac team besides raskin? END
START who eventually lead the project on the mac team? END
START what year was raskin fired by apple? END
START who did raskin immediately fire to help him on the apple project in 1979? END
START who did raskin immediately hire to help him on the apple project in 1997? END
START who comprised the original microsoft team besides raskin? END
START who eventually lead the project on the microsoft team? END
START how many macs did apple sell worldwide during the 2009 holiday season? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2010? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2011? END
START what ranking was apple in the pc global market share during 2014? END
START who outperformed apple in the 2014 pc global market share? END
START how many macs did apple sell worldwide during the 2008 holiday season? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2000? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2001? END
START what ranking was apple in the pc global market share during 2016? END
START who outperformed apple in the 2017 pc global market share? END
START in 1987, what did apple spin off its software business as? END
START which series of applications was claris responsible for inventing? END
START what did claris rename the informix wingz spreadsheet program? END
START what was clarisworks renamed beginning with version 5.0? END
START when was clarisworks reincorporated back into apple? END
START in 1978, what did apple spin off its software business as? END
START which series of applications was claris not responsible for inventing? END
START what didn't claris rename the informix wingz spreadsheet program? END
START what was clarisworks renamed beginning with version 4.0? END
START when was clarisworks reincorporated back into microsoft? END
START what two applications came bundled with macs 2 days after "1984" was aired? END
START why did many software developers choose not to redesign the mac operating system and rewrite the programming code? END
START what year did microsoft's multiplan migrate over from ms-dos? END
START what year was apple's macintosh office suite introduced? END
START what did apple's "lemmings" ad, which introduced macintosh office, do that made the ad unsuccessful? END
START what two applications came bundled with macs 2 days after "1948" was aired? END
START why did many hardware developers choose not to redesign the mac operating system and rewrite the programming code? END
START what year did apple's multiplan migrate over from ms-dos? END
START what year was microsoft's macintosh office suite introduced? END
START what did microsoft's "lemmings" ad, which introduced macintosh office, do that made the ad unsuccessful? END
START according to npd, who has generally dominated the premium pc market? END
START what was macintosh ranked on the "list of intended brands for desktop purchases" for the 2011 holiday season? END
START who did macintosh displace from 2nd place on the 2012 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START who did macintosh displace from 1st place on the 2013 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START which of apple's products is focused on the ultraportable niche of pc's? END
START according to ndp, who has generally dominated the premium pc market? END
START what was macintosh ranked on the "list of intended brands for desktop purchases" for the 2010 holiday season? END
START who did macintosh displace from 2nd place on the 2011 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START who did macintosh displace from 1st place on the 2012 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START which of microsoft's products is focused on the ultraportable niche of pc's? END
START what part of the mac's could not be expanded easily in 1984? END
START what did mac's lack in 1984 and have no means to easily attach? END
START what did some small companies suggest mac's 16 memory chips be replaced with? END
START how much more memory did apple's macintosh 512k, introduced in 1984, have than the original? END
START what was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for 128k macs? END
START what part of the mac's could not be expanded easily in 1994? END
START what did mac's lack in 1994 and have no means to easily attach? END
START what did some small companies suggest mac's 32 memory chips be replaced with? END
START how much more memory did apple's macintosh 512k, introduced in 1994, have than the original? END
START what was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for 256k macs? END
START on what grounds did apple sue microsoft and hewlett-packard in 1988? END
START how was the lawsuit decided for apple vs. microsoft and hewlett-packard? END
START what did the fsf feel that apple was trying to monopolize on? END
START how long did the fsf boycott gnu software for the macintosh platform? END
START what are some of the issues apple cited in the lawsuit against microsoft and hp? END
START on what grounds did apple sue microsoft and hewlett-packard in 1998? END
START how was the lawsuit decided for apple vs. compaq and hewlett-packard? END
START what did the fsf feel that microsoft was trying to monopolize on? END
START how long did the fsf boycott gun software for the macintosh platform? END
START what aren't some of the issues apple cited in the lawsuit against microsoft and hp? END
START what did apple's creation of too many similar models do to potential buyers? END
START what was the hardware manufactured by third parties for apple's system 7 known as? END
START what did the macintosh clones provide for consumers? END
START what did macintosh clones succeed in increasing for macintosh? END
START who did the macintosh clones hurt financially? END
START what did microsoft's creation of too many similar models do to potential buyers? END
START what was the hardware manufactured by third parties for apple's system 6 known as? END
START what did the microsoft clones provide for consumers? END
START what did macintosh clones succeed in decreasing for macintosh? END
START who did the macintosh clones help financially? END
START when did apple begin shipping computers with cd-rw drives? END
START what did apple begin offering as standard features meant for playing dvd's? END
START who admitted that apple was late to the party with writable cd technology? END
START which apple campaign did some people feel encouraged media piracy? END
START what is the name of one of apple's unsuccessful products? END
START when did microsoft begin shipping computers with cd-rw drives? END
START what did microsoft begin offering as standard features meant for playing dvd's? END
START who admitted that microsoft was late to the party with writable cd technology? END
START which apple campaign did some people feel discouraged media piracy? END
START what is the name of one of apple's successful products? END
START what was the name of apple's first portable computer? END
START when was the macintosh portable first released? END
START what replaced the macintosh portable in 1991? END
START what was the 1993 powerbook 165c apple's first portable computer to feature? END
START which generation of powerbooks introduced trackpads? END
START what was the name of apple's last portable computer? END
START when was the macintosh portable last released? END
START what replaced the macintosh portable in 1992? END
START what was the 1992 powerbook 165c apple's first portable computer to feature? END
START which generation of powermacs introduced trackpads? END
START what was apple's mac os x based on? END
START who did apple make maverick free to? END
START what computers is maverick compatible with? END
START what brought better multi display support to mac? END
START when was mavericks introduced? END
START what was apple's mac os xx based on? END
START who did microsoft make maverick free to? END
START what computers is maverick incompatible with? END
START what brought better single display support to mac? END
START when was mavericks scrapped? END
START what desktop did apple release after the discontinued power macintosh g3? END
START why were sales of the power mac g4 cube slow? END
START what did the power mac g4 have trouble overcoming after they dropped their price and upgraded their hardware? END
START when was the power mac g4 discontinued? END
START how did the actual sales of the g4's compare to the sales expectations? END
START what desktop did apple release after the discontinued power macintosh g2? END
START why were sales of the power mac g5 cube slow? END
START what did the power mac g5 have trouble overcoming after they dropped their price and upgraded their hardware? END
START when was the power mac g5 discontinued? END
START how did the actual sales of the g5's compare to the sales expectations? END
START historically, what is near-absent in mac os x compared to microsoft windows? END
START when did mac os x experience a large increase in malware attacks? END
START how was mac's malware seen by many mac users in 2011? END
START what were apple support staff initially instructed not to assist with concerning malware? END
START how many users were affected by the increase in malware? END
START historically, what is near-absent in mac os xx compared to microsoft windows? END
START when did mac os x experience a large decrease in malware attacks? END
START how was mac's malware seen by many mac users in 2012? END
START what were microsoft support staff initially instructed not to assist with concerning malware? END
START how many users were affected by the decrease in malware? END
START what was the market share of os x in north america by march 2011? END
START being positioned as a higher end pc, what is it misleading to compare the mac to? END
START apple has remained profitable since what time? END
START according to market research, who does apple draw it's customer base from? END
START whose return to apple resulted in the company's reorganization? END
START what was the market share of os x in north america by march 2012? END
START being positioned as a lower end pc, what is it misleading to compare the mac to? END
START apple has remained unprofitable since what time? END
START according to market research, who does microsoft draw it's customer base from? END
START whose return to microsoft resulted in the company's reorganization? END
START who refused to lower the profit margins on mac computers in 1989? END
START what problem rocked the pc industry in 1989? END
START what did the component shortage of 1989 force allan loren to do with macs? END
START who was allan loren? END
START when was microsoft windows 3.0 released? END
START who refused to lower the profit margins on mac computers in 1998? END
START what problem rocked the pc industry in 1998? END
START what did the component shortage of 1998 force allan loren to do with macs? END
START who was eric loren? END
START when was microsoft windows 2.0 released?  may 1990 END
START what did apple begin to eliminate in 2002? END
START why was the new imac g4 considerably more expensive than the g3? END
START who did apple create the more affordable emac in april 2002 for? END
START what was the main problem with the emac's crt? END
START after apple's failed desktop sales, what products drove their sales growth? END
START what did apple begin to eliminate in 2012? END
START why was the new imac g4 considerably more expensive than the g5? END
START who did apple create the more affordable emac in april 2003 for? END
START what was the main problem with the imac's crt? END
START after microsoft's failed desktop sales, what products drove their sales growth? END
START in 2009, how many macs sold were laptops? END
START what has helped macs more directly compete with windows on price and performance? END
START in 2010, what did apple receive before other pc manufacturers? END
START what are the top-selling form factors of the mac platform today? END
START what is the name of the most inexpensive mac offered? END
START in 2008, how many macs sold were laptops? END
START what has helped macs more indirectly compete with windows on price and performance? END
START in 2012, what did apple receive before other pc manufacturers? END
START what are the low-selling form factors of the mac platform today? END
START what is the name of the most expensive mac offered? END
START what did apple consolidate in 1998? END
START what all-in-one product was created in 1998 through apple's consolidations? END
START what did the imac g3 do to the mac reputation? END
START when was mac's xserve server discontinued? END
START what took the place of mac's xserve server? END
START what did apple consolidate in 1989? END
START what all-in-one product was created in 1989 through apple's consolidations? END
START what did the imac g2 do to the mac reputation? END
START when was mac's xserve server continued? END
START what took the place of mac's iserve server? END
START why did raskin leave the apple team in 1981? END
START according to andy hertzfeld, whose idea is the final mac design closer to? END
START what did steve jobs offer xerox to visit and see their latest technology? END
START whose technology influenced the user interfaces of the lisa and macintosh? END
START what caused steve jobs to resign from apple in 1985? END
START why did raskin leave the apple team in 1918? END
START according to andy hertzfeld, whose idea is the first mac design closer to? END
START what didn't steve jobs offer xerox to visit and see their latest technology? END
START whose technology influenced the user interfaces of the lisa and microsoft? END
START what caused steve jobs to resign from apple in 1958? END
START what did jobs state that he expected macintosh to become? END
START how many applications were widely available during macintosh's introduction? END
START how many companies did apple promise were develping products for the new computer? END
START how many macintoshes had apple sold after one year? END
START how many databases did apple have available the first year? END
START what did gates state that he expected macintosh to become? END
START how many applications were widely unavailable during macintosh's introduction? END
START how many companies did microsoft promise were develping products for the new computer? END
START how many macintoshes had microsoft sold after one year? END
START how many databases did apple have available the last year? END
START whose technology did apple take advantage of when introducing the macintosh ii? END
START what powered the macintosh ii? END
START how much did the macintosh ii sell for? END
START what marked the start of a new direction for macintosh? END
START what was the macintosh ii's new modular design similar to? END
START whose technology did apple take advantage of when introducing the macintosh i? END
START what powered the macintosh i? END
START how much did the macintosh i sell for? END
START what marked the end of a new direction for macintosh END
START what was the macintosh i's new modular design similar to? END
START when microsfot windows 3.0 was released, what was it commonly said to not be as good as? END
START who was microsoft windows 3.0 commonly said to be good enough for? END
START what was responsible for the drop in apple's margins in 1989? END
START who made the decision in 1989 to cut prices on mac computers? END
START what was microsoft windows 3.0's performance comparable to? END
START when microsoft windows 4.0 was released, what was it commonly said to not be as good as? END
START who was microsoft windows 4.0 commonly said to be good enough for? END
START what was responsible for the drop in apple's margins in 1998? END
START who made the decision in 1998 to cut prices on mac computers? END
START what was microsoft windows 3.1's performance comparable to? END
START what did intel unsuccessfully try to push apple to migrate to? END
START which platform did apple choose to use? END
START who first rolled out pentium processors in 1993? END
START how far behind was macintosh set back compared to the new ibm compatibles? END
START when did apple abandon motorola cpu's? END
START what did intel successfully try to push apple to migrate to? END
START which platform did apple choose not to use? END
START who first rolled out pentium processors in 1992? END
START how far behind was microsoft set back compared to the new ibm compatibles? END
START when did apple abandon amd cpu's? END
START what color was apples new imac, which was introduced in 1998? END
START what did the imac replace most of apple's standard connections with? END
START what did the imac replace the floppy disk drive with? END
START what did the imac need to use in order to write cds or other media? END
START how many imac units sold in the first 139 days? END
START what color was apples new imac, which was introduced in 1999? END
START what did the imac replace most of microsoft's standard connections with? END
START what did the imac replace the hard disk drive with? END
START what did the imac need to use in order to read cds or other media? END
START how many imac units sold in the first 193 days? END
START when did apple discontinue the use of powerpc microprocessors? END
START who announced the capability to run windows xp on an intel-based mac in 2006? END
START how did hackers release their software for running windows on macs? END
START when did apple announce software that would allow windows xp to be run on intel-based macs? END
START what is the name of the software that apple introduced for running windows xp? END
START when did microsoft discontinue the use of powerpc microprocessors? END
START who announced the capability to run windows xp on an intel-based mac in 2007? END
START how did hackers release their software for running macos on macs? END
START when did apple announce software that would allow windows vista to be run on intel-based macs? END
START what is the name of the software that apple introduced for running windows 98? END
START who was initially reluctant to embrace mice with multiple buttons and scroll wheels? END
START what was the name of the 1st multiple button mouse introduced by apple? END
START how many buttons did the mighty mouse have? END
START what did apple introduce to take the place of a physical scroll wheel in 2009? END
START what apple mouse 1st used multi-touch gesture recognition? END
START who was initially reluctant to embrace keyboards with multiple buttons and scroll wheels? END
START what was the name of the last multiple button mouse introduced by apple? END
START how many trackballs did the mighty mouse have? END
START what did apple introduce to take the place of a physical scroll wheel in 2008? END
START what apple mouse 1st used single-touch gesture recognition? END
START what type of software began to emerge following the release of intel-based macs? END
START at what speed do programs such as virtualbox allow microsoft windows to run on macs? END
START what is possible to run by using boot camp, even though it is not condoned by apple? END
START what do macs lack that makes them unable to run many legacy pc operating systems? END
START what type of hardware began to emerge following the release of intel-based macs? END
START at what speed do programs such as virtualbox allow microsoft dos to run on macs? END
START what is possible to run by using boot camp, even though it is not condoned by microsoft? END
START what do macs lack that makes them able to run many legacy pc operating systems? END
START what do macs have that makes them unable to run many legacy pc operating systems? END
START what has been the best-selling ultra-portable over windows ultrabooks in the u.s.? END
START what earned the title as best all-around subnotebook/ultraportable? END
START what did the air receive before other pc manufacturers? END
START through 7/1/13, what percentage of all ultrabook sales in the u.s. were macbook airs? END
START when was the competetive pricing of macbooks especially effective? END
START what has been the best-selling ultra-portable over windows ultrabooks in the u.k.? END
START what earned the title as worst all-around subnotebook/ultraportable? END
START what did the air receive before other mac manufacturers? END
START through 7/1/14, what percentage of all ultrabook sales in the u.s. were macbook airs? END
START when was the competetive pricing of macbooks especially ineffective? END
START what is another term for anti-aircraft warfare? END
START nato defines anti-aircraft warfare as measures to reduce what? END
START barrage balloons are an example of what type of weapons system? END
START what is the primary effort been for most countries when it comes to anti-aircraft warfare? END
START what does nato ascribe naval air defence as? END
START what is the russian term for air defence? END
START how is the russian term for air defence abbreviated? END
START what are the aa systems called in russian? END
START what is air defence called in french? END
START what is the generic term for an airplane or rocket in french? END
START when were sensors initially developed? END
START radar was supplemented by what in the 1980s? END
START what country created an integrated system for adgb? END
START what did the integrated system for adgb link? END
START what agency stated that the arrangements were an air defence ground environment? END
START which country had the most severe case? END
START this separate service  was known as what in the soviet union? END
START what two systems did voyska pvo have? END
START what year did the pvo strany become independent? END
START what was the arm that was the air defence of the ground forces? END
START when did serbian troops notice enemy aircraft approaching kragujevac?  END
START how many bombs did the three aircraft drop on the city? END
START which private shot down one aircraft with a cannon? END
START what happened to the pilots that were in the aircraft shot down? END
START which war was the cannon used in prior to this event? END
START what was the problem with aa gunnery? END
START different things could affect what with the shell? END
START what was updated on the gunsight as a target moved? END
START where was the barrel pointed when the sights were on a target? END
START what two things figured the fuse length? END
START what showed that aircraft could be a significant contribution to the battlefield? END
START in addition to zeppelins, what attacked london for four years with air attacks? END
START the four year air attack was instrumental in britain forming what? END
START the future of aircraft in war situations was important because of the growth in what two areas? END
START where were most of the nations who had the strongest military after world war i? END
START how many different countries developed radar starting in the 1930s? END
START where was the observer corps based? END
START when was the observer corps formed? END
START what did the observer corps observe and report on? END
START what was originally used to see hostile aircraft approaching? END
START who wanted the british to keep using machine guns in world war i? END
START the military was not allowed to use anything that was bigger than what? END
START what was determined to be the smallest effective round in 1935? END
START what was lighter than the water-cooled pom-pom? END
START what is the kerrison predictor's official name? END
START what was under development in both the soviet union and britain in the 1930s? END
START why was britain mainly interested in solid fuel rockets? END
START what were rockets called at this time? END
START how big was the rocket that was introduced to handle dive bombing attacks? END
START what size rocket was being developed at the end of the war? END
START what did the british get a license to build? END
START while light, the bofors 40mm were powerful enough to take down what size aircraft? END
START what was produced to inspire people on the assembly line to work harder? END
START what was the movie made to inspire assembly line workers called? END
START who started making an unlicensed version of the 40mm at the beginning of the war? END
START what kind of aircraft is used to intercept and destroy other aircraft? END
START what particular aircraft did the interceptor target most? END
START when were interceptors like the f-102 delta dagger first built? END
START when were interceptors like the f-106 delta dart not being built anymore? END
START the interceptors were no longer built because of the shift of the bombing role to what? END
START what is another possible weapon for anti-aircraft use? END
START when did personnel first start thinking about using lasers in combat? END
START what laser can currently be used in the type of role that was first thought of in the late 1960s? END
START the use of lasers in anti-aircraft warfare is currently considered what? END
START when do some people believe that lasers can play a more prominent role in air defence? END
START what is the air defence of a certain area called? END
START armies as well as what group have operated area air defences? END
START what u.s. air forces operated area air defence? END
START what range do area defence systems have? END
START what was the objective of the mim-104 patriot missile batteries during the first gulf war? END
START which country probably coined the term air defence? END
START what does adgb stand for? END
START what year was the adgb created? END
START who is probably the one who coined the term archie for anti-aircraft guns? END
START what george robey line is believed to have started the archie nickname? END
START what is the first purpose of air defence? END
START what is the second purpose of air defence? END
START what is the critical issue in air defence? END
START projectiles must either be guided to the target or aimed where? END
START what two things must be considered in regards to the projectile and target? END
START what does nato define as passive measures to protect people, buildings and equipment from air or missile attacks? END
START which group is heavily responsible for passive air defence? END
START passive air defence includes camouflage and what? END
START what was camouflaged during world war ii? END
START some airfield runways were painted green during what war? END
START how many guns or missile launchers are typically in a battery? END
START in addition to guns or missile launchers, what else comprises the battery? END
START where do batteries typically get deployed? END
START which missile batteries often have individual launchers several kilometres from one another? END
START several dozen teams can deploy individually in small sections when what is handled by a specialist? END
START it was understood that ammunition needed to explode where? END
START in addition to high explosive, what else was used? END
START airburst fuses could be which two things? END
START what were hydrogen filled balloons called? END
START what was used as targets in training practices? END
START what was the primary method for haa fire? END
START along with predicting the gun data from tracking the target, what else needed to be known about the target to enable the aimed fire? END
START another assumption was that the target would maintain a steady course along with what other two factors? END
START targets could be how many feet for the haa to engage them? END
START what kind of fuses were needed? END
START what kind of guns did the united states end ww i with? END
START when were improvements developed for these guns? END
START when did work begin on the 105 mm static mounting aa gun? END
START only a few of the 105 mm static mounting aa guns were produced because work had started on which other gun? END
START what year was the m1 version approved? END
START which country's air defence and aircraft has been under integrated command and control? END
START what other group has also been under this integrated command and control? END
START who will deploy their own air defence if their is an air threat? END
START what can be deployed as an offensive measure to refuse airspace use to an opponent? END
START what did the united states army begin to develop after the first world war? END
START who designed this cannon? END
START how many rounds did this cannon fire per second? END
START what replaced the browning 37nn because of jamming issues? END
START what other us group was interested in the bofors? END
START high altitude needs in germany were going to be handled by what? END
START who also collaborated in the design of the 75 mm gun? END
START because higher performance was needed, krupp's workers designed what? END
START where was the first place the flak 36 was used? END
START what war was the flak first used in? END
START what was one of the most often seen weapons that was used both on land and sea? END
START what weapons system did american troops use but received minute attention? END
START how many of the m2hb guns were mounted together on the m45 quadmount weapons system? END
START this system was a direct answer to what? END
START the combat batteries of an army aaa battalion were often spread how far apart from each other? END
START what acted as a physical obstacle to anti-aircraft defence? END
START what were barrage balloons initially used as an obstacle to? END
START how was a barrage balloon tethered to the ground? END
START what did pilots have to do to avoid the barrage balloons? END
START what kind of success did barrage balloons have as far as bringing down aircraft? END
START what is an important number when it comes to guns engaging an aircraft? END
START what can be used to determine the maximum distance for an aa gun? END
START what is the term used to describe the height that a projectile would go to if it was fired vertically? END
START few aa guns are able to fire which way? END
START the missile started being used more often instead of what weapon? END
START small missiles were designed that could be mounted on what? END
START when did these missiles start to supplant gun-based spaag systems? END
START what are man-portable missiles better known as? END
START when were manpads introduced? END
START smaller weapons are able to be used because of their low cost as well as what other factor? END
START who designed the 40 mm autocannon? END
START when were the surface-to-air missile systems introduced? END
START where were surface-to-air missiles first developed? END
START how can land-based sams be deployed? END
START what kind of weapons can usually be found on smaller boats and ships? END
START these weapons can be deadly to aircraft that is low if it is linked to what? END
START what type of ships are particularly well defended? END
START carrier battle groups can launch what to intercept incoming threats? END
START what type of weapon can be used against hovering helicopters? END
START when an rpg is fired at a steep angle, who is in danger? END
START an rpg fired at a steep angle has what reflecting off the ground? END
START what did some militia members in somalia weld in the exhaust of the rpg tube to protect the shooter? END
START what were the somalian militia members firing rpgs at? END
START what term is used to describe the altitude for a gun to shoot shells against a target that is moving? END
START who adopted the use of the term, effective ceiling? END
START along with other factors, how long must a target be engaged to have effective ceiling? END
START what affected the effective ceiling for heavy aa guns? END
START what was the standard weapon until the 1950s? END
START after guns firing ballistic munitions lost their appeal, what weapon took their place? END
START which range did not use guided missiles? END
START damaged aircraft can be out of action for days or what? END
START what is the largest calibre ground-based air defence guns? END
START when did the british see the need to add anti-aircraft capability? END
START where did the new york times report say towers with guns should go? END
START what was built around naval installations? END
START who manned aa guns and searchlights? END
START who used motorised two-gun sections? END
START who provided part of the air defence of the british isles in wwi END
START who protected airfields in wwii? END
START the united states air force helped protect the uk during what 'war'? END
START what year was ground-based air defence taken from raf? END
START what was disbanded in 1955? END
START what helped with better fuse setting? END
START what was the first model of hrf (height range finder) used by the british? END
START the hrf measured target distance and what else? END
START what was the hrf used with to set fuses? END
START the fuse length could be set using height reported by whom? END
START what kind of guns started attracting attention? END
START in addition to ammo proposals, what other need was articulated? END
START the impact and time types of what were analyzed? END
START as of 1910, who had published info available for gun designs? END
START what gun made the scene in 1910? END
START what two guns were propped up against a hillside to get the muzzles pointed up? END
START what anti-aircraft gun did the british army begin to use? END
START what gun size was relined to take 13-pounder shells? END
START what was difficult to get set right on the new guns? END
START where did most rounds shot at aircraft usually explode? END
START what treaty was supposed to stop germany from having antiaircraft weapons? END
START when did covert antiaircraft training start in germany? END
START when did the 10.5 centimeter flak 38 appear in germany? END
START when did the design begin for the 12.8 centimeter flak? END
START what did the flak 39 have? END
START what did the tachymetric devices do? END
START which system had electrical tracking? END
START what gun was the french brocq system used with? END
START which system used a pair of trackers? END
START deflection settings were also called what? END
START poland and other european countries could not defend against what? END
START what battle marked the beginning of significant antiaircraft warfare? END
START what was under command of the air defence uk orgnisation? END
START the air defence uk grew to have how many antiaircraft corps? END
START what was formed in 1941 to protect airfields? END
START when was the successful test of the 3.6-inch haa gun? END
START when did the 3.7-inch haa gun become preferred? END
START what gun did the royal navy start using? END
START how long of a running time did the number 199 fuse have? END
START what was introduced in 1939? END
START what was shown to be practically not possible during service trials? END
START target area is relatively large at what range? END
START how was target lead watched at short range? END
START at long range what, in theory, could be used to set ranging calculations? END
START what small errors caused large errors in shell fall height and the time until exploding? END
START in the 1920s, which company developed the automatic 20 mm? END
START which switzerland company obtained the patent for an automatic 20 mm gun during the first world war? END
START which company redesigned the rapid fire 2 cm flak 30? END
START what did germany add to the 20 mm to make it more effective? END
START when was the first 3.7 cm flak 18 introduced? END
START what were the large blockhouses called that the germans developed? END
START another name for the high bunkers was what? END
START what was placed on the blockhouses by the germans? END
START what city had some of the last buildings to fall in 1945? END
START what structure did the british build in the north sea? END
START which military set up a large air defence network surrounding its larger cities? END
START what us system was created in the 1950s that included radar and computers? END
START the skysweeper replaced the small guns that the army was using, including which one? END
START what does nadge stand for? END
START what did nadge become? END
START what was the name of the mechanical computer that used automation? END
START what did the predictor calculate after it was pointed at a target? END
START how did the predictor display the information needed? END
START what two things did the operators of the gun have to do? END
START what other country designed similar systems to the predictor? END
START what did the muzzle flashes of the firearms used by the infantry reveal? END
START along with speed of the modern jet, what else limits target opportunities? END
START heavier artillery systems were typically used for what? END
START rocket research began prior to which war in some countries? END
START what unguided missile systems was fitted to warships? END
START when did the bethnal green disaster occur? END
START what was the us military's counterpart to the british stooge to counter the attacks by kamikazes? END
START which country's research was ahead of all other countries for missiles? END
START which weapon caused a major shift in anti-aircraft strategy? END
START which company wanted to introduce missile systems during the second world war but was not successful? END
START what missile did the united states upgrade their defences with? END
START the introduction of the nike ajax missile caused what to disappear? END
START the introduction of what caused the larger anti-aircraft guns to disappear in the ussr? END
START where can the future of projectile based weapons possibly be found? END
START testing is being done on weapons to create as much damage as what missile at a much lower cost? END
START when did the united states navy test a railgun? END
START how fast was the shell that the navy fired from the railgun? END
START when is the railgun expected to be ready? END
START what are two types of fuses used for shells? END
START at shorter ranges a light weapon with what is used on fast targets? END
START what size of weapon calibers are better hitting at short range fast targets? END
START smaller .50 caliber and 8 millimeter guns have been used in what? END
START air defence in such places as a carrier group are built around what? END
START what protects the outer layer? END
START the next layer's surface-to-air missiles are carried by what? END
START what is the range in nautical miles of the rim-67 standard? END
START what is the rate of fire for a radar-controlled gatling gun of 20 and 30 millimeter? END
START what is likely to entirely replace gun systems? END
START what is being lead to specialty roles? END
START what gun is used in the dutch goalkeeper ciws? END
START what rim weapon permits mid-flight course adjustments? END
START what weapon's system uses guns and missiles? END
START contemporary air defence systems are usually what? END
START what are larger weapon systems usually mounted on? END
START radars, command posts and other such things are usually mounted on what? END
START a mobile weapons system is likely to pop up where? END
START what systems are really geared toward mobility? END
START what military forces usually integrate air defnce as a separate arm or part of artillery? END
START air defence in the us army is part of what arm? END
START air defence in pakistan was separated from the army in what year? END
START what type of countries have set branches for territorial air defence? END
START who had a separate military force for controlling nuclear icbms? END
START what do armies tend to have in depth? END
START angara and patriot are two examples of what type of system? END
START stinger and igla are two examples of what type of system? END
START what does spaag stand for? END
START what kind of platform are roland and sa-8 gecko? END
START in agreement with nato members, the us air force and which country has created tactics for air defence suppression? END
START the goal of what is to suppress opposing air defence systems? END
START as better weapons are created, what systems continue to improve as well to counter them? END
START what does aaad stand for? END
START what does gbad stand for? END
START what does shorad stand for? END
START what does manpads stand for? END
START what does sagw stand for? END
START what was one of the quickest areas to evolve in military technology in the 20th century? END
START the evolution of air defence was in answer to the evolution of what? END
START in addition to radar and computing, what else did air defence want to exploit? END
START in addition to sensors and technical fire control, and weapons, what else did air defence evolution cover? END
START how are batteries typically grouped? END
START what type of battalion is normally tasked to a manoeuvre division in the field army? END
START which military section could have a full military structure? END
START who commanded the uk's anti-aircraft command? END
START how many corps was the uk's anti-aircraft command? END
START air attacks headed by  germany increased in 1915 in what area? END
START who was tasked with the job to make improvements to the aa as a result of the german attacks? END
START what was used because of night attacks? END
START how many aa sections were defending britain by december 1916? END
START how many aa sections were with the bef in france during the same time? END
START what was many times unpopular with other troops? END
START what was mounted on poles by forces? END
START what type of weapon is thought to have shot down the red baron? END
START what made acquiring targets and aiming more required? END
START heavy weapons shot at high-altitude targets and what shot at low-altitude targets? END
START what year did the british adopt the new vickers instrument? END
START what was the vickers device adopted by the british named? END
START what was the designation name of the sperry device in the us? END
START what did the british designate the sperry device as? END
START what replaced the ub 2? END
START when year did the dambusters raid happen? END
START what did the new system designed after the dambusters raid supposed to do? END
START what replaced the 50 millimeter gun that was not accurate? END
START what type of control system did the 55 millimeter gun use? END
START what was used to aim the guns after electrical commands were sent? END
START what was also utilized to control ground targets? END
START along with the 88, what other aaa battalion gun made a good anti-tank weapon? END
START what did the americans use at the beginning of the war? END
START what was the altitude range in feet of the stratosphere gun? END
START what decade were the 90 and 120 millimeter guns used until? END
START what did advanced ally technology showcase it could defend against? END
START where did the us army's 419th and 601st locate at to defend london? END
START where did the us army 419th and 601st relocate to as part of the antwerp x project? END
START what city got attacked by more v-1 and v-2 missiles than any other? END
START what acquired and automatically tracked incoming targets? END
START in what war did the armed forces from argentina use the sam roland? END
START what two units used the rapier missile system? END
START what older system did the british naval use? END
START what new short range systems did the british naval use? END
START what was used in aa mountings on both land and water? END
START what can be deployed in fixed launchers but re-deploy at will? END
START what are the sams called that are launched by individuals in the us? END
START what does manpads mean? END
START how are targets aquired for non-manpad sams? END
START short range missiles are replacing what weapons? END
START what continues to grow along with stealth technology? END
START what can detect stealth aircraft? END
START what can see stealth aircraft even with rcs? END
START what is the most notable sam that can detect a stealth target? END
START how far away can the s-400 detect a target? END
START sanskrit is the primary sacred language of which religion? END
START how many scheduled languages are there in present-day india? END
START which indian state has sanskrit as its official language? END
START sanskrit is used as a pkilsosophical language in hinduism, buddhism, jainism and which other religion? END
START sanskrit is a standardized dialect of which language? END
START what language is the sacred language of hinduism? END
START besides its uses as language of religions, for what other application can sanskrit be used? END
START where is sanskrit usually found? END
START from what is sanskrit an adaption? END
START from what language did sanskrit originate? END
START what literary philosophical language was used in greater india? END
START what is concidered a sacred language in buddhism? END
START how many lanuages are spoken in india? END
START which indian state does not formally reckognize sanskirt? END
START what indo[european language only has a small amount of written documentation? END
START what is the primary sacred language of buddhism? END
START what is a philosophical language in islam? END
START where was sanskrit a classical language? END
START what is listed as one of the 25 languages of india? END
START where does the study of sanskrit hold a less than prominent position? END
START in what year was the daily newspaper sudharma first published? END
START where are sanskrit vartman patram and vishwasya vrittantam published? END
START in what year did daily news broadcasts in sankrit begin on state-run all india radio? END
START approximately how many weeklies, fortnightlies and quarterlies published in sanskrit? END
START what is the broadcast time for sanskrit news on the dd national channel? END
START what is the publication, sudharma? END
START what language are many periodicals published in in india? END
START where is the newspaper sudharma published? END
START since what year has there been a daily broadcast on all india radio? END
START where can the sanskrit broadcasts be found online? END
START how many weeklies are published in sanskrit? END
START what news paper was first published in 1974? END
START what first appeared in sanskrit on all india radio in 1970? END
START what publications have been published out of myrosa since 1970? END
START what has been published out of mumbai india since 1970? END
START which publication in gujarat started more than five years ago? END
START what year did weekly broadcasts start on all india radio? END
START what broadcast is only found on the internet? END
START what channel can the sanskrit news be found on a 9:55 am ist? END
START in ancient india, which vernacular languages existed alongside sanskrit? END
START the works of which two scholars were used to teach sanskrit to the higher castes of india? END
START the use of sanskrit was considered to be a marker of what in ancient india? END
START what type of language were prakrits? END
START which sanskrit linguist describes sanskrit as a "particularly refined or perfected manner of speaking?" END
START what style of speech did linguist madhav deshpande say sanskrit started out as? END
START of what was sanskrit once thought to be a divider? END
START how was sanskrit originally used? END
START where was sanskrit a learned language of the high classes? END
START with what did sanskrit exist beside? END
START who said that sanskrit was a specific language set apart? END
START in what country did the lower class study sanskrit? END
START what language exists alongside sanskrit in modern india? END
START what two scholars were instrumental in teaching sanskrit to the lower class?  END
START what vernacular language was used only by the upper social class in india? END
START what types of script was used to write sanskrit in the northwest part of indai? END
START around what time did the gupta script become prevalent for writing sanskrit? END
START which script evolved from the gupta script in the 8th century? END
START which script replaced the gupta script? END
START in what time period did the devangari script become prevalent? END
START what were used to write sanskrit? END
START what script was used in the northwest of india? END
START between the forth and eighth century, what script evolved? END
START from what was gupta derived? END
START what script evolved from the gupta script? END
START what script was used in the northeast? END
START in what centuries were the brahmic scripts used? END
START what was the brahmi script derived from? END
START what script was the devanagari script replace with in the 12th century? END
START what alphabet was mainly used in west india? END
START tagalog is what kind of language? END
START from what language is a large proportion of tagalog derived? END
START what is an example of a sanskrit loanword used in southeast asian languages? END
START what is the meaning of the sanskrit loanword "bhāṣā?" END
START what is an example of a traditional language that derives much of its vocabulary from sanskrit? END
START where were many sanskrit words found? END
START in what older from of which language were more than half the words borrowed from sanskrit? END
START what sanskrit borrowed word is found in many asian languages? END
START what is the meaning of bhasa? END
START where does traditional malay get many of its loanwords? END
START in what languages are tagalog loan words found? END
START which language from indonesia is not derived from sanskrit? END
START what languages from the austronesian languages is not derived from arabic? END
START what language loan words does arabic use? END
START what language is spanish derived from? END
START what are two examples of epic poetry written in sanskrit? END
START what are prakritisms? END
START which sanskrit literary language has been influenced by the middle indo-aryan languages? END
START how long was sanskrit a language of culture? END
START where is a post-vedic form of sanskrit found? END
START what epic poems are written in post-vedic sanskrit? END
START of what are deviations in the epics thought to be the influence? END
START what is found to a lesser extent in classical sanskrit? END
START what language influenced a large part of eurasia for nearly 2000 years? END
START what form of sanskrit is found in asian peotry? END
START what is considered proof that pre-panini was used in epics? END
START what type of sanskrit influenced middle aindo-aryan languages? END
START what did classic sanskrit assimilate to? END
START where did sanskrit exert influence for less than 1000 years? END
START sanskrit was not influential in which part of asia? END
START in what poetry will you find early vedic sanskrit? END
START who caused deviations from panini due to their lack of interference? END
START what classical language is influenced by the middle indo-aryan languages? END
START when was the time of panini? END
START what type of text is the samaveda? END
START what was sanskrit used for? END
START how was sanskrit viewed to be in relation to maintaining class? END
START to what did the use of sanskrit as a upper class language produce a resistance ? END
START when was the samaveda witten? END
START what language was used for philisophical purposes? END
START what allowed sanskrit to change linguistically? END
START how many linguistic developments are there of riveda from vedic? END
START what century can the development of the early vedic language be traced to? END
START what factors supported the process of linguistic change? END
START which early sutras did not follow the five-level linguistic development? END
START what did upper class conservatives advocate in the use of language?  END
START what levels of linguistic development did sanskrit bypass? END
START who has said the sanskrit is dead? END
START according to pollock, how is sanskrit solely used? END
START what is sanskrit not  able to express? END
START how is sanskrit limited in it function towards ideas? END
START to what is sanskrit restricted? END
START what did andrew pollock say of sanskrit? END
START what 18th century commentary did caturdhara's speak about? END
START sanskrit is not often used in what forms of creative uses? END
START where is sanskrit no longer used? END
START in what way has sanskrit adapted in the modern age? END
START to what has the central board of education of india relegated sanskrit?  END
START where has the education board ranked sanskrit as a language option? END
START what grades in indian schools have an option for sanskrit study? END
START in what language states is sanskrit considered an option? END
START in what other type of schools is sanskrit also taught? END
START what board refused to see sanskrit as an alternative option? END
START what is the only india board of education? END
START what language is the state official language of india? END
START in which grades is learning sanskrit required? END
START traditional gurukulas no longer teach what language? END
START what english school offers sanskrit as a language study? END
START since what date has sanskrit been offered as a language option in the u.s.? END
START what is the credit towards in study in the u.s.? END
START who coordinates the study program of samskritam as a foreign language? END
START what school in australia offers sanskrit as a study? END
START what does st. johns junior school in london offer? END
START where have high school students been allowed to receive credits toward a foreign language since 2006? END
START what school years in australia are students required to study sanskrit? END
START who coordinated sanskrit as a foreign language? END
START what does a student get at the sydney private middle school for studying sanskrit? END
START under what type of tradition did sanskrit begin? END
START after what language evolved was writing introduced? END
START what feature of written text influenced the use of scripts? END
START what does sanskrit not have of its own? END
START which writing systems have been used to write sanskrit? END
START what originated in a progressive society? END
START what written tradition was maintained in early literature? END
START what did prakrits evolve into? END
START what influenced the original scripts of the scribes? END
START what was used in very few writing systems in south asia? END
START from what time has the latin alphabet been used to transcribe sanskrit? END
START what transliteration system is most common today? END
START how long has iast been the standard system used for transliteration of sanskrit? END
START what is used in transliteration for computer systems?  END
START what transliteration scheme is often used on the internet? END
START what greek alphabet has been transliterated since the 18th century? END
START what system was commonly used in the 18th century to transliterate sanskrit? END
START what academic standard had been used before 1888? END
START what software can only be used on unicode-aware web browsers? END
START what system of transliteration is not commonly used on the internet or e-mail? END
START what in the use of sanskrit has influenced sino-tibetan languages? END
START who sent missionaries to china? END
START what religion was spread to china through sanskrit translations? END
START what were transliterated and added to the chinese language? END
START where do many sanskrit texts survive? END
START what have sino-tibetan languages influenced? END
START what languages have been influenced through the spread of hindi texts?  END
START what missionaries spread islam to china? END
START who sent mahayana missionaries to india? END
START what sanskrit texts survive in egyptian collections? END
START what language has influenced the languages of india? END
START of what is hindi considered to be in relation to sanskrit? END
START from what dialect is hindi descended? END
START what is the percentage of sanskrit words thought to be in modern indo-aryan languages? END
START what language texts  are as much as 70% sanskrit? END
START what did the languages of india greatly influence? END
START what is the khariboli dialect a sanskritised register of? END
START where has sanskrit borrowed words from? END
START what percent of vocabulary comes from languages of india? END
START what place are literary texts rarely considered lexically sanskrit? END
START from when are the earliest dated sanskrit inscriptions? END
START in what script are the earliest sanskrit inscriptions? END
START in what language was brahmi first used? END
START what language is the descendant of sanskrit? END
START how were early sacred texts offered? END
START when were the latest inscriptions in sanskrit known to exist?  END
START when was the earliest vedic script known to exist?  END
START what written language is known to occur centuries later than sanskrit? END
START where are there prakrit inscriptions dating from the third century? END
START what king's pillar is the most recent brahmi inscription found on? END
START what is the sanskrit grammatical tradition? END
START in what period did vyakarana begin? END
START how many sutras are in the astadhyayi? END
START who composed vartikas on the panini sutras? END
START what is the abbreviated alphabet called?  END
START what was composed about a century before panini? END
START who lived three centuries before panini? END
START what did panini write? END
START what is based on 12 shiva sutras? END
START what is pratyahara a partial abbreviation of? END
START according to panini, from where did sanskrit evolve? END
START to what time can the present form of sanskrit be traced? END
START as what are classical and vedic sanskrit often viewed? END
START what is vedic sanskrit meant to be used as? END
START what hymns are thought to be the earliest? END
START what is described as vedic and evolved outof earlier panini? END
START what can be traced back to the second century a.d END
START what are often considered the same dialects? END
START what two dialects are vastly different? END
START what is the begining of the vedic period marked by? END
START what can be traced back to the first millennium? END
START what is another name for vedic sanskrit? END
START what are considered to be some of the later hymns by modern linguists? END
START what was composed by only one author? END
START what marked the beginning of vedic period? END
START when is it thought that early speakers of sanskrit came to india? END
START what is the relationship between indo-iranian and baltic languages? END
START from what direction did sanskrit travel to come to india? END
START sanskrit came from the north west and traveled to what present day countries? END
START what is the theory called dealing with the transfer of sanskrit to india? END
START what does the ino-european migration theory explain? END
START when did the original speakers of sanskrit migrate to the north-west? END
START what arrived in the batic region during the second millenium bce? END
START what does indo-aryan migration disprove? END
START what theory explains the different features of sanskrit and other indo-european languages? END
START to where did early speakers from the north-east bring sanskrit? END
START who arrived in india during the first millennium bce? END
START which languages share nothing in common with each other?  END
START little evidence exists to support which theory? END
START what form of speech shows that sanskrit and prakrits existed together? END
START what type of speakers spoke sanskrit? END
START for what did brahmins use sanskrit? END
START until what period was high sanskrit used? END
START how large of a group in society use sanskrit? END
START what kind of dramas used exclusively the sanskrit language? END
START what language was spoken by the less educated? END
START what trait in the enlightened era did most sanskrit speakers pocess? END
START who used sanskrit for common communication? END
START in what single location was sanskrit centralized and maintained?  END
START what organization is trying to revive sanskrit? END
START what kind of competitions does the all-india sanskrit festival have? END
START how many speakers of sanskrit were there by the 1991 census? END
START where in india is sanskrit still spoken by the population? END
START who originally gave mattur village to sanskrit scholars? END
START what organization is working to get rid of the use of the sanskrit language? END
START how many fluent sanskrit speakers were reported in 2002? END
START what village claims that it no longer has native sanskrit speakers? END
START which local population refuses to use sanskrit as a language? END
START which village did vedic scholars give to king krishnadevaraya? END
START when was sanskrit and indian culture popular? END
START in what century was indian culture accorded a more hostile reception? END
START how did the british academics show their feelings about sanskrit? END
START what did british of the 19th century want india to be as soon as possible? END
START besides assimilation of british culture, what else did the british consider indians to be? END
START what did sir william jones create enthusiasm about in the 17th century? END
START  what was there a hostility towards in 19th century india? END
START who held fast to the teaching of sanskrit in britain? END
START in what ways did britain believe that india and britain needed to be separated?  END
START what did trautmann believe was the cause of india believing that there culture was superior? END
START who wrote an opera in sanskrit? END
START on what was the philip glass opera based? END
START which well known performer has used sanskrit chants in her music? END
START which composer featured sanskrit music in his movies? END
START what is the source of the theme song of battlestar galactica? END
START what is the opera created by steven glass that uses sanskrit? END
START who wrote the bhagavad gita? END
START what modern singer sang chants from satyagraha? END
START where did the gayatri mantra taken from rigveda come from? END
START what song sung by enigma is a vinyasa yoga chant? END
START what country is valencia in? END
START what is the population of valencia's urban area? END
START where does valencia rank among spain's largest cities? END
START what body of water is valencia located on? END
START what is the city of valencia the capital of? END
START what is the main type of employment in valencia? END
START what percentage of valencia's workers are employed in industry? END
START what percentage of valencia's workers are employed in the agricultural sector? END
START how much of valencia's land is used for agriculture? END
START what are valencia's agricultural areas mainly planted with? END
START what airport is closest to valencia? END
START what airport is south of valencia? END
START what is the main train station in valencia? END
START what group runs valencia's public transit? END
START what station in valencia was built for high-speed trains? END
START what promenade was built north of valencia's port? END
START how long is the paseo maritimo? END
START what valencian landmark contains a conservation library? END
START when did valencia's rapid development begin? END
START what is an example of a section of valencia that was majorly renovated? END
START how long did the english occupy valencia? END
START at what battle were the bourbons victorious? END
START who ordered valencia punished for supporting charles? END
START what abolished valencia's ancient charters? END
START who resigned in protest against philip? END
START in what year did christian troops lose control of valencia? END
START who called himself the emperor of all spain? END
START who wrote poetry about valencia's capture by the almoravids? END
START when did the almohads gain control of the peninsula? END
START who prevented the almohads from entering valencia? END
START when was the valencian golden age? END
START of what area was valencia the largest city? END
START what building attracted merchants from other countries to valencia? END
START who borrowed money from valencian bankers in 1492? END
START what was valencia's leading industry? END
START who suppressed agermanats' uprising? END
START when did a similar revolt occur in castile? END
START what group in castile was similar to the agermanats? END
START up to how many executions took place after the agermanats' revolt? END
START whom did the comuneros rebel against? END
START what were valencia's main food exports in the early 20th century? END
START when was an exhibition held that showed agricultural and industrial progress? END
START what architectural style was particularly successful? END
START what station was built in the art nouveau style? END
START what markets were built in the art nouveau style? END
START what is valencia's average yearly temperature? END
START which month is the hottest in valencia? END
START which month is the chilliest in valencia? END
START in northern europe, which months have temperatures similar to valencia's in january? END
START what is the average maximum daytime temperature in august in valencia? END
START when was the age of enlightenment? END
START who in valencia was influenced by the age of enlightenment's ideas? END
START when was the economic society of friends created? END
START what was manufactured that helped the valencian economy improve? END
START who reigned during the most affluent period of bourbon rule? END
START whose regime prohibited political parties? END
START according to official figures, how many died in the flood of 1957? END
START what river flooded in 1957? END
START what park is located in the previous river bed? END
START what suggested use for the river bed was rejected? END
START what percentage of spanish exports does valencia's port handle? END
START valencia has the largest port on which coast? END
START where does valencia's port rank among spanish ports in terms of total traffic? END
START what type of fruit is exported from valencia? END
START who helped repress the supporters of the constitution and was later executed for it? END
START when was elio killed? END
START how was elio executed? END
START what are the years from 1823-1833 called? END
START who was the last person killed by the inquisition? END
START what is the name of the cup that some catholics think is the grail? END
START which pope used the santo caliz for mass in valencia? END
START what century is the santo caliz from? END
START when was the santo caliz used for mass in valencia? END
START according to legend, who took the santo caliz to rome? END
START in what year did the cantonalist uprising occur? END
START who was sent to stop valencia's uprising? END
START who became king in 1874? END
START when did alfonso xxii reach valencia? END
START who was the republican leader after the granting of male suffrage? END
START who designed the city of arts and sciences? END
START where is the bridge named for calatrava located? END
START what type of architecture does the music palace have? END
START which of calatrava's creations contains an imax theater? END
START how many official languages does valencia have? END
START what is very similar to valencian and is considered another variety of the same language? END
START what language is official in valencia besides valencian? END
START how many schools offer education completely in valencian? END
START when did valencian regain its offical status? END
START during what period has valencia had a cultural surge? END
START which structural engineer's work has helped valencia's reputation? END
START which architect other than calatrava has helped valencia's reputation? END
START what part of valencia is undergoing improvements? END
START what church holds some of spain's greatest frescoes? END
START who decorated the saints john's dome? END
START who destroyed the jesuit college? END
START what was once headquartered in the former dominican convent? END
START what was once a college for nobles and is now a place of secondary education? END
START when did the byzantines invade the iberian peninsula? END
START when were the byzantines expelled? END
START what archdiocese was valencia under during the time of the visigoths? END
START who took power in valencia after the roman administration was gone? END
START after the byzantines left, who was stationed in valencia? END
START when was the dome built? END
START who started the construction of the main chapel? END
START when was the main entrance constructed? END
START in what style is the door of the apostles? END
START who painted the pictures that are in the san francesco chapel? END
START what ruler attacked valencia in 1238? END
START when did valencia surrender? END
START who was expelled from valencia after james i's victory? END
START what were valencia's new charters called? END
START what group did the crusaders who attacked valencia belong to? END
START which america's cup competitions did valencia host? END
START what equestrian event has valencia hosted? END
START what tennis event has valencia hosted? END
START when was the water tribunal declared a cultural heritage of humanity? END
START what valencian festivals were declared celebrations of international touristic interest? END
START who commanded that valencia be destroyed? END
START what did abdullah have built outside valencia? END
START what was valencia named during the time of abdullah? END
START when did valencia surrender to the moors? END
START what feature of valencia used to be a minaret? END
START when were the serranos towers constructed? END
START what influential novel did joanot martorell write? END
START who was an early poet to use valencian? END
START when was the university of valencia founded? END
START what was the university of valencia's original name? END
START what war took place from 1702-1709? END
START with whom did valencia side in the war of spanish succession? END
START when did english cavalry enter valencia? END
START who led the english cavalry into valencia? END
START what did mordaunt capture on his way from barcelona? END
START who attacked valencia with french soldiers but failed to capture it? END
START when did valencia surrender to the french? END
START who led the successful attack against valencia? END
START what forced suchet to leave valencia? END
START what city did jose i make spain's capital? END
START what people group was descended from muslim converts to christianity? END
START when were the jews expelled? END
START where did the moriscos go when they were forced out of spain? END
START what proportion of the valencia area's population were the moriscos? END
START when was the taula de canvi bankrupted? END
START who had suppressed the valencian language? END
START what group still exists and promotes valencian culture? END
START who founded lo rat penat? END
START what poet was an early influence on the valencian renaissance? END
START who got rich from the valencian orange crop and vineyards? END
START who was spain's 18th prime minister? END
START when did espartero rule? END
START what type of government did espartero have? END
START who ended up getting most of valencia's church property? END
START whose troops threatened reprisals in valencia? END
START how many people died when the valencia metro derailed? END
START when did the valencia metro derail? END
START who said the valencia derailment was fortuitous? END
START on which valencia metro line did the derailment occur? END
START how many people were gravely injured by the derailment? END
START what was valencia's population in 2000? END
START where did valencia rank in economic development among spanish cities in the 1900s? END
START where did valencia rank in size among spanish cities in the 1900s? END
START when was the gare du nord station finished? END
START when was the valencian regional exhibition held? END
START who was prime minister in 1936? END
START what building did the government move to in 1936? END
START how many bomb shelters were built? END
START when did the italian navy first attack valencia? END
START where did the government relocate to in 1937? END
START what tv program questioned the official account of the crash? END
START what happened at the same time as the crash, which may have contributed to the government downplaying it? END
START what evidence related to the crash remains missing? END
START which paper published an article that raised questions about the handling of the investigation? END
START when did el mundo's article with information about the crash investigation come out? END
START who was the hospital's patroness? END
START what was the confraternity called after its separation from the hospital? END
START who placed the chapel's cornerstone? END
START what was the archiepiscopal palace during the moorish period? END
START who insisted on building the new chapel? END
START when did valencia c.f. win the uefa cup? END
START how many times did valencia c.f. win the spanish league? END
START what is levante ud's stadium? END
START in which division does huracan valencia play? END
START where does huracan valencia play? END
START when was valencia's founding? END
START on what river is valencia located? END
START how big is valencia's historic centre? END
START what valencian museum contains pieces by velazquez and other famous artists? END
START what valencian museum has a photography collection? END
START how far from valencia is the albufera? END
START in what park is the albufera located? END
START how far from the sea was valencia when it was founded? END
START who founded valencia? END
START from what entity was the albufera bought? END
START how many inhabitants live within valencia's limits? END
START how much did valencia's foreign population rise from 2007 to 2008? END
START where does valencia's population rank among eu municipalities? END
START how much land is within valencia's limits? END
START from which countries does the biggest rise in valencia's foreign population come? END
START who was the ruler of valencia in 138 bc? END
START how many romans lived in valencia in 138 bc? END
START what road crossed valencia's island in roman times? END
START what is now located at the former centre of valencia? END
START in roman times, what two roads met at valencia's centre? END
START what was el cid's real name? END
START when did el cid die? END
START who took el cid's position after his death? END
START when did el cid rule? END
START who was the ruler when the new city wall was constructed? END
START when did valencia suffer from the black death? END
START which three religious groups lived in valencia? END
START the muslims lived near what current market? END
START when was the jewish section attacked? END
START when was the muslim section attacked? END
START whose government did the guilds rebel against? END
START when did the guilds' rebellion take place? END
START what caused the nobility to leave valencia? END
START from where did the anti-monarchists get inspiration? END
START what were the artisan guilds called? END
START what type of people often held valencia's offices? END
START from where were valencia's officials chosen? END
START what convent was close to the area where troops lived? END
START until when was the lonja used to quarter troops? END
START where did ferdinand go rather than madrid? END
START how long did absolutist rule last? END
START when was the trieno liberal? END
START when was the constitution abolished? END
START who offered troops to the king? END
START when were plans for city expansion drawn? END
START what was finished in 1850? END
START when did valencia get electricity? END
START what was knocked down in 1866? END
START what was valencia's population in 1860? END
START when democracy began in spain, what did the kingdom of valencia become? END
START who led a coup in valencia? END
START whose message convinced much of the military to stay loyal? END
START when did milans del bosch surrender? END
START what law made valencia the capital of its region? END
START where is valencia's city hall located? END
START what is on the eastern side of valencia's largest plaza? END
START what shape is the plaza del ayuntamiento? END
START what is in the north part of the plaza? END
START when are firewords heard every day? END
START what was the valencia cathedral called from 1866? END
START what pagan deity may have had a temple where the valencia cathedral is now? END
START how tall is the cathedral's tower? END
START what is the tower called? END
START what was the cathedral's name from early in the reconquista?  END
START who won the last race of the european grand prix in 2012? END
START what motorcycle event is held in valencia? END
START in which years was the european formula one grand prix in valencia? END
START what is another name for the circuit recardo tormo? END
START during which decade did ge start manufacuring computers? END
START what was the name of ge's major appliance manufacturing plant? END
START in what year did ge sell its computer division to honeywell? END
START what division of ge provides computer timesharing services? END
START what was the name of first business in the world to own a computer? END
START what year saw the release of genie? END
START in what year did ge's "appliance park" begin hosting computers? END
START in what decade did honeywell first enter the computer manufacturing industry? END
START who managed the second non-governmental computer hosting site? END
START what was the second business to own a computer after ge? END
START what was the name of the lamp manufacturer in east newark which thomas edison an interest in? END
START where was edison machine works located? END
START who provided financial backing for the edison lighting company? END
START in what year did drexel, morgan & co. begin to finance edison's research and form edison general electric company? END
START what was the name of the company that held the patents from edison's research? END
START in what year was thomas edison born? END
START in what city was bergmann & company headquartered? END
START in what city was drexel, morgan & co based? END
START in what year did j.p. morgan first meet thomas edison? END
START in what city was edison electric light company incorporated? END
START what is the business source of the majority of ge's revenues? END
START in what other country besides the us does ge provide lending services? END
START how much of ge's revenues is derived from the financial services it provides? END
START besides itt corporation, which two companies tried to emulate ge, but failed by the mid-1980's? END
START in what decade was ge founded? END
START in what country was tenneco headquartered? END
START in what decade did itt corporation get founded? END
START in what decade was westinghouse established? END
START in what nation was ling-temco-vought established? END
START who composed ge's slogan "imagination at work?"? END
START what was ge's slogan prior to "imagination at work?" END
START in what year was the slogan "we bring good things to life" first used? END
START which company designed the standard format for ge's marketing literature and website? END
START what is the name of the typeface family created for ge in 2014? END
START in what year did ge start using the slogan, "imagination at work"? END
START what was the first typeface family use by ge? END
START who composed the slogan, "we bring good things to life"? END
START what was the typeface used for, "we bring good things to life"? END
START who created the ge inspira font? END
START based on year 2000 data, where is ge ranked among the largest corporate producers of air pollution in the us? END
START how many tons of toxic chemicals does ge release into the atmosphere each year? END
START according to which government agency is ge a leading producer of superfund toxic waste sites? END
START which two commercial businesses produce more superfund toxic waste sites than ge? END
START which organization identified ge as the fourth largest corporate producer of air pollution in the us? END
START how much air pollution is spewed out by all of the superfund toxic waste sites each year? END
START how much air pollution in chevron corporation responsible for each year? END
START who is the largest corporate producer of air pollution each year? END
START who did the political economy research institute list as the third-largest producer of air pollution? END
START how much air pollution did ge create in 1980? END
START in what year was general electric formed? END
START in which us state was ge incorporated? END
START which city was the home of ge's first headquarters? END
START who led the thomson-houston electric company when ge was formed? END
START where was the thomson-houston electric company based? END
START where was drexel, morgan & co incorporated? END
START in what year was canadian general electric formed? END
START when was drexel, morgan & co incorporated> END
START where was canadian general electric based? END
START where was thomson-houston electric company headquartered? END
START which river did ge pollute with pcbs from its plant in pittsfield, ma? END
START what were the primary contaminants contained in the pollution discharged into the housatonic river? END
START which company produced the aroctor 1254 and aroctor 1260? END
START how many pounds of pcbs are estimated to be retained in the sediment behind woods pond dam? END
START how high have the levels of pcbs in the sediments behind woods pond dam been measured at? END
START in what year was monsanto founded? END
START how much aroclor 1254 was found in pittsfield? END
START in what year did monsanto create aroclor 1260? END
START how many pounds of pcbs are found in pittsfield? END
START how much pcbs is found in waterfowl and fish in the housatonic river? END
START in what year did ge enter the renewable energy industry? END
START how much money has ge invested in renewable energy commercialization? END
START in what year did ge acquire kelman ltd.? END
START as of 2009, how many people did ge employ in its renewable energy initiatives? END
START when did ge announce an expansion of its business in northern ireland? END
START in what year was kelman ltd. formed? END
START how many people did ge employ overall as of 2009? END
START how many people worked for kelman ltd. as of 2008 when it was acquired by ge? END
START how much was ge worth as of 2002? END
START how much did ge pay to acquire kelman ltd? END
START when did ge announce its ecoimagination program? END
START who was the ceo of ge when it announced its ecoimagination program? END
START what type of technology related to water was to be developed under the ecoimagination program? END
START which newspaper printed an op-ed piece that questioned immelt's credibility as a spokesman on environmental policy? END
START what type of locomotive technology was to be developed by ge under its ecoimagination program? END
START who wrote an op-ed piece in the new york times about ge's ceo in may 2005? END
START in what year did ge start polluting the environment? END
START in what year was solar energy introduced as a way to generate electricity? END
START in what year did jeff immelt become the ceo of ge? END
START in what year was the first hybrid locomotive introduced onto the market? END
START who led ge's effort to build the first turbosupercharges during world war i? END
START which jet engine did ge introduce in 1941? END
START what was ge's rank among us corporations in the value of wartime production contracts during world war ii? END
START to which company did ge hand off their work on whittle's jet engines? END
START which company is ranked as the largest engine manufacturer in the world? END
START in what year was sanford alexander moss born? END
START in what year did world war ii start? END
START in what year was ge aviation founded? END
START in what year was the first superchargers introduced? END
START what engines did rolls-royce plc. build? END
START in what time period did ge pollute the hudson river with pcbs? END
START who founded the hudson river sloop clearwater and the clearwater festival to bring attention to the pollution caused by ge? END
START what does pcb stand for? END
START what designation did the epa give to the site of ge's hudson river pollution END
START what other types of pollution have contaminated the hudson river watershed? END
START in what year did pete seeger found the hudson river sloop clearwater? END
START in what year did the epa designate ge's plant on the hudson river as a superfund site? END
START in what year was musician peter singer born? END
START in what year did ge start polluting the hudson river with mercury? END
START in what year did sewage dumping in the hudson river become a problem? END
START how much money has ge said it will invest in 2008 for clean technology r&d? END
START how many green products did ge bring to market via its ecoimagination program as of october 2008? END
START what was ge's new revenue target for its ecoimagination program in 2010? END
START what type of lamp was introduced by ge as part of its ecoimagination initiative? END
START what type of engine did ge bring to market as part of its ecoimagination project? END
START in what year was the ecomagination initiative introduced by ge? END
START how much did ge spend on its ecomagination initiative in 2009? END
START how many green products did ge bring onto the market in 2009? END
START what were the number of green products released onto the market by ge in 2010? END
START how much did ge invest in it ecomagination initiative in 2016? END
START what was the name of the project introduced by ge at the 2011 toronto international fils festival? END
START which company was ge's partner in the short fils, big ideas project? END
START what type of system is sligshot? END
START what prize was awarded to the winning amateur dirctor film at the 2013 sundance film festival? END
START how many online views did the short films, big ideas campaign generate? END
START how much did it cost to produce the movie, "the cyborg foundation"? END
START in what year was the first sundance film festival held? END
START in what year was cinelan founded? END
START how many people saw the movie, "the cyborg foundation", at the 2013 sundance film festival? END
START in what city is the tribeca film festival held? END
START when did ge announce it was in talks to acquire the french engineering group alstom? END
START what was the final acquisition price paid by ge for alstom? END
START how big was the stake in alstom taken by the french government as part of the acquisition deal? END
START when was ge's acquisition of alstom agreed to by alstom's board? END
START from which company did the alstom board reject a rival acquisition proposal? END
START in what year was alstom established? END
START how much was ge worth as of april 2014? END
START how much was siemens and mitsubishi heave industries worth as of june 2014? END
START how much was was siemens-mitsubishi heavy industries rival offer? END
START in what year was steam turbines invented? END
START where is ge's headquarters located? END
START on what street in new york was ge headquartered before moving to fairfield? END
START in what year did ge move its headquarters to fairfield? END
START which television broadcast company is located in the same building as ge's main offices in new york city? END
START what was the former name of the comcast building, location of ge's main offices? END
START in what decade did nbc makes the comcast building their headquarters? END
START in what year was ge incorporated? END
START in what year did nbc begin broadcasting from the comcast building? END
START in what year did 30 rockefeller plaza at rockefeller center change its name to the comcast building? END
START which new york state attorney general filed suit in us district court to force ge to pay for the cleanup of chemicals dumped by their plant in waterford, ny? END
START how much did ge agree to pay in claims for the pollution it caused in the housatonic river and other sites? END
START how many tons of pcbs were claimed to have been dumped by ge's waterford plant in the 1983 lawsuit? END
START in which year was a settlement reached regarding ge's pollution of the housatonic river? END
START what was the location of the pollution caused by ge in the housatonic river? END
START in what year was the suit against ge by new york state attorney general robert abrams settled? END
START how much money did ge pay to settle the lawsuit filed against it by the new york state attorney general in 1983? END
START what river is near ge's plant in waterford, new york? END
START where was the lawsuit filed against ge in connection to it polluting the housatonic river? END
START what was the name of the attorney general who filed a suit against ge for it polluting the housatonic river? END
START when was the continental army created? END
START who was the commander of the continental army? END
START from what country did friedrich wilhelm von steuben come from? END
START what did friedrich wilhelm von steuben teach the continental army? END
START how was the continental army created? END
START when was the commander of the continental army appointed? END
START what european did friedrich wilhelm von steuben come from? END
START when did friedrich wilhelm von steuben teach prussian tactics? END
START what year did american forces start being stationed in vietnam? END
START what caused american forces to deploy in large number in 1965? END
START what political structure did vietnam have? END
START what year did soviet forces start being stationed in vietnam? END
START what caused soviet forces to deploy in large number in 1965? END
START what political structure did america have? END
START what type of military warfare did russian forces use? END
START what was organized to replace the concept of u.s. volunteers? END
START when was the national army demobilized? END
START who filled vacancies in the regular army? END
START what was organized to replace the concept of the militias? END
START when was the national army started? END
START what was added to the national army? END
START who filled vacancies for militias? END
START what were temporary soldiers known as? END
START who is the highest-ranked military officer in the army? END
START who does the chief of staff serve as the principal military adviser to? END
START how many military services beling to the department of defense? END
START in what year did the goldwater-nichols act take place? END
START which civilian leads the navy? END
START who is the highest-ranked military officer in the navy? END
START how many european military services belong to the department of defense? END
START what year was the goldwater-nichols act rejected? END
START what branch of military does the secretary of the treasury direct? END
START what branch of the usa armed forces is the largest? END
START how many uniformed services are there in the us? END
START what years did the american revolutionary war span? END
START what date was the u.s. army created? END
START what did the u.s army replace? END
START what branch of the usa armed forces is the smallest? END
START how many uniformed services are there in canada? END
START what years did the french revolutionary war span? END
START what did the u.s. navy replace? END
START when was the u.s.  navy disbanded? END
START the war of 1812 consisted of the u.s against whom? END
START in what year did the u.s. take control of lake eerie? END
START who did the u.s. defeat to collapse the indian confederacy? END
START in the battle of new orleans, who defeated the british? END
START the siege of 1812 was fought against? END
START what year did the u.s. take control of lake superior? END
START what did the english defeat to collapse the indian confederacy? END
START in the battle of the new orleans, who defeated the americans? END
START what political party did not have trust in standing armies? END
START who did the state militias have ongoing conflict with? END
START who was defeated at the battle of the wabash? END
START in what year was the legion of the united states established? END
START in what year was the legion of the united states renamed to the united states army? END
START  what person did not trust the standing armies? END
START who did the state militia have an ongoing peace treaty with? END
START who was killed at the battle of the wabash? END
START in what year was the the government of the united states established? END
START where is the national training center located? END
START where is the joint readiness training center located? END
START where is the joint multinational training center located? END
START in what year was arforgen approved? END
START in what states is fort bliss located? END
START where is the international training center located? END
START where is the double readiness training center located? END
START where is the joint international training center located? END
START what year was arforgen rejected? END
START in what cities is fort bliss located? END
START in what year did the union forces capture new orleans? END
START who took control of the mississippi river in 1862-63? END
START who captured atlanta? END
START where did lee surrender his army? END
START in what year did the union forces capture atlanta? END
START who took control of the snake river in 1862-63? END
START who released atlanta? END
START where did grant surrender his army? END
START what war occurred after the end of world war ii? END
START in what year were corps v and corps vii reactivated? END
START how many divisions of the u.s. army were in europe? END
START what war occurred after the end of war on terror? END
START in what year were corps v and corps vii disbanded? END
START how many divisions of the u.s. army were in germany? END
START what set the stage for the north-south confrontation? END
START with the outbreak of which war did concerns for the defense of western europe decrease? END
START what month and year did the u.s. join world war ii? END
START which military force attacked pearl harbor? END
START what is the month, day and year of "d-day"? END
START what war lead to the capture of the pacific islands by the u.s.? END
START who was responsible for the desegregation of the army? END
START what month and year did the chinese join world war ii? END
START which military force aided  during pearl harbor? END
START what is month, day, and year v-day? END
START who was responsible for the segregation of the army? END
START who participated along with u.s. army soldiers in the french-indian war? END
START who adopted the total force policy? END
START what war was responsible for the creation of the total force policy? END
START how many army components were affected by the total force policy? END
START who rejected the total force policy? END
START what war was responsible for the recall of the total force policy? END
START how many navy components were affected by the total force policy? END
START what three components of the navy are a single force? END
START which country was invaded by the u.s. in october 2001? END
START the u.s. army invaded iraq in what year? END
START about how many u.s. soldiers died as of march 2008 due to counterinsurgency? END
START how many iraqi insurgents were killed from 2003-2011? END
START which country was liberated by the u.s. in october 2001? END
START what year did the  european country invade iraq? END
START how many european soldiers died as of march 2008 due to counterinsurgency? END
START how many palestinian insurgents were killed from 2003-2011?  END
START what year did the chinese lead a combined coalition into iraq? END
START what were national guard members considered before 1903? END
START in what year did the milita act take place? END
START the air defense artillery is a branch of what? END
START national guardsmen are under the authority of who? END
START what was the u.s. navy considered before 1903? END
START in what year did the milita act disband? END
START what is the state defense artillery a branch of? END
START who governs the u.s. navy? END
START how many divisions are there in the u.s. army? END
START how many brigade teams did the army downsize to by 2015? END
START who is the army chief of staff? END
START by 2018, how many active army members will there be? END
START how many army reserve members will there be by 2018? END
START how many divisions are there in the u.s. navy? END
START how many brigade teams did the navy downsize to by 2015? END
START who is the navy chief of staff? END
START how many active navy members will there be in 2018? END
START how many navy reserve members will there be by 2018? END
START what categories are u.s. army training divided into? END
START how long does basic training last? END
START how long does military occupation specialties training last? END
START what does osut stand for? END
START where are the armor school and the infantry school both located? END
START what categories are the u.s. navy divided into? END
START how long does basic artillery training last for? END
START how long does a military cooking class last? END
START how long does naval military occupation specialties training last? END
START what does asut stand for? END
START what does the saw in m249 saw stand for? END
START what kind of gunfire is the m249 saw generally used for? END
START what is the mossberg 590 used for? END
START what gun do designated marksmen use? END
START what semi-automatic sniper do snipers use? END
START what does saw in m248 stand for? END
START what kind of gunfire is the m248 saw generally used for? END
START what gun do designated marksmen use the least? END
START what type of automatic weapon do snipers use? END
START how many mrap vehicles has the pentagon bought since 2007? END
START how many of the 25,000 vehicles do they plan on getting rid of? END
START how many of the vehicles will be used for training? END
START the army will be keeping 5,681 of what vehicle? END
START what type of ambulance will the army have 301 of? END
START how many mrap vehicles has the pentagon bought since 2000?  END
START how many of the 25,00 vehicles does they plan on selling? END
START how many vehicles does the army plan on not using for training? END
START how many vehicles will the navy be keeping? END
START what type of tank will the the army have 301 of? END
START what piece of the uniform has been replaced by the patrol cap? END
START who was the army chief of staff at this time? END
START what month and year was the black beret replaced? END
START if a soldier is in a unit in jump status, what color beret do they wear? END
START the rifle green beret is worn by whom? END
START what piece of uniform has been replaced by the patrol top? END
START who is the navy chief of staff at this time? END
START what month and year was the black shirt replaced? END
START what color beret does a soldier in a unit with permanent status wear? END
START what color beret does the member of the 76th ranger regiment wear? END
START how many military departments does the department of defense have? END
START what does secarmy stand for? END
START what does csa stand for? END
START at the end of 2016, how many soldiers were in the regular army? END
START how many soldiers were there in the entire u.s. army at the end of 2016? END
START how many military departments does the department of agriculture have? END
START what does saacrmy stand for? END
START what does css stand for? END
START at the end of 2016,how many women were in the regular army? END
START how many women soldiers were there in the entire u.s. army at the end of 2016? END
START what indian tribe was the army's major campaign against? END
START during what years did the wars between the army and the seminoles take place? END
START what state were the seminoles moved to? END
START what did the army traditionally take control of to defeat the indians? END
START during what century did the seminoles enter florida? END
START what american tribe was the army's major campaign against? END
START during what years did the wars between the army and british take place?  END
START what state did the pilgrims move to? END
START what did the navy traditionally take control of to defeat the indians? END
START during what century did the seminoles enter texas? END
START what year did the korean war start? END
START who walked out of the u.n. security meeting? END
START in what two countries did the american troops fight communist forces? END
START in what year did the korean war end? END
START what year did the vietnam war begin? END
START who entered the u.n. security meeting? END
START in what two countries did the american troops fight for communist forces? END
START in what year did the vietnam war end? END
START in 1989, what did the pentagon plan to reduce the army end strength to? END
START which country did iraq invade in 1990? END
START what operation began in january 1991? END
START how many troops were involved in operation desert storm? END
START how long did operation desert storm last? END
START what did the pentagon pan to increase the army strength to? END
START what state did iraq invade in 1990? END
START what operation ended in january 1991? END
START how many months did operation desert storm last? END
START how many canadian-led troops were deployed? END
START what year was the u.s. army organized? END
START what group combined with the u.s. army? END
START who raised the united states volunteers? END
START what year was the canadian army organized? END
START what group combined with the u.s. navy? END
START who dismantled the united states volunteers? END
START what did cities maintain full-time? END
START what is also called into the service of the navy? END
START what is the active component of the u.s. army? END
START what are the two reserve components of the u.s. army? END
START what are utas? END
START the u.s. army is organized under what title of the united states code? END
START who does the d.c. national guard report to? END
START what is the inactive component of the u.s. army? END
START what are the two reserve components of the u.s. navy? END
START the u.s. army is organized under what title of the united nations code? END
START who does the d.c. national navy report to? END
START what does asi stand for? END
START what is are combat medics duties? END
START where do the officers go to complete their branch specific training? END
START if the officers want to advance their careers even further, where is that available? END
START what does isi stand for? END
START where do ensigns go to complete their branch specific training? END
START where does post-commissioning training take place? END
START what does isi training is offered? END
START what does the army use for facilities while they are deployed? END
START what are the barracks used for? END
START where are the dining facilities called? END
START what does fob stand for? END
START what is the abbreviation for a tactical operations center? END
START what does the coast guard use for facilities while they are deployed? END
START what are dfac ships used for? END
START what does fab stand for? END
START where are horses stabled? END
START who dismantles tents? END
START which war had the most u.s. casualties associated with it? END
START what were the u.s. forces referred to as? END
START what state did not contribute any troops to the union army? END
START which war had the least u.s. casualties with it? END
START what were the southern forces referred to as? END
START what state contributed the most troops to the union army? END
START what was the least expensive war for the u.s.? END
START in what year did the army start using fixed-wing aircraft? END
START who attacked new mexico in 1916? END
START what year did the u.s. join world war i? END
START what date did the u.s. intervention in new mexico end? END
START what year did the army start the left-wing aircraft? END
START who surrendered new mexico in 1916? END
START what year did the chinese join world war i? END
START what date did the u.s. intervention in new york end? END
START who was the secretary of defense in 1967? END
START how many divisions did the secretary of defense cut the original 15 down to? END
START how many brigades did the secretary of defense increase the number to? END
START who was the president of defense in 1967? END
START how many division did the secretary of defense cut the original 10 down to? END
START how many brigades did the secretary of defense decrease the number to? END
START what suggestions did the states have regarding increase of division? END
START what year did the federal government reorganize their forces?  END
START how many victims were killed in the attack on the pentagon? END
START what aircraft was hijacked? END
START did they crash into the eastern or wester part of the pentagon. END
START who was the highest ranking official killed in the attack? END
START how many victims were killed in the attack of the white house? END
START what aircraft was released by terrorists? END
START did the plane crash into the eastern or western part of the white house? END
START who was the lowest ranking official killed in the attack? END
START what is the army replacing divisions with? END
START how will the brigades be structured? END
START who can command any brigade? END
START what is the coast guard replacing divisions with? END
START how will the brigades be deconstructed? END
START who can command any branch of the army? END
START what is being dismissed? END
START what is the primary sidearm used by the u.s. army? END
START what type of frag grenade is used by the u.s. army? END
START the m18 is a type of what kind of grenade? END
START through what system are handguns being replacedby the u.s. army? END
START what is the primary sidearm used by the coast guard? END
START what type of frag grenade is used by the coast guard? END
START what type of grenade is the m17? END
START what system is replacing hats in the u.s. army? END
START what are the most common weapons used by the navy? END
START what does hmmwv stand for? END
START what is the hmmwv also known as? END
START the m1a2 abrams is an example of what? END
START what does mrap stand for? END
START what does hmmwa stand for? END
START what is the hmmwa also known as? END
START what does mraa stand for? END
START what is the least common type of combat support vehicles? END
