START what period followed the han dynasty? END
START what dynasty came before the han dynasty? END
START who founded the han dynasty? END
START when did the former han period begin? END
START when did the later han period end? END
START when did the qing dynasty fall? END
START what innovation was acquired from the qin? END
START what philosphy in education was sanctioned by the chinese court? END
START what was an attributing factor that caused kingdoms to lose their independence during the han dynasty? END
START what class did a majority of appointed ministers come from during the han dynasty? END
START in what year did the central government issue coins? END
START what industry did the government use to help pay for its military campaigns? END
START in what period did several government monopolies become repealed? END
START a money based economy was first entrenched in what dynasty? END
START a seismometer during the han dynasty used what type of pendulum? END
START which confederation defeated the han in 200 bc? END
START what type of campaign helped establish the silk road? END
START in what year was nanyue annexed? END
START which confederation conquered the territories north of the han's border? END
START in what year did emperor wu of han's reign end? END
START which religious societies instigated the yellow turban rebellion? END
START who killed the palace eunichs after the death of emperor ling? END
START which king took the seat of power from emperor xian? END
START who was the last emperor of the han dynasty? END
START in what year did emperor ling die? END
START with what action did the qin bring together the chinese warring states? END
START which commander did liu bang defeat in the battle of gaixia? END
START who was the first emperor during the qin dynasty? END
START what ultimately caused the qin dynasty's authority to be dissolved? END
START who urged liu bang to become emperor? END
START how many commanderies were in the western third of the empire? END
START who could appoint staff to the kings? END
START when was the rebellion of the seven states? END
START from what source did kings derive their personal income from? END
START the han court replaced several kings with members of what royal family? END
START who was the chieftain of the xiongnu? END
START what group had a trade embargo created against them? END
START in what year were han forces defeated in baideng? END
START what agreement established equality between the xiongnu and the han? END
START what type of clothing were sent as a tribute to the xiongnu? END
START the heqin agreement was reaffirmed by a court conference in what year? END
START in what year did emperor wu begin a series of attacks in xiongnu territories? END
START what type of colony did chinese armies use to help firm their hold on the strongholds that they had taken over? END
START in what year did the battle of mobei take place? END
START which han commander died in the year 106 bc? END
START who made up a majority of the people on the frontier? END
START who forced peasant farmers to move to new settlements? END
START in what year did han forces stop a joint xiongnu-qiang invasion? END
START where were landowners encouraged to migrate willingly to? END
START how many commanderies in the new frontier were created by the han court in the year 111 bc? END
START what type of roman item was traded on the silk road network? END
START which diplomat helped gather information on the country of anxi? END
START when did zhang qian end his travels? END
START which network was used to exchange goods with rome? END
START what empire had established an embassy in anxi? END
START which group did han forces fight in the tarm basin? END
START when was the first national census taken in china? END
START what was the population of china in 2 ad? END
START what year was the protectorate of western regions created in? END
START which kingdom did the han conquer in 109 bc? END
START who made up the bulk of the administrators of the new government monopolies? END
START when was the liquor monopoly abolished? END
START which faction did the reformists oppose? END
START which political faction favored budgetary reform? END
START in what year did huo guang die? END
START who tried to outlaw slavery? END
START what caused the water level in the yellow river to increase? END
START who created a dam in the southern branch of the yellow river? END
START what emptied out to the south of the shandong peninsula? END
START what caused the end of wang mang's regime? END
START where did the capital move to after the reign of guangwu? END
START what era does the reign of guangwu fall under? END
START what can the eastern han dynasty also be called? END
START where was the capital located during the western han dynasty? END
START what can the western han dynasty also be called? END
START on what date did the eastern han dynasty begin? END
START which state raided han's korean commanderies? END
START who started a rebellion against han in the year ad 40? END
START in what year did ma yuan die? END
START who was the leader of the xiongnu? END
START which basin did the han lose authority of? END
START when did chen mu die? END
START where did the northern xiongnu flee to in ad 91? END
START who was the protector general of the western regions? END
START who conquered the tarim basin in ad 63? END
START which ruler requested a marriage alliance with the han in ad 90? END
START who was the protector general of the western regions in ad 91? END
START which empire was asked to help subdue kashgar? END
START which empire sent armies to attack ban chao? END
START who was allied with kashgar? END
START which member of the han empire was sent to daqin in ad 97? END
START who translated written works into chinese? END
START who reached the court of emperor huan in ad 166? END
START when did emperor huan's reign begin? END
START which empire sent the han gifts? END
START who was prevented from leaving their house? END
START when did emperor he's reign end? END
START who managed the state after the death of emperor he? END
START when did the qiang rebellion end? END
START who concealed the identity of emperor he's mother? END
START who had forced a large number of empress dowager deng's clan members to kill themselves? END
START which person plotted to overthrew the regime of empress dowager yan? END
START who did emperor huan hire to depose liang ji? END
START relatives of what family were exiled after sun cheng had overthrown the regime? END
START how did liang ji die? END
START on what charge was li ying jailed for? END
START who was responsible for imprisoning li ying? END
START during what type of crisis did emperor huan alienate the bureaucracy? END
START students from what university led a protest against members of huan's court? END
START when did dou wu die? END
START who arrested chen fan in a failed plot? END
START who made accusations of treason against dou wu? END
START how did dou wu pass away? END
START which group was favorable to zhang huan? END
START what type of action was attempted on the eunuchs? END
START in what year did the partisan prohibitions end? END
START in what year did zhang lu's rebellion end? END
START how many provinces did zhang jue's rebellion take place in? END
START what type of healer was zhang jue? END
START what religion did zhang jue practice? END
START who was assassinated on september 22, 189 ad? END
START who agreed to the execuation of the eunuchs? END
START who negated the execution order on the eunuchs? END
START who was the family member that emperor shao escaped with? END
START what did general-in-chief he petition empress he for? END
START how was luoyang destroyed? END
START who demoted emperor shao? END
START what position would the young liu xie eventually be promoted to? END
START who had taken control of luoyang? END
START when did dong zhuo die? END
START who was defeated at the battle of red cliffs in 208 ad? END
START who did emperor xian give his throne to? END
START what state was in a conflict with eastern wu, and shu han? END
START who was in control of the south of china? END
START in what month did cao cao die? END
START during what period was it obvious that corruption was widespread in the government? END
START what rank provided its holder territorial rule? END
START what class did individuals who served as officials in the government belong to? END
START what was considered to be more important to some than serving the local government? END
START what rank is below that of full marquess? END
START who were considered to be below the social rank that scholars held? END
START what color of clothing were merchants that had registered with the state forced to wear? END
START who would retainers in the employ of nobles occasionally have to fight? END
START who was commonly considered by some to be social parasites? END
START how could a merchant prevent having to register as one? END
START how many family members would commonly live in a single household during the han era? END
START whose opinion on the spouse of an arranged marriage was considered to be more important? END
START who were rich enough to afford multiple lovers? END
START what type of family was your typical han era family considered to be? END
START what type of marriage was thought of as a normal occurrence in this era? END
START which family member commonly sent an adult married offspring away with their portion of the families fortune? END
START what type of document could be produced to distribute some of an inheritance? END
START how did daughters get their portion of the family fortune? END
START was is guaranteed that a first born son would receive all of the family's fortune? END
START what type of title could be passed down? END
START which gender was exempt from performing the yearly corvee labor duties? END
START what emotional state would empresses commonly place their immediate family members in? END
START what type of occupation did women commonly take part in? END
START who were women obligated to obey in their old age? END
START which parental figures often avoided the common familial rules? END
START what philosophy was given exclusivity in the court during the rule of emperor wu? END
START who put an end to all erudites? END
START how many students were in the imperial university by the second century? END
START what type of philosophy was available for individuals at the commanderies? END
START where did teachers make their money from at private schools? END
START who had produced biographies of individuals of significant importance? END
START what type of poetry had much influence in the han dynasty? END
START who had written the dictionary fangyan? END
START which person had authored the book of han? END
START what was the name of ban biao's female offspring? END
START what type of torture was acquired from qin law? END
START what eventually replaced torturous mutilation as a type of punishment? END
START what type of extreme punishment was likely to be laid upon those who committed the harshest of crimes? END
START what could a criminal in this era expect not to happen if he was convicted of a crime? END
START what did women commonly have less of? END
START what type of crop was rice considered to be during this period? END
START what were dogs in this era most likely to be considered? END
START what type of partridge was commonly consumed? END
START where were turtles acquired from? END
START what was the color of the bayberries? END
START what type of decoration was often seen in tombs? END
START what could be used to prevent a door from closing in a place of burial? END
START what was the afterlife of the immortals called during this period? END
START what is the commonly held notion regarding the dual nature of the soul called? END
START what function did the holes in the top and bottom of the tomb tiles enable them to do? END
START who made sacrifices to the main deities in this period? END
START what type of geological event was feared could be caused by the morals of the emperor? END
START what is another term that could be used to label the main deities? END
START how many realms were commonly thought of as being linked by a natural cycle? END
START what type of swarm was a concern because of the emperor's ethics? END
START what was the purpose of breathing exercises to a daoist? END
START what type of religion did the society of the way of the five pecks of rice practice? END
START what could the prophet laozi offer in return for the confession of sins? END
START what literal work were followers of laozi expected to chant? END
START what could be earned if an individual had reached the lands of the queen mother of the west? END
START during was era did buddhism first appear in the region? END
START when did emperor ming of han's reign end? END
START what philosophical practice did liu ying believe in? END
START what is believed to be the first buddhist temple in this area? END
START during which century were important buddhist notions translated to chinese? END
START who was responsible for nominations of local administrators in the government? END
START was the emperor able to reject an opinion that was made by the court conference? END
START who often placed pressure on the emperor in regards to local policies? END
START what did the emperor risk if he did not accept the decisions of the court conference? END
START who was considered to be the supreme judge in han government? END
START which individual had a duty to maintain the imperial stables? END
START which minister had the responsibility to interpret laws in this period? END
START which minister could an honored guest of the court be expected to see? END
START who provided  the emperor with sustenance and medical aid? END
START which individual held the responsibility to oversee the interactions of the empire's nobles with the court? END
START what individual was typically in charge of a commandery? END
START around how many households was a prefect responsible for? END
START what individual was responsible for law and maintaining order in the county? END
START what emperor initially created the quota system? END
START who was in charge of counties that had fewer than 10,000 people in them? END
START what gender was expected to be conscripted into the military? END
START at what age could a male common expect to be conscripted into the military? END
START how long could a conscripted soldier expect to be in training for? END
START what was the lowest age a soldier could be conscripted after the end of emperor zhao's tenure? END
START which minister could a conscripted soldier expect to serve under during his year of service? END
START how could conscription into military service be avoided? END
START what army was based near the capital? END
START what army was considered to be the volunteer army? END
START how many regiments were in the northern army? END
START around how many soldiers were in each regiment of the northern army? END
START where did the han dynasty receive their coin type from? END
START who closed the government mint? END
START in what year was the decision reversing the closure of the government mint implemented? END
START who released new lighter coinage that caused significant amounts of inflation because of it's weight? END
START in what year were private manufactures allowed to create coins that were exactly 2.6g in mass? END
START who introduced new coinage in the year of 120 bc? END
START what coin replaced the ban liangs after only a year of distribution? END
START during what dynasty did the wuzhu stop being the standard coin? END
START what was the mass of the wuzhu coin? END
START what interrupted the use of the wuzhu coin during the reign of wang mang? END
START which group made up the bulk of the han tax base? END
START who made reductions in the taxes that landowner-cultivators were forced to pay? END
START during what period did a large number of peasants incur debt? END
START what type of housing did the han government provide to landless indebted peasants? END
START what did the han government do to help out smaller landowners? END
START in which year did emperor wu monopolize several industries? END
START who allowed industrialists to become officials in the newly state sanctioned industries? END
START during what period did the governmental monopolies become privatized once again? END
START what did emperor wu do to negate the influence of private entrepreneurs? END
START during what era could a wealthy iron industrialist be able to rival the treasury in funds? END
START what industry was monopolized by the government in 98 bc? END
START in what year did the liquor industry once again become privatized? END
START what was mostly missing during the eastern han? END
START what did emperor wu sell that offended the merchants? END
START what office did emperor ming create? END
START what type of furnace was functional in china in 722 bc? END
START what element was used in the production of wrought iron? END
START what type of iron could pig iron be converted into? END
START what type of process was used to convert various metals into steel? END
START what can iron ore be converted into in a blast furnace? END
START what was an invention that allowed farmers to place their crops into rows? END
START how many animals were neccessary to pull an iron plow? END
START how many acres of land could succesfully be sowed with a seed box in a day? END
START what methodology allowed the production of new agricultural tools? END
START how many persons were necessary to operate an iron plow? END
START what helped insure the safety of crops from wind? END
START what was the name of the system that for growing crops that did not require plows? END
START what were paddy fields used for primarily to grow in smaller areas? END
START what system did the government recommend the usage of? END
START what was the name of the grain intendant? END
START what building material was used primarily during the han dynasty? END
START what dynasty can the oldest wooden buildings in china be dated to? END
START what is considered to be the last year of the tang dynasty? END
START what type of object is the only evidence of han's wooden constructions? END
START what was the primary component of a palace hall during the han dynasty? END
START how many stone pillar-gates survive from the han era? END
START what architectural feature contained an imitation of a balustrade? END
START what building material were tomb chambers constructed with? END
START what were the walls that encompassed the city of luoyang comprised of? END
START what type of system used ceramic water pipes? END
START what type of scholars have provided proof that mechanical engineering was prominent during the han period? END
START which philosopher described the invention of a belt drive? END
START which engineer was responsible for first inventing the zoetrope lamp? END
START what can be used as a support structure in incense burners? END
START what type of invention was used to provide air conditioning for the palace buildings? END
START during which period was the odometer cart first created? END
START what item was used to make very small measurements during this era? END
START what has allowed us to discover long lost inventions of the han era? END
START what was used to separate parts of grain? END
START what use did the odometer cart provide? END
START what was used to power chain pumps to raise water to irrigation ditches? END
START what commandery was the creator of the waterwheel-powered reciprocator from? END
START who was the author of the essay entitled balance discourse? END
START during what century is it likely that the watermill made an appearance in china? END
START during what era did the waterwheel first appear in recordings? END
START who was responsible for the invention of the seismometer? END
START in what year was the seismometer first invented? END
START what invention included an inverted pendulum? END
START how many dragons were represented in zhang heng's invention of the seismometer? END
START what was exchanged from mouth to mouth in the usage of the seismometer? END
START what type of treatise is the book on numbers and computation considered to be? END
START how many mathematical treatises have still managed to survive to this day? END
START what achievement of the han era can be used to help solve linear equations? END
START during what era was the nine chapters on the mathematical art from? END
START what can be used to help find the roots of equations? END
START in what treatise did negative numbers first appear? END
START how were negative numbers first described during the han period? END
START in what century were negative numbers more commonly accepted in europe? END
START what indian manuscript also contains the useage of negative numbers? END
START what were positive numbers portayed as in the treatise of the nine chapters on the mathematical art? END
START in what era was a geocentric view of the universe adopted? END
START who was able to describe the process of evaporation? END
START what object was assumed to block sunlight during a lunar eclipse? END
START what did astronomers believe the shape of the sun to be during this era? END
START what did astronomers during this area believe to be the center of the universe? END
START what textile were some of the early han maps made from? END
START in what type of building were silken maps found? END
START which individual created the very first raised relief map? END
START what food stable was the first raised relief map created from? END
START what type of boat design was first invented during the han era? END
START in what areas were han ships able to be sailed in part due to the stern rudder? END
START what ship design contained a flat-bottomed hull? END
START what type of transport was the steering oar most likely to be used during? END
START who believed that the same forces that controlled the universe also controlled the human body? END
START what was used during surgery to relieve patients of their pain? END
START what profession was the individual zhang zhongjing involved in? END
START how did zhang zhongjing attempt to cure various illnesses? END
START when did hua tuo die? END
START which angel is believed to have communicated the quran to muhammad? END
START on which date did muhammad begin receiving the quran? END
START in which year ce did muhammad die? END
START what is the arabic variant of gabriel? END
START how many times is the word "quran" used in the quran? END
START which devil is believed to have communicated the quran to muhammad? END
START on which date did muhammad stop receiving the quran? END
START in which year ce did muhammad get sick? END
START what is the jewish variant of gabriel? END
START how many times isn't the word "quran" used in the quran? END
START who first recorded muhammad revelations? END
START who first standardized the earliest versions of the quran? END
START by what name is the first standardized version of the quran known? END
START who last recorded muhammad revelations? END
START who last standardized the earliest versions of the quran? END
START who first standardized the latest versions of the quran? END
START by what name is the last standardized version of the quran known? END
START by what name is the first standardized version of the quran unknown? END
START in which language is the quran spoken during prayer? END
START the quran is used in the interpretation of which form of law? END
START what accounts are form the basis of much of the accounts in the quran? END
START which religious text calls itself a book of guidance? END
START in which language is the quran unspoken during prayer? END
START the quran isn't used in the interpretation of which form of law? END
START the quran is unused in the interpretation of which form of law? END
START what accounts are form the basis of none of the accounts in the quran? END
START which scientific text calls itself a book of guidance? END
START from which arabic verb might "quran" be derived? END
START what syriac word might be related to "quran"? END
START the words from which the name "quran" might be described are related to which act? END
START which word do most muslim scholars point to as the origin of the quran's name? END
START from which arabic noun might "quran" be derived? END
START from which arabic verb might not "quran" be derived? END
START what syriac word might be unrelated to "quran"? END
START the words from which the name "quran" might be described are unrelated to which act? END
START which word don't any muslim scholars point to as the origin of the quran's name? END
START which term used in the quran to indicate itself means "book"? END
START which term does the quran use to refer to itself as "scripture"? END
START what meaning does the quran take when it calls itself hikmah? END
START what name does the quran use for itself that means "revelation"? END
START which term isn't used in the quran to indicate itself means "book"? END
START which term doesn't the quran use to refer to itself as "scripture"? END
START which term does the quran use to refer to itself as "puncture"? END
START what meaning doesn't the quran take when it calls itself hikmah? END
START what name doesn't the quran use for itself that means "revelation"? END
START which term meaning "the mother book" does the quran apply to itself? END
START what term is used in the quran to indicate previous revelations? END
START what is the arabic term commonly used to refer to works like the torah or the gospels? END
START what is an english translation of huda? END
START which term meaning "the mother book" doesn't the quran apply to itself? END
START what term is unused in the quran to indicate previous revelations? END
START what term is used in the quran to indicate future revelations? END
START what isn't an english translation of huda? END
START in which mountain cave did mohammad experience his first revelation? END
START where did mohammad move to found a separate muslim community? END
START prisoners from which battle are thought to have helped muslims learn to write? END
START vegetation from which tree served as an early recording medium for the quran? END
START when muhammad dies, what had not yet been compiled as a book? END
START in which mountain cave did mohammad experience his last revelation? END
START where didn't mohammad move to find a separate muslim community? END
START prisoners from which battle are thought to have helped muslims learn to sing? END
START vegetation from which tree served as an later recording medium for the quran? END
START when muhammad dies, what had been compiled as a book? END
START what is the most common interpretation of the word "ummi" that the quran applies to muhammad? END
START because mohammed was "ummi," what would he not have known about that lent credence to his prophethood? END
START what term does the quran use to describe mohammad's lack of exposure to scripture? END
START what skills would have made others more suspicious that mohammad was not getting his revelations in the way he said? END
START what is the most uncommon interpretation of the word "ummi" that the quran applies to muhammad? END
START what is the most common misinterpretation of the word "ummi" that the quran applies to muhammad? END
START because mohammed was "ummi," what would he have known about that lent credence to his prophethood? END
START what term doesn't the quran use to describe mohammad's lack of exposure to scripture? END
START what skills would have made others more suspicious that mohammad was getting his revelations in the way he said? END
START which caliph decided to preserve the quran as a single book after some of muhammad's companions were killed in battle? END
START which scribe led the production of the first written quran? END
START in which year did abu bakr die? END
START who took possession of the first quran manuscript after abu bakr? END
START which caliph ordered the quran manuscript copied and standardized? END
START which caliph decided to preserve the quran as a single book after some of muhammad's companions were saved in battle? END
START which scribe led the production of the last written quran? END
START in which year did abu bakr survive? END
START who took possession of the last quran manuscript after abu bakr? END
START which caliph ordered the quran manuscript copied and destroyed? END
START what is the term for recycled parchments used in ancient manuscripts? END
START before which year were the sana'a manuscripts produced? END
START in which city was evidence of pre-uthmanic quranic writing discovered in 1972? END
START what version of the quran was the scriptio superior of the sana'a manuscripts? END
START what is the term for recycled parchments unused in ancient manuscripts? END
START what is the term for recycled parchments used in modern manuscripts? END
START after which year were the sana'a manuscripts produced? END
START in which city was evidence of pre-uthmanic quranic writing discovered in 1927? END
START what version of the quran was the scriptio inferior of the sana'a manuscripts? END
START how many years old were the quran fragments discovered in birmingham in 2015? END
START what script were the birmingham quran fragments written in? END
START which modern script descends from the script on the birmingham quran fragments? END
START what feature of the birmingham quran fragments' text make some doubt that it is older than other known versions of the quran? END
START how many years old were the quran fragments discovered in birmingham in 1915? END
START how many years old were the quran fragments lost in birmingham in 2015? END
START what script weren't the birmingham quran fragments written in? END
START which unmodern script descends from the script on the birmingham quran fragments? END
START what feature of the birmingham quran fragments' text make some doubt that it is newer than other known versions of the quran? END
START which section of the quran inspires some muslims to ritually wash themselves before touching their copy? END
START what is done with the ashes of burned copies of the quran? END
START in what state are copies of the quran sometime wrapped in cloth and buried? END
START which are the safest places to inter an older copy of the quran? END
START which section of the quran inspires all muslims to ritually wash themselves before touching their copy? END
START which section of the quran inspires some jews to ritually wash themselves before touching their copy? END
START what isn't done with the ashes of burned copies of the quran? END
START in what state are copies of the quran never wrapped in cloth and buried? END
START which are the safest places to inter an newer copy of the quran? END
START what term indicates that the contents of the quran cannot be reproduced in speech? END
START until what day is the quran believed to be in effect? END
START in which year did the medieval muslim scholar al-baqillani die? END
START which muslim scholar studied the quran's inimitability until his death in 1078? END
START what term indicates that the contents of the quran should be reproduced in speech? END
START until what day is the quran believed to not be in effect? END
START in which year did the medieval muslim scholar al-baqillani survive illness? END
START which muslim scholar studied the quran's inimitability until his death in 1087? END
START which jewish scholar studied the quran's inimitability until his death in 1078? END
START what is a chapter of the quran called? END
START how many suras are in the quran? END
START what two city-related categories divide the quran's suras? END
START what determines the order in which suras are placed in the quran? END
START which arabic phrase opens almost all suras? END
START what is a chapter of the quran not called? END
START how many suras aren't in the quran? END
START what three city-related categories divide the quran's suras? END
START what two city-related categories multiply the quran's suras? END
START what determines the order in which suras aren't placed in the quran? END
START what division of the quran is used for a month-long reading? END
START how many ajzā cover the entire quran? END
START how many ahzab are in a juz'? END
START what is the term for a subdivision of a hizb? END
START what division is used for a week-long recital of the quran? END
START what division of the quran is unused for a month-long reading? END
START how many ajzā cover the partial quran? END
START how many ahzab aren't in a juz'? END
START what isn't the term for a subdivision of a hizb? END
START what division is unused for a week-long recital of the quran? END
START quranic verses concerning which phenomena are thought by muslims to authenticate its contents? END
START what types of events are related in the quran in support of its moral teachings? END
START historical narratives from whose time period are unique to the quran among holy books? END
START quranic verses concerning which phenomena are thought by muslims to unauthenticate its contents? END
START quranic verses concerning which phenomena are thought by jews to authenticate its contents? END
START what types of events aren't related in the quran in support of its moral teachings? END
START what types of events are unrelated in the quran in support of its moral teachings? END
START historical narratives from whose time period aren't unique to the quran among holy books? END
START what fraction of the quran deals with eschatology? END
START what general topic is eschatology about? END
START which natural disaster features in sura 22? END
START what topic do suras 44, 56, 75, and 101 have in common? END
START what fraction of the quran deals with emmatology? END
START what general topic isn't eschatology about? END
START which unnatural disaster features in sura 22? END
START which natural disaster features in sura 32? END
START what topic do suras 44, 65, 75, and 101 have in common? END
START in what form does the quran say god sends his messages to people? END
START who intermediates between god and prophets? END
START which part of the quran describes god's use of intermediaries between himself and his prophets? END
START how does the quran describe the similarity of messages god has delivered throughout human history? END
START which humans are the messengers of god? END
START in what form doesn't the quran say god sends his messages to people? END
START who intermediates between jesus and prophets? END
START which part of the quran describes mohammed's use of intermediaries between himself and his prophets? END
START how does the quran describe the differences of messages god has delivered throughout human history? END
START which nonhumans are the messengers of god? END
START what mental state is the foundation of morality as described by the quran? END
START what finance-related acts are forbidden by the quran? END
START what is the name of the formal prayer proscribed by the quran? END
START which month is designated for fasting in the quran? END
START the quran uses a term that also means purification for what social act? END
START what physical state is the foundation of morality as described by the quran? END
START what finance-unrelated acts are forbidden by the quran? END
START what is the name of the informal prayer proscribed by the quran? END
START which month is no longer designated for fasting in the quran? END
START the quran uses a term that also means impurification for what social act? END
START which astrophysicist has written about the ways the quran encourages scientific thinking? END
START verse 2:111 of the quran supports which aspect of scientific thought and practice? END
START whose scholarship on the concept of proof in the quran does guessoum cite? END
START which philosopher believed the quran had a rational and empirical basis like science? END
START which astrobiologist has written about the ways the quran encourages scientific thinking? END
START which astrophysicist has written about the ways the quran discourages scientific thinking? END
START verse 2:111 of the quran supports which aspect of nonscientific thought and practice? END
START whose scholarship on the concept of proof in the quran doesn't guessoum cite? END
START which philosopher believed the quran had a irrational and empirical basis like science? END
START nature and its phenomena are mentioned in approximately how many of the quran's verses? END
START al-battani is an example of a muslim scientist who drew inspiration from which text? END
START who recommended science as a way to achieve the goals of the quran? END
START who argued that the quran inspired the first practitioners of the scientific method we use today? END
START al-biruni is a example of a scientists of which religion? END
START nature and its phenomena aren't mentioned in approximately how many of the quran's verses? END
START al-battani is an example of a muslim scientist who rejected inspiration from which text? END
START who rejected science as a way to achieve the goals of the quran? END
START who argued that the quran inspired the last practitioners of the scientific method we use today? END
START al-biruni is a example of a artist of which religion? END
START which physicist quoted the quran in his address after receiving the nobel prize? END
START which verse from the quran did abdus salam quote at his nobel banquet? END
START which two muslim scientists did salam celebrate as inventors of empirical methods? END
START salam suggests physics and science be kept separate from which topics which are more suited to religion? END
START which biologist quoted the quran in his address after receiving the nobel prize? END
START which verse from the quran didn't abdus salam quote at his nobel banquet? END
START which two muslim scientists did salam celebrate as inventors of unempirical methods? END
START salam suggests physics and science be kept together from which topics which are more suited to religion? END
START salam suggests physics and science be kept separate from which topics which are less suited to religion? END
START what description of the writing in the quran highlights its poetic aspect? END
START which suras in the quran are particularly rhythmic? END
START what often changes along with the rhyming of quranic verses? END
START which parts of the quran are the least poetic? END
START what description of the reading in the quran highlights its poetic aspect? END
START what description of the writing in the quran highlights its unpoetic aspect? END
START which suras in the quran are particularly non-rhythmic? END
START what often stays the same  along with the rhyming of quranic verses? END
START which parts of the quran are the most poetic? END
START what is lacking in the arrangement of the quranic text? END
START to which critic does michael sells refer on the subject of the quran's disorganization? END
START how does sells describe the quran's repetitiveness? END
START which scholar believes the quran's fragmentary writing style is an effective literary device for a prophetic message? END
START what is prominent in the arrangement of the quranic text? END
START to which critic does michael sells not refer on the subject of the quran's disorganization? END
START to which critic does michael sells refer on the subject of the quran's organization? END
START how does sells describe the quran's non-repetitiveness? END
START which scholar believes the quran's fragmentary writing style isn't an effective literary device for a prophetic message? END
START what metatextual character does stefan wild focus on in his discussion of the quran? END
START what quality does the quran claim in the different ways in which it refers to itself? END
START which term that the quran uses for itself means "news"? END
START the quran is more self-referential in which of its suras? END
START what metatextual character doesn't stefan wild focus on in his discussion of the quran? END
START what quality doesn't the quran claim in the different ways in which it refers to itself? END
START what quality does the quran claim in the same ways in which it refers to itself? END
START which term that the quran uses for itself doesn't mean "news"? END
START the quran is less self-referential in which of its suras? END
START what is the name of the activity of explaining what quranic verses mean? END
START who was the first practitioner of tafsir? END
START what is the arabic term for quranic exegesis? END
START who were 'ali ibn abi talib and 'abdullah ibn 'abbas? END
START what is the name of the activity of not explaining what quranic verses mean? END
START who was the last practitioner of tafsir? END
START who was the first rejecter of tafsir? END
START what isn't the arabic term for quranic exegesis? END
START who weren't 'ali ibn abi talib and 'abdullah ibn 'abbas? END
START in which language is the quran recited? END
START what is the arabic term for the cancellation of one part of the quran by another? END
START what is the name of the ahmadiyya muslim community's published quran commentary? END
START in which language is the tafseer e kabir written? END
START what is the term for earlier portions of the quran that may have been superseded by later parts? END
START in which language is the quran unrecited? END
START in which language isn't the quran recited? END
START what is the arabic term for the continuation of one part of the quran by another? END
START what is the name of the ahmadiyya jewish community's published quran commentary? END
START what is the term for later portions of the quran that may have been superseded by earlier parts? END
START what is another term for sufi quranic interpretation? END
START what arabic word describes the aspects of quranic verses that sufism tries to push beyond? END
START sands says sufi interpretations tend to use which literary device rather than direct explanation? END
START what is an arabic term for allusions? END
START what is another term for sufi quranic misinterpretation? END
START what isn't another term for sufi quranic interpretation? END
START what arabic word describes the aspects of biblical verses that sufism tries to push beyond? END
START sands says sufi interpretations tend to use which literary device rather than indirect explanation? END
START what isn't an arabic term for allusions? END
START beloved is a term for god used by which style of quranic interpretation? END
START which quranic verse describes moses' encounter with god at the mountain? END
START in sufi thought, what experiences bring one closer to truth? END
START who wrote that moses had lost the moses in himself along the way to his encounter with god? END
START beloved is a term for god used by which style of quranic misinterpretation? END
START beloved is a term for god used by which style of biblical interpretation? END
START which biblical verse describes moses' encounter with god at the mountain? END
START in sufi thought, what experiences bring one farther from the truth? END
START who wrote that moses had found the moses in himself along the way to his encounter with god? END
START who was an important esoteric interpreter of the quran in the 11th century? END
START what is the english name of sulami's major work? END
START in which language did maybudi write? END
START in which year did the poet rumi die? END
START which sufi commentator wrote the spirit of elucidation? END
START who was an important esoteric interpreter of the quran in the 10th century? END
START what is the english name of sulami's minor work? END
START in which language did maybudi not write? END
START in which year didn't the poet rumi die? END
START which sufi commentator read the spirit of elucidation? END
START what is the arabic term for the surface-level aspects of a text? END
START what arabic term applies to interpretations aimed at the deeper, esoteric meanings of a text? END
START who is the only one who ever knows the full meaning of quranic verses in the esoteric view? END
START which two groups are examples of muslims who advocate a very literal reading of the quran? END
START what is the jewish term for the surface-level aspects of a text? END
START what is the arabic term for the surface-level aspects of a song? END
START what arabic term applies to misinterpretations aimed at the deeper, esoteric meanings of a text? END
START who is the only one who ever knows the partial meaning of quranic verses in the esoteric view? END
START which two groups are examples of muslims who advocate a very unliteral reading of the quran? END
START in which language was the quran first translated? END
START which work did scribes from khorasan translate in the 10th century? END
START whose student wrote a persian tafsir of the quran in the 11th century? END
START who wrote a persian translation of the quran in the 12th century? END
START to which dynasty did the king who commissioned the first translation of quranic texts belong? END
START in which language was the quran last translated? END
START which work did scribes from khorasan translate in the 11th century? END
START whose student wrote a persian tafsir of the quran in the 10th century? END
START who wrote a persian translation of the quran in the 11th century? END
START to which dynasty did the king who commissioned the last translation of quranic texts belong? END
START in which year was the quran first translated into a western language? END
START who completed the first latin version of the quran? END
START whose french translation of the quran was the model for the first english version? END
START which organization offers versions of the quran in 50 languages? END
START in which language was alexander ross' version of the quran published in 1649? END
START in which year was the quran last translated into a western language? END
START who completed the last latin version of the quran? END
START whose french translation of the quran was the model for the last english version? END
START which organization offers versions of the quran in 60 languages? END
START in which language was alexander ross' version of the quran published in 1694? END
START what discipline concerns the way the quran is correctly recited? END
START tajwid deals with what aspect of the phonemes in the quran? END
START tajwid describes rules for what noiseless aspect of articulating quranic verses? END
START rhythm is an example of which features of quranic recitation covered by tajwid? END
START what discipline concerns the way the quran is incorrectly recited? END
START what discipline concerns the way the quran is correctly unrecited? END
START tajwid describes rules for what noiseless aspect of inarticulating quranic verses? END
START tajwid deals with what aspect of the phonemes in the bible? END
START rhythm is an example of which features of quranic recitation uncovered by tajwid? END
START the absence of which language feature made early quranic recitation more diverse? END
START which baghdad scholar identified justified seven different quranic readings? END
START which recitation is the original basis of the quran of cairo? END
START which century produced the seven readings selected by ibn mujāhid? END
START which city corresponds to asim's recitation of the quran? END
START the absence of which language feature made later quranic recitation more diverse? END
START which baghdad scholar identified unjustified seven different quranic readings? END
START which recitation is the later basis of the quran of cairo? END
START which century produced the eight readings selected by ibn mujāhid? END
START which city doesn't correspond to asim's recitation of the quran? END
START who created quranic manuscripts before the 19th century? END
START what is the name of the thicker-stroked writing used for the quran beginning in the 9th century? END
START which was the most widely used script by copyists in the 11th century? END
START where was the maghribi script most commonly used by quran copyists? END
START which script was only used to copy the quran by people in northern india? END
START who created quranic manuscripts before the 18th century? END
START what is the name of the thicker-stroked writing used for the quran beginning in the 8th century? END
START which was the most widely used script by copyists in the 10th century? END
START where was the maghribi script least commonly used by quran copyists? END
START which script was never used to copy the quran by people in northern india? END
START in which century were vocalization marking added to the quran? END
START where were quran copies kept for those who could not afford their own? END
START what are the parts of the quran called that are 30 in total? END
START which group of quran copyists produced the most in-demand manuscripts? END
START in which century were vocalization marking taken from the quran? END
START where were quran copies kept for those who could afford their own? END
START where weren't quran copies kept for those who could not afford their own? END
START what are the parts of the quran called that are 33 in total? END
START which group of quran copyists produced the least in-demand manuscripts? END
START which biblical character is the most often mentioned person in the quran? END
START who has claimed that christians and jews had heard and discussed the quran before it took on its standardized arabic form? END
START which older language is thought to strongly resemble that of the quran? END
START which relative of jesus appears more often in the quran than the new testament? END
START what do devout muslims believe is the reason for the overlap of events and characters in the bible and quran? END
START which biblical character is the least often mentioned person in the quran? END
START who hasn't claimed that christians and jews had heard and discussed the quran before it took on its standardized arabic form? END
START which older language is thought to weakly resemble that of the quran? END
START which relative of jesus appears less often in the quran than the new testament? END
START what do devout muslims believe is the reason for no overlap of events and characters in the bible and quran? END
START what are the two type of ta'wil? END
START which type of esoteric interpretation involves a transfer by proof of a verse's meaning? END
START the implicit meaning of a quranic verse that is known fully only by god is which type of ta'wil? END
START what are the three type of ta'wil? END
START what aren't the two type of ta'wil? END
START which type of esoteric misinterpretation involves a transfer by proof of a verse's meaning? END
START which type of unesoteric interpretation involves a transfer by proof of a verse's meaning? END
START the explicit meaning of a quranic verse that is known fully only by god is which type of ta'wil? END
START who had begun memorizing muhammad's revelations in his lifetime? END
START what was done to the quranic text early in its history leaving few markedly different variants? END
START which which university is fred donner affiliated? END
START the quran is widely accepted by historians to contain a relatively accurate record of whose words? END
START who had begun forgetting muhammad's revelations in his lifetime? END
START what was done to the quranic text late in its history leaving few markedly different variants? END
START what was done to the quranic text early in its history leaving few markedly same variants? END
START which which university isn't fred donner affiliated? END
START the quran is widely rejected by historians to contain a relatively accurate record of whose words? END
START what physical symptom accompanied muhammad's revelations? END
START what measure of distance described the nearness of the angel's approach to mohammad? END
START in which work did welch express his belief that mohammad's physical reaction to the revelation was historically accurate?  END
START which people would mohammad's critics have compared him to at the time? END
START what mental symptom accompanied muhammad's revelations? END
START what measure of time described the nearness of the angel's approach to mohammad? END
START in which work did welch express his belief that mohammad's physical reaction to the revelation was historically inaccurate?  END
START which people wouldn't mohammad's critics have compared him to at the time? END
START which people would mohammad's critics haven't compared him to at the time? END
START what can interpretation find that lies the behind the apparent events referred to in a quranic story? END
START what was the original meaning of ta'wil? END
START what philosophical term corresponds to the type of interpretation in ta'wil? END
START what can misinterpretation find that lies the behind the apparent events referred to in a quranic story? END
START what can interpretation find that lies the behind the inapparent events referred to in a quranic story? END
START what was the final meaning of ta'wil? END
START what wasn't the original meaning of ta'wil? END
START what biographical term corresponds to the type of interpretation in ta'wil? END
START who do shia muslims believe can approach quranic truths besides god and muhammad? END
START according to shia muslims, who is the only one who can fully know the a quranic interpretation? END
START how must god have treated those who are qualified to know quranic sectets? END
START who do shia muslims believe can approach quranic falsehoods besides god and muhammad? END
START who do sunni muslims believe can approach quranic truths besides god and muhammad? END
START according to sunni muslims, who is the only one who can fully know the a quranic interpretation? END
START according to shia muslims, who is the only one who can never know the a quranic interpretation? END
START how must god have treated those who are unqualified to know quranic sectets? END
START during the period from 1989 - 1996, what was the total are of the us in miles? END
START according to the cia world factbook, what is the total area of the us in miles? END
START according to the encyclopedia britannica, what is the total area of the us in miles? END
START the total square miles of land only in the united states was 9,372,610 km² during what time period? END
START currently the world encyclopedia mileage of the united states is what? END
START what encyclopedia includes both the great lakes and coastal waters in the united states square mileage? END
START these sources consider overseas territories all fifty states and what? END
START compared to other countries, how large is the us? END
START which country is the worlds fourth largest? END
START who may also be the third largest country? END
START by land area only the united states is slightly larger or smaller than what other country? END
START china and the united states are larger than russia and what other country in total area? END
START my total area land and water whether the united states is the third-largest country depends on what? END
START since the initial publication of the world factbook guinness has done what? END
START brazil is larger than what other two countries? END
START who does the us share land borders with? END
START who does the us share water borders with in the northwest? END
START how many contiguous states are there? END
START which ocean does alaska border to the south? END
START united states shares land borders with russia canada and what other country? END
START the contiguous forty-eight states are bound by the pacific on the east and what ocean on the west? END
START what state borders the bearing straight on the east? END
START hawaii lays far to the north east in what ocean? END
START the gulf of mexico lies to the southwest of what country? END
START what is the capital city of the us? END
START which us state donated washington, d.c.? END
START what are the us territories overseas located in the pacific? END
START which us state also donated territory to washington, d.c., but had it returned? END
START what is the capital state of the united states? END
START the district of columbia is on land donated by what two states? END
START what are the uninhabited territories the us has in the pacific? END
START us territories of puerto rico virgin islands and cuba are located where? END
START how many great lakes form a border with canada? END
START which of the great lakes is entirely located in us territory? END
START which major river is located west of the appalachian mountains? END
START what type of land makes up the ohio and tennessee valleys? END
START which section of the us contains subtropical forests and mangrove wetlands? END
START the five great lakes formal border with what country? END
START which great lake is located entirely outside of us territory? END
START which major river is located east of the appalachian mountains END
START what are the two large western tributaries of the mississippi river? END
START which section of the us contains tropical forests and mangrove wetlands? END
START what area is located in between the mississippi river and the rocky mountains? END
START in which area are a large number of the country's agricultural products grown? END
START how high does elevation rise in the great plains? END
START what is the only major mountain ranged located between the appalachian mountains and the rocky mountains? END
START what area is located between the mississippi river and the appellation mountains?  END
START a small portion of the countries what is grown in the great plains?  END
START the elevation of what is more than a mile high near the mississippi river? END
START what are the only mountains between the rocky mountains and appellation mountains? END
START before being converted to grassland the great plains were known for what? END
START which northern country do the rocky mountains begin at? END
START which northern country do the rocky mountains terminate at? END
START in the us, which region is the highest by elevation? END
START in which state are the highest peaks of the rocky mountains found? END
START where did the great plains come to a gradual and at? END
START the appellation mountains are the highest region of what? END
START what mountains generally contain steep slopes and narrow peaks? END
START the lowes peak of the rockies is found in what state? END
START what is a low speak of the rockies? END
START what is the name of the plateau that lies west of the rocky mountains? END
START what is the name of the large southern portion of the intermontane plateaus? END
START what type of flats compose the great basin? END
START what region is centered around the four corners? END
START what is the name of the plateau that lies east of the rocky mountains? END
START a large semi arid desert lies between rockies and what? END
START the large northern portion is known as what? END
START the south east is predominantly what? END
START what is the name of the range where the intermontane plateaus end? END
START what type of mountains compose the cascades? END
START which mountain range contains mount whitney? END
START what is the largest point in the sierra nevadas? END
START how tall is mount whitney? END
START what is the name of the range where theintermontane plateau begins? END
START the cascades consist largely of overlapping what? END
START what is the name of the high gentle dense mountain range? END
START what mountain range contains the lowest point in a contagious forty-eight states END
START the highest point in north america is and what basin? END
START what are two national parks located in the mountainous regions? END
START what is the name of the famous valley located in california? END
START what is the name of the famous valley located in oregon? END
START what are the low mountain ranges that are located along the pacific coast called? END
START what are the tallest trees in the world? END
START what two national parks are located on the planes? END
START east of the cascades sierra nevada is a series of what? END
START what is the name of the high mountain range along the coast? END
START what are the skinniest trees in the world? END
START why does the appalachian highland have the terrain it does? END
START during what geological period did the appalachian mountains reach their highest formation point? END
START what is the name of the mountaneous region along the atlantic cost.  END
START the atlantic coast of what country is high with minor exceptions? END
START what made to see advance on the land in the southeasternappalachian? END
START what kind of deformation created in northwest southeast trend in the appalachian END
START during what geological. that the appalachian mountains reach their lowest point END
START the of appalachian mountains are low today because of modern what? END
START what originally covered the east coast of the appalachians? END
START what are the two branches of the cordilleran system? END
START which two major rivers are located in the cordilleran system? END
START which region of the appalachians is the most arid? END
START what system is relatively high and wide? END
START the appalachian system is bordered on the southwest and south by what? END
START the cordilleran system on the eastern side of the continent is what? END
START what has three branches including the rocky mountains system? END
START light force cover what coast? END
START what is one of the two major highlands that stretch from the gulf of mexico to the arctic ocean? END
START how far north do the interior highlands reach? END
START which two nations are the central plains divided in? END
START where does the mississippi discharge? END
START what is the name of the three highlands that stretched from the gulf of mexico to the arctic ocean? END
START the lower mississippi and some of the ohio basin are what type of region? END
START originally trees covered all of what? END
START what highland stop at the national boundary? END
START the ohio river discharges where? END
START what is the climate like in the southern united states? END
START hawaii has what type of climate? END
START which state is known for its mediterranean climate? END
START what contributed to the rise of the us as a world power? END
START what is the climate like in most areas of the us? END
START the southwestern part of what country is subtropical END
START hawaii and what other state or subtropical? END
START the great plains are erred west of what meridian? END
START the united states favorable agricultural climate hindered what? END
START the united states has frequent droughts and widespread what? END
START which areas have arid regions? END
START what is the precipitation average in the intermontane plateaus? END
START in the southwest, how high do temperatures get? END
START during which months are portions of the us affected by the monsoon from the gulf of california? END
START what type of weather do monsoons bring? END
START the great basin and what other region are semiarid? END
START the cascade sierra nevada receive how much precipitation on average END
START south-central united states is a hot desert with temperatures exceeding what? END
START the southeast and great basin are affected by what? END
START monsoons bring widespread what to the region? END
START what is the most prevalent type of climate ncalifornia? END
START during what time of the year does california receive the most rainfall? END
START which region of the us experiences rain year round? END
START which region in the us is also one of the most snowiest places in the world? END
START how many inches of snow do regions of the cascades receive? END
START california has little rainfall and what type of climate? END
START california receives the least amount of rainfall during what months? END
START the what mountains receive little precipitation and light snowfall?  END
START what mountain range averages under 600 inches of snow year? END
START which mountainous region receives the highest snowfall on earth? END
START which mountain in washington receives the most amount of snowfall? END
START what is the record amount of snowfall at mount rainer? END
START in what year did mount rainer receive a record amount of snowfall? END
START the sierra nevadas are located near which lake? END
START on average the mountains of the western states receive the lowest levels of what? END
START the lowest annual snowfall level is on what mountain? END
START mount baker had the highest recorded snowfall and how many inches? END
START in what year did mount baker receive the highest recorded snowfall? END
START other places significant snowfall in the cascade range or what? END
START which regions in the east receives the most amount of snowfall? END
START which region of the us receives the most amount of rainfall? END
START what is the average amount of rainfall that the quinault rainforest in washington receives? END
START which state receives an average of 460 inches of rainfall per year? END
START what is the name of the desert that is located in the driest region in the us? END
START which region of the east receives the least amount of snowfall? END
START which region of the us receives the least amount of rainfall END
START was named the rain force in oregon? END
START what state receives an average of 400 inches of rainfall per year? END
START what is the name of the joys desert in the world? END
START where are tornadoes most common on earth? END
START during which seasons are tornados most common? END
START which regions experience the worst flooding in the us? END
START which region experiences the worst droughts in the us? END
START what type of disasters affects the western us every year? END
START where tornadoes least common on earth? END
START what are most common in the summer and fall? END
START destructive hurricanes occur along the west coast and where else? END
START the northwest and what other region experienced the worst flooding in the us? END
START what disaster affects the southwest every year? END
START the great mississippi occurred during what year? END
START what fuels wildfires and causes them to spread in the west? END
START what type of storms can cause most activity to stop? END
START what is the name of the event that caused major flooding in the western us? END
START what is the name of the major event that caused flooding in the eastern united states? END
START the mississippi did not flood during what year? END
START the narrow canyons of many mounds can lead to what? END
START what type of storms occur all over the east coast? END
START what is the area in the pacific known for heavy volcanic activity? END
START the pacific ring of fire contains what percentage of the earthquakes on earth? END
START which hawaiin volcano has been erupting since 1983? END
START when was the last time that the hawaiin islands experienced a life threatening volcanic eruption? END
START what year did mt st. helens erupt causing devastating damage? END
START what volcano erupted in 1990? END
START what is the source of 80% of the world's earthquakes? END
START what hawaiian volcano has been erupting since 1985? END
START when was the first time the hawaiian islands experienced a life-threatening volcanic eruption? END
START the american southwest sees the highest concentration of what? END
START when did audio cds become available for purchase? END
START what does cd stand for? END
START what were cd's originally created to store? END
START what does svcd stand for? END
START in what year were compact discs realesed for purchase? END
START what was the original intended format for cds? END
START what year were cds changed so that they could store data? END
START what does rom in cd-rom stand for? END
START which was released first; cd-r or cd-rw? END
START who created the cd? END
START what does cd-i stand for? END
START in what year were digital and physical music sales the same? END
START how many cds had been distrubuted worldwide by 2007? END
START what percent decrease did audio cd sales experience? END
START how many cds had been distrubuted around the world by 2007? END
START in 2004 how many cds had been sold around the world? END
START what year did digital media begin to replace cds? END
START how many cds had been sold in the us by 2007? END
START in what year did cd sales peak? END
START why are cd sales doing better than digital storage services? END
START how have cd sales changed internationally? END
START who created compact disc prototypes in the 1970s? END
START how lond did the creation of red book cd-da standard take? END
START how many cd players were sold in the united states in their first year? END
START what did the cd evolve from? END
START what made it possible for cds to be played on any companies cd player? END
START to what does the compact disc owe its prosperity? END
START what year did cd players become available for purchase? END
START which company created the cd first? END
START how many cd players sold in 1984? END
START what year was the laserdisc created? END
START how long was the red book cd-da in print? END
START how were customers disadvantaged by the philips and sony merger? END
START in what year did philips institute a laboratory to create a digital audio disc? END
START what was the proposed diameter for the original compact disc? END
START what year did philips propse the idea of a digital audio format? END
START who was the director of the philips audio division in 1974? END
START what philips engineer recommended a digital format? END
START what was the 20cm diameter based on? END
START what year was the digital audio disc released? END
START how many engineer recommended the 11.5 cm diameter? END
START who was the director of philips by 1977? END
START where was the 62nd aes convention held? END
START who was the general manger of sony's audio department in 1971? END
START what year did sony first exhibit the use of an optical digital audio disc? END
START where was the philips introduce compact disc conference held? END
START what did nakajima's team use to create a digital pcm adaptor audio tape recorder? END
START when did sony release it's aes technical paper? END
START what japanese city is nhk located in? END
START who was sony's general manager in 1970? END
START when was the betamax video recorder created? END
START how many minutes could sony's 1976 optical digital disk play? END
START what was the sampling rate of philips' 1979 optical digital dic? END
START in what year did sony and philips band together to design a new digital audio disc? END
START what year was the red book cd-da standard released? END
START when did the iec isntigate the red book cd-da as an international standard? END
START who headed the 1979 sony and philips digital audio disc task force? END
START which company did kees schouhamer immink work for? END
START what did the team create five years after joining? END
START what does iec stand for? END
START who wrote the amendments in 1996? END
START what did cd-da stand for? END
START who first sold a million copies on cd? END
START which artist was the first to have their full catalogue converted to cd? END
START what year was the dire straits album brothers in arms released? END
START how many cds were mass produced in 1988? END
START how many studio albums did david bowie release in february 1985? END
START what does rom stand for? END
START what year did sony and philips release cd-recordable? END
START what year was the 73rd aes convention? END
START what was the cds predecessor? END
START when was the gramophone released? END
START what was the problem with recordable cds? END
START when was the dvd first released? END
START who created the dvd and blu-ray discs? END
START who created the gramophone? END
START what portion of music sales did cds and dvds account for in the united states as of 2012? END
START which country attributes over 80 percent of its music sales to physical formats? END
START how are mp3s compressed? END
START when did cd sales experience their original decline? END
START what has caused a decrease in cd sales? END
START in what year did cds have an unusual spike in sales? END
START what percentage of music sales do mp3s make up? END
START how are cds compressed? END
START by what percentage have diy and independent cds increased? END
START when did mp3 sales take off in japan? END
START how are cds mass produced? END
START what type of material is used to make cds? END
START what size is the diameter of the center hole in a cd? END
START how long does it take to stamp out one cd? END
START what is the term for the center hole in a cd? END
START how large is the screw that forces the plastic into the cavity? END
START how long does it take the plastic to cool? END
START what is the robotic arm called? END
START what is a hydraulic press made out of? END
START what closes the mold? END
START what materials can be used to make the reflective layer on a cd? END
START what type of light is used to cure cds? END
START what is a glass master? END
START how are glass masters created? END
START what is the clear blank side made out of? END
START what is used to apply the reflecting layer to the clear layer? END
START how is a cd writer made? END
START how is a positive image made of the cd made? END
START how are the pits and lands made? END
START what is the term for a negative image of the glass master? END
START how is the positive image on a cd protected?  END
START how is lacquer distrubted on a cd? END
START what is the name of the positive image? END
START what is liquid is applied to the blank cd? END
START how much edge protection lacquer is needed for the finished disc? END
START how is the physical image placed on the blank cd? END
START what is the priciest component of a cd? END
START why did the cost of audio music increase when the production costs decreased? END
START what did cds retail for in 1995? END
START who received the most profit from the sale of cds? END
START how much did a jewel case cost in 1995? END
START why were successive formats less expensive than their predecessors? END
START when did apple place mp3s on the market? END
START what was the wholesale cost of a cassette tape? END
START what was the most expensive part of an mp3? END
START what percentage of an mp3 does apple receive? END
START how long are cds expected to last? END
START what can cause sudden disc degradation? END
START are cds meant for permanent or temporary use? END
START what can the aluminium on a disc cause reading errors? END
START why does disc rot allow cd-rs to last for years? END
START why are cd-rs considered temporary? END
START what company discovered disc rot? END
START what type of environment is best for a cd-r? END
START what does scms stand for? END
START what does drm stand for? END
START what does ahra stand for? END
START what type of cd is intended to be used in a consumer audio cd recorder? END
START which is less expensive, the rewritable audio cd or a cd-rw? END
START what plays standard cd-rw discs without changes? END
START what royalties does a cd-rw have? END
START what year was the digital rights management published? END
START what is the international standard for home recordings? END
START why is the cd-rw more expensive than the rewritable cd? END
START how fast could the first rewritable cd be written? END
START which cd has writing speeds betwen 4x and 12x? END
START how fast can ultra speed+ cds write? END
START how fast can ultra speed cds write? END
START what has only a 1x write speed? END
START which type of cd-rw cannot be read on a cd drive? END
START does a high speed cd-rw drive write faster on rewriteable cds or high speed rewritable cds? END
START which rewriteable cd is most common? END
START why was the original rewriteable cd written only at speeds faster than 4x? END
START where is the semiconductor laser found in a cd player? END
START what wavelenght is used to pull data from a cd? END
START in what pattern is data stored on a cd? END
START what is used to discern the change of intensity in light on a cd? END
START what createds the change in light reflected off of a cd? END
START how long is the swing arm? END
START how many layers of polycarbonate are there? END
START why is the data arranged in a spiral pattern? END
START where is the photodiode? END
START what does the width of a pit indicate? END
START what type of encoding do cds implement? END
START where can one find the encoding techniques for cds? END
START what type of result from a cd will return a one? END
START what type of modulation is implemented when a disc is mastered? END
START how many ones are there between each zero? END
START what decodes the eight-to-fourteen modulation? END
START what is reed-solomon coding? END
START who designed the cd digital audio coding techniques? END
START what does a land represent? END
START where can one expect to find damage on a disc? END
START how are scratches on a cd fixed? END
START what eats at the plastic and aluminum found in cds? END
START where does the fungus geotrichum candidum originate from? END
START where is polycarbonate plastic created? END
START what are lands closer to? END
START how are scratches on the labeled side of a disc fixed? END
START what causes edges of cds to be incorrectly sealed? END
START where is the metal reflective layer located? END
START where is the start of data on a cd? END
START what size cd is most frequently used? END
START what is the size of a mini cd? END
START what is the size of a maxi single? END
START who was the sony executive in 1980? END
START who named the maxi single? END
START how many minutes does a super audio cd hold? END
START when were mini-cds released? END
START why are cds limited to one size? END
START when was the london philharmonic orchestra's recording of the ninth symphony created? END
START where does the red book get it's name from? END
START what is the formal name for a cd?  END
START do cds have a two or four channel format? END
START what format has never been implemented on cds? END
START what was the sampling rate for the four-channel sound? END
START when was four-channel sound implemented? END
START what is the red book format for monaural audio? END
START what is the official name of the red book? END
START what is the pcm for an mp3 mono sound chanel? END
START what is the primary use of compact disc + graphics? END
START how is graphics information read from a cd+ graphics? END
START which channels does the cd+g use to hold graphics data? END
START why can a cd+g not play on an audio cd player? END
START how many bits does a normal cd use? END
START why are cd-g players not useful for karaoke? END
START what channels does a normal cd use? END
START how much video can a cd-r contain? END
START which has better resolution, a vcd or svcd? END
START how are lengthy videos fit onto svcds? END
START what is the maximum amount of video a svcd can properly hold? END
START how much can a vcd hold? END
START why is there a video length limit on svcd? END
START what is the kilobit rate for a dvd? END
START how does a vcn compare to a dvd? END
START why is it difficult to put more than 60 minutes on a dvd? END
START who created photo cds? END
START when were photo cds initially released? END
START how many images could photo cds initially contain? END
START what type of paper can photo cd images be produced on? END
START in what book are photo cd standards defined? END
START when was the beige book published? END
START how many photos does the cd-rom xa hold? END
START who invented cd-i players? END
START why can't photo cds work on any computer? END
START when was the kodak picture cd released? END
START when did record companies first attempt to protect their cds from copying? END
START who said that protected cds are not allowed to carry the cdda logo? END
START where does the red book mention copy protection? END
START when was the "anti-copy" subcode written in the red book? END
START who created the anti-protection systems software? END
START when was the compact disc digital audio logo copyrighted? END
START what devices do standard cds not play on? END
START why does philips want non-standard discs to have the trademarked logo? END
START what is the use of a transistor? END
START what is a transistor made of? END
START what is the minimum amount of external connection terminals to call an item a transistor? END
START why does a transistor increase a signal? END
START where are most transistors found? END
START what is an integrated circuit used for? END
START where are most semiconductor devices found? END
START what are integrated circuits made of? END
START how many transistors are embedded in most integrated circuits? END
START what controls how strong a signal is? END
START when was the first transistor created? END
START who invented the first transistor? END
START when was the first transistor implemented for practical use? END
START when did the implementers receive a nobel prize for making the transistor? END
START what list is the transistor on? END
START when were smaller, cheaper radios introduced? END
START what besides the transistor is on the ieee list of milestones in electronics? END
START what did julius lilienfeld receive for inventing the transistor? END
START who was the first person to use transistors in calculators?  END
START why were transistors in 1947 easier to practically implement than transistors in 1926? END
START when was the thermionic triode invented? END
START what was the purpose of the thermionic triode? END
START who filed a patent for the field-effect transistor? END
START where did lilienfeld file his patent? END
START what year did lilienfeld file his patent? END
START where did oskar heil file a patent? END
START how long would it take for a practical field-effect transistor be built? END
START why did oskar heil invent a device similar to lilienfeld's? END
START why were field-effect transistors not practical without high quality semiconductor materials? END
START where was the thermionic triode invented? END
START at what time did bardeen and brattain experiment on increasing signal output? END
START what were gold contacts attached to to increase signal output? END
START who was the solid state physics group leader? END
START who came up with the term transistor? END
START why was the term transistor used? END
START when did lawyers at bell labs find lilienfeld's patents? END
START who thought of the term semiconductor? END
START how many patents did lilienfeld file? END
START when was the term transistor first used? END
START where was the biography of john bardeen written? END
START in what year was the point-contact transistor invented? END
START who invented the point-contact transistor? END
START where were matare and welker working when inventing the point-contact transistor? END
START what was the name of matare and welker's transistor? END
START what was the transistron used for? END
START what were matare and welker's transistors made of? END
START when did heinrich welker start researching electronics? END
START when did matare and welker realize that bell labs had invented a transistor? END
START where were the "transistrons" produced? END
START who was in charge of france's telephone network? END
START how many transistors make up a logic gate? END
START how many transistors make up a microprocessor? END
START how many transistors were made in 2002? END
START how many individually packaged transistors are produced each year? END
START what are some abbreviations for integrated circuits? END
START how many integrated circuits are produced every year? END
START how many men, women, and children are on earth? END
START how many logic gates are in a microchip? END
START what produces electronic components? END
START where are transistors being produced? END
START why is a transistor so useful? END
START what is gain? END
START what is an additional use of the transistor? END
START what determines the amount of current in an electrically controlled switch? END
START what controls how strong the output signal is? END
START where are transistors located? END
START how large is a transistor in comparison to a terminal? END
START what does a signal become when the transistor does not work properly? END
START where would an electrically controlled switch be located? END
START how many types of transistors are there? END
START what are the components of a bipolar transistor? END
START what controls the large current between the collector and emitter? END
START what are the components of a field-effect transistor? END
START in a field-effect transistor, what controls the current between the source and drain? END
START why would someone use a bipolar transistor instead of a field-effect transistor? END
START what is the most common kind of transistor? END
START what controls the voltage at the gate of a field-effect transistor? END
START where is the collector terminal located? END
START where is the gate terminal located? END
START why does the collector voltage drop in grounded-emitter transistor circuits? END
START what would happen if the voltage difference from collector and emitter were zero? END
START what is the term for a zero difference between collector and emitter? END
START why is the term saturation named as such? END
START what position is the switch in when saturated? END
START what causes reduced resistance from collector to emitter? END
START why does "current" have that name? END
START what changes the most in a grounded-emitter transistor circuit? END
START what is the load resistance in a light bulb? END
START what changes the amount of supply voltage? END
START what is a major problem with using bipolar transistors as switches? END
START what does the transistor provide? END
START what determines the current ratio in transistors? END
START if the type of transistor is the same what determines the current ratio? END
START what controls how much gain a transistor provides? END
START how much current is needed to saturate a light-switch? END
START what determines how much collector current there is? END
START what fluctuates the most in a transistor? END
START how are parameters chosen in a switching circuit? END
START what is a switching circuit trying to simulate when on? END
START what is a switching circuit trying to simulate when off? END
START how quickly does the change from open circuit to short circuit happen? END
START what might stop a switch from transitioning quickly?  END
START what can help a switch work more efficiently? END
START what kind of circuit has the least amount of resistance? END
START what kind of circuit has the most resistance? END
START when is a circuit most likely to fail? END
START what gives bipolar transistors their name? END
START what was the first mass-produced transistor? END
START what is the bipolar junction transistor a combination of? END
START what is the name for a layer of p-type semiconductor set between two n-type semiconductors? END
START what is the name for a layer of n-type semiconductor set between two p-type semiconductors? END
START what kind of transistor is used the most? END
START where do junction diodes get their name? END
START what is the most common type of bipolar transistor? END
START how are bipolar transistors mass produced? END
START how many terminals do bjts have? END
START how many layers of semiconductor do bjts have? END
START what are the layers of semiconductor in a bjt? END
START how can one find the amount of collector current? END
START what is the usual collector current for small-signal transistors? END
START why is the base of a bjt narrow? END
START where are bjt amplifiers most commonly used? END
START what controls how many electrons are injected into the base region? END
START how many electrons are injected into the base region? END
START what determines the conductivity in a fet? END
START what controls the current between the drain and source? END
START at what rate is the drain-source current increased when the gate-source current is increased? END
START where is a quadratic behavior not observed? END
START what controls the voltage applied between the gate and the source terminals? END
START why is quadratic behavior not observed in modern devices? END
START where does current fluctuate the most? END
START how quickly does the voltage increase? END
START how many groups are fets split into? END
START what are the names of the groups of fets END
START what is the common term for an ifget? END
START how is a jfet different from an igfet? END
START what mode do both jfet and igfet operate in? END
START what is a vacuum tube triode made from? END
START what controls the amount of input voltage? END
START how many layers of metal are in the gate of an igfet? END
START what kind of fet is mass produced? END
START how are fet's separated? END
START at what point is a channel off in enhancement-mode? END
START at what point is a channel on in depletion-mode? END
START what channel corresponds with high current? END
START what channel corresponds with low current? END
START what type of fet is more common? END
START what controls how positive the gate voltage is? END
START what controls the gate potential of a fet? END
START what type of fet usually has a higher voltage? END
START what was the most frequently used transistor in the 1960s and 70s? END
START why were bjts so popular? END
START what are some applications of discrete mosfets? END
START what were the most popular digital circuits of the time? END
START when did mosfets become widely available? END
START what are the desirable properties of mosfets? END
START what was the most common application of mosfets? END
START which type of circuit is older? END
START what kind of circuit is used more in the present? END
START what is the pro electron standard? END
START how many letters does the part numbering scheme begin with? END
START what is the first letter in the part numbering scheme? END
START what is the second letter in the part numbering scheme? END
START what follows the 2 letters in the part numbering scheme? END
START what is the most common semiconductor type? END
START what is the most common intended use for transistors? END
START what kinds of transistor are more likely to use a suffix? END
START what devices are more likely to have a code with a voltage rating? END
START what is the most common reason to have a suffix on a device's number? END
START what does the jedec eia370 transistor number start with? END
START what does the 2n is the jedec eia370 mean? END
START what follows the 2n in a jedec eia370? END
START what does a letter at the end of a device number mean? END
START what does the number 2n1301 indicate? END
START what were most early devices made from? END
START what is the most common amount of extra digits in a device number? END
START which devices usually have the shortest transistor device numbers? END
START what are most modern devices made from? END
START what is the most common letter suffix? END
START what was once an indicator of the devices creator? END
START what makes a manufacturer's prefix less reliable? END
START what is the marking for a 2n2222a in a plastic case? END
START what is a plastic version of a bc108? END
START what manufacturer creates the most devices? END
START what is the marking for a 2n108 in a plastic case? END
START what kind of case is most common? END
START how many naming schemes use an accurate manufacturer's prefix? END
START who decided what letters were in the manufacturer's prefixes? END
START what is the junction forward voltage? END
START what is the purpose of a junction forward voltage? END
START what is the ideal junction forward voltage? END
START why is the ideal junction forward voltage lower? END
START when happens to the junction forward voltage when temperature is raised? END
START what applies voltage to the emitter-base junction? END
START what are most bjts made of? END
START what are sensistors made of? END
START what kind of circuit needs special compensating elements the most? END
START what is quicker, a bipolar n-p-n transistor or a p-n-p transistor? END
START what semiconductor has the highest electron mobility? END
START what is the common application of gaas? END
START what does hemt stand for? END
START what are common applications of hemt? END
START what is the most common kind of semiconductor? END
START what causes hemts to have high speed and low noise? END
START which material has the highest electron mobility? END
START where are hemts most commonly used? END
START what is a discrete transistor? END
START what are the two most common types of transistor? END
START what is another name for the surface-mount transistor? END
START what is the newest surface-mount transistor? END
START what is a ball grid array composed of? END
START what is the most common type of transistor? END
START how many solder "balls" does a ball grid array have? END
START what is the most common type of semiconductor package? END
START what is the most important attribute for a transistor to have? END
START what is the oldest type of semiconductor package? END
START what did many people in the pre-modern era express their faith through? END
START what were religious officials perceived as in the pre-modern era? END
START through whom did the general masses have access to the divine? END
START what belief did ancient cultures consider sacred? END
START how were the moral standards of ancient cultures enforced? END
START peoples sense of worth was expressed through what in the pre-modern era? END
START who were spiritual intermediates?  END
START through who did the masses have access to the divine? END
START what belief was considered sacred by ancient civilizations? END
START what did social order mandate be strictly enforced? END
START what term was coined in the 16th century to indicate present time? END
START the term "modern" was derived from what latin adverb? END
START what caused the transition between the middle ages and early modern times? END
START in what country did the european renaissance start? END
START what two instruments were invented during the european renaissance? END
START what phrase was coined in the 16th century to reference recent times? END
START the phrase modern originated form what? END
START what did the european renaissance mark? END
START through what time period did the european renaissance last? END
START in what country did the european renaissance begin? END
START what term was created in the 1930's to separate the middle ages form the 1800's? END
START the 1800"s are referred to as? END
START what do the terms "early modern" and  'modern ages" originate from? END
START what are the terms "early modern" and "modern ages" used for i other countries? END
START when was the term "early modern" implemented into the english language? END
START what does the term "early modern" mean? END
START what time period is referred to as the late enlightenment? END
START where do the terms "middle ages" and "modern ages" originate from? END
START what are the terms "middle ages" and "modern ages" used for in other countries? END
START in what era were there many socio-technological trends? END
START the 21st century is refereed to as what? END
START what device was used most during the the information age? END
START what was a major concern for western civilization during the 21 century? END
START in what time were there many socio-technological trends? END
START what is the 21st century also known as? END
START what device was used most during 21st century? END
START what was considered a threat to western civilization? END
START who controlled the asian sphere during the period between 1600-1868? END
START what is the period between 1600-1868 referred to as? END
START what is the edo period also known as? END
START what is time is considered the "modern period" in korea? END
START name one of the tribes native americans established in the americas. END
START what two groups controlled the asian sphere? END
START what time is referred to as the edo period? END
START what is the 'early modern period" known as in japan? END
START name one of the tribes native americans formed in the americas? END
START name one of the reasons urbanization grew in china. END
START what did nanjing and beijing contribute to? END
START what are nanjing and beijing? END
START under what rule was china not isolated? END
START during the early ming dynasty chinese merchants explored all of what? END
START what caused urbanization to increase in china? END
START where did chinese merchants explore?  END
START what was founded after the fall of the ming? END
START the qing dynasty lasted through what time period? END
START what were the manchus originally known as? END
START why did the last ming emperor commit suicide? END
START who became allies with the manchus to seize control over beijing? END
START the qing dynasty formed after what event? END
START during what time period did the qing dynasty rule? END
START what were the manchus originally named? END
START who was beijing captured by in 1644? END
START who did the manchus make an ally with to seize control of beijing? END
START what was society based on during the tukugawa period? END
START strict class hierarchy was established by who? END
START what group were considered to be at the top of the strict class hierarchy? END
START how were taxes charged during the tukugawa period? END
START what effect did  having taxes charged at a fixed amount have on it's revenue? END
START what is the tokugawa period also known as? END
START what was society in  the tokugawa period based in? END
START what group was considered at the top of the strict class society? END
START how were taxes charged in the tokugawa period? END
START what effect did the way the taxes were charged have on it's revenue. END
START who ruled most of india in the early 18th century? END
START how did the "classic period" end? END
START who was behind the death off emperor aurangzeb? END
START where was the the maratha empire centralized? END
START what happened when the  maratha army lost the third battle of panipat? END
START who ruled most of india in the 18 century? END
START what event ended the "classic period"? END
START what caused the death of emperor auranzeb?  END
START where was the maratha empire centralized? END
START what caused the maratha empire to split in 1761? END
START what did the development of new imperialism cause? END
START when did the commercial colonization of india begin? END
START what happened n the battle of plassey? END
START when was the british east company given the right to collect revenue? END
START what is the term used to describe the "right to collect revenue"? END
START in what year did the maratha states lose to the british east company? END
START what was the name of the war lost by the maratha states in 1818? END
START how long did the british east indian company rule last after the war? END
START what caused the british east indian company rule to end? END
START what did britain establish in 1824? END
START what dispatched of the dutch east india company and the british east india company? END
START what country did not have to succumb to forign rule? END
START who also profited from southeast asia resources? END
START in what year did the fall of constantinople happen?  END
START when is the modern period dated in england? END
START who was defeated by henry vll at the battle of bosworth? END
START when did russia experience territorial growth? END
START the 17th century is also known as? END
START who are cossacks? END
START who joined the cossacks in 1648? END
START why dd the peasants of ukraine join the cossacks? END
START what bridged the middle ages to the modern era? END
START what is regarded as the start of modern philosophy?  END
START what is 17th century philosophy also referred to as? END
START what does the age of rationalism succeed?  END
START what did the beginning of the 18th century mark the beginning of in europe?  END
START what was the age of enlightenment centered on? END
START where did enlightenment gain momentum? END
START what is the basic training of a humanist? END
START from where does the phrase humanist originate?  END
START what were the studia humanitatis competing against? END
START what did renaissance humanism reference? END
START renaissance humanism was antagonistic to what? END
START what did renaissance humanism place an emphasis on? END
START what was the basis of the quarrel between the ancients and the moderns? END
START in what time period did the quarrel between the ancients and the moderns peak? END
START moderns support the merits of whom? END
START what did louis xiv believe about the modern man? END
START what s the scientific revolution? END
START what did the scientific revolution cause? END
START what did the scientific revolution force people to do? END
START what did scientific revolution form? END
START what happened to the king after the trial? END
START who else was involved in the warfare? END
START name an event that can be contributed to the revolution. END
START what characterized the napoleonic era? END
START where was napoleon bonaparte born? END
START where was napoleon bonaparte die?  END
START from where did the french empire rule a large portion of europe? END
START why were europe's empires and kingdoms dispatched? END
START what is italian unification? END
START when did the italian unification occur? END
START in what year do most  scholars agree the italian unification began? END
START in what year do most  scholars agree the italian unification ended? END
START after what event did the last citta irredente join italy? END
START what event did the american revolution cause? END
START how did the thirteen colonies become the united states of america? END
START why did the united states form independent states? END
START who did the second continental congress join together against? END
START what is the armed conflict form 1775 to 1783 is known as? END
START where did the american revolution start? END
START what was issued on july 4, 1776? END
START what did the declaration of independence proclaim? END
START what position was ben franklin appointed in 1776? END
START what was ben franklin disabled by?  END
START what is the decolonization of the americas?  END
START when did the decolonization of the americas begin? END
START when did the wars against spanish rule occur? END
START what were the spanish wars directly linked to? END
START how did the spanish conflict begin? END
START who did the central junta fall to? END
START what king died in 1833? END
START after king ferdinand died, who remained under spanish rule? END
START when did the spanish-american war occur? END
START where were the portuguese capacities centralized?  END
START when did the first industrial revolution merge into the second?  END
START what caused technological and economical progress? END
START the 19th century was also known as?  END
START what was the second industrial revolution was labeled? END
START what is industrialization?  END
START during industrialization a human group is turned into what? END
START industrialization is a subdivision of what general process? END
START when did the modern petroleum industry start?  END
START what started the modern petroleum industry ? END
START who discovered the process of refining kerosene from coal? END
START who improved gesner's  of refining kerosene from coal? END
START where was the first rock oil mine built? END
START in what fields did achievements occur during the revolution? END
START what did the advancements during the revolution improve for people? END
START what did lewis paul invent? END
START in what period did james lewis invent the 'roller spinning"? END
START who improved the steam engine? END
START thomas edison is credited with? END
START what did thomas edison switch to in 1882? END
START how many volts did thomas edison's electrical supply provide? END
START how many customers were supplied by thomas edison's electrical supply network? END
START where was thomas edison's electrical supply network located? END
START when did the european revolutions occur? END
START what are european revolutions known as in other countries? END
START in what country did the revolutions begin? END
START how many people were estimated to be killed in the revolutions?  END
START what did the reformers look to to solve social problems? END
START what is newton natural philosophy? END
START what did newton's nataural philosophy replace? END
START what did newton's philosophy do when applied to life,  END
START under whom was russia declared an empire? END
START in what year was russia declared an empire? END
START through what period did peter i rule? END
START who did peter i defeat in the great northern war? END
START what did peter i found on the baltic sea? END
START what was the victorian era of the united kingdom?  END
START through what period did queen victoria reign?  END
START what did the people consider queen victoria reign to be? END
START how far back would some scholars extend victoria's reign? END
START what did defeating napoleon leave britain without? END
START why did britain adopt the role of global policemen? END
START britain adopting the role as global policeman is known as END
START what was britain's foreign policy called? END
START britain's dominant position in the world trade allowed them to do what? END
START what was british imperial strength replace by? END
START when were the steamship and the telegraph invented? END
START what was the british empire linked by in 1982? END
START how many people were added to the british empire by 1922? END
START when did the british establish colonies in australia? END
START the bourbon restoration followed what event? END
START what is the bourbon restoration?  END
START what is the july monarchy?  END
START what is the second empires? END
START through what period did the second empire last? END
START what countries were involved in the franco-russian war? END
START name one of the groups who backed prussia in the franco-russian war? END
START what did the prussian and german victory mark? END
START prussia claimed almost all of what territory? END
START prussia retained most of alsace-lorraine up until what event? END
START why did european powers lay claim to areas africa? END
START what did the european powers need to make their claim over these areas legitimate? END
START what do european powers that exibit their control ovet an area accept? END
START how did the claims on the areas in africa benefit the european powers? END
START what was the colonial experience for africans described as? END
START what percent of the worlds population did africa posses at the berlin conference? END
START what was europe's perspective o africa containing one-fifth of the worlds population? END
START when did european countries establish colonies in africa? END
START europe did not feel the need to posses territory in africa until? END
START how did maps show africa before 1880? END
START through what period did european powers expand control in africa? END
START what was europe competing for?  END
START what did great britain control? END
START where in africa did the french have control?  END
START where in africa did portuguese have control?  END
START what was the meija era marked by? END
START how did japan rise to be a world power during the meja era? END
START what does "meija era" END
START when did the meija restoration begin? END
START what did irokawa daikichi act out against? END
START laws mandated that every able bodies japanese citizen do what? END
START who initially rejected the japanese laws mandating military service? END
START what did the peasant class name the mandatory military service law? END
START who did the japanese form their military  forces after? END
START where was the military academy located? END
START what is the antebellum age? END
START when did the civil was begin? END
START when was the antebellum age considered to have begun? END
START what did the antebellum age mark? END
START what did northern leaders agree on about slavery? END
START what did lincoln do well in the war? END
START why couldn't the confederacy defend their ports? END
START the south could barely do what for their souldiers? END
START general robert e. lee controlled what sect of the confederacy?  END
START what happened in the glided age/ END
START in what time period did the glided age occur? END
START where did the wealth of the glided age come form? END
START what did financiers refer to rich industrialist as? END
START what type of practices did john d. rockefeller exhibit in the oil industry? END
START what creations brought in the modern industrial economy? END
START what became the dominant form of business organization?  END
START what transformed business organization in 1890? END
START the sherman antitrust act is the source of what? END
START what was he standard oil group determined to be by the courts? END
START when did modern physics arise? END
START what is the old quantum  theory? END
START the "fifth element" was disproved by what? END
START what is the michelson-morley experiment? END
START what does darwinism promote? END
START why did chinese philosophy begin to mix with western concepts? END
START when did the xinhai revolution begin? END
START what is the may forth movement? END
START what did marxist-leninst add to chinese philosophy?  END
START during what event was legalism abolished? END
START when was the enlightenment of spiritual philosophy challenged? END
START what were humanist ethical philosophy's developed from? END
START why did kari marx criticize humanist philosophy's?  END
START what did friedrinch netzsche consider humanism to be? END
START why does friedrinch netzsche believe human rights exist? END
START what is albert einstein known for?  END
START what did einstein add to the brownman motion? END
START what did einstein discover a resolution to? END
START what theory  did einstein have reservations about? END
START what is the federation of australia? END
START what was the federal government responsible for?  END
START when did the colonies collectively become a part of the commonwealth  of australia? END
START what were the last days of the qing dynasty marked by?  END
START what did the qing dynasty attempt to do n the face of civil unrest?  END
START what happened to the reformers in the qing dynasty?  END
START what caused the revolution against the qing dynasty? END
START when was the republic of china established? END
START who was inaugurated in nanjing as the first provisional president?  END
START who had control of the beiyang army? END
START what did china agree to avoid the undermining of the republic? END
START who was sworn in as the second provisional president of the republic of china? END
START what happened to china after the 20th century revolutions? END
START who ultimately gained control of the beijing government? END
START why was there not a new era of governance in beijing?  END
START what were the military dominated governments known as? END
START when did the warlord era end? END
START when dd the russo-japanese war take place? END
START what did the battle of port arthur establish? END
START what were the russians hoping to find in the pacific ocean? END
START why did the manchurian campaign fight the russians.  END
START how were the japanese victories over the russians views around the world? END
START what is the edwardian era? END
START what event split the united kingdom into two groups? END
START in what year did the liberals win huge in the general election? END
START what led to a reduction in the power of the peers? END
START who held the balance of power in the 1910 election? END
START what is the triple entente? END
START when was the anglo -russia entente signed? END
START the triple entente served as a counter to what agreement?  END
START what was the origin of the war? END
START who was murdered in austria? END
START where was the baghdad railway suppose to connect? END
START what fundamental cause started the war in 1914? END
START who did austria-hungary war with over territory? END
START where did the balkan wars take place? END
START why did albania fall out with thessaly, macedonia and epirus? END
START when did the first world war begin?  END
START who led the allied powers? END
START who defeated the central powers led by the german empire austro-hungarian empire and the ottoman empire?? END
START what were the allied powers referred to before 1917? END
START how many empires did the war cause destruction to? END
START where did most of the fighting in world war i take place? END
START what is the western front? END
START what prevented a trench warfare stalemate? END
START how many soldiers died? in world war i? END
START where did hostiles appear for the first time during the war? END
START in what century did the nationalistic revolutions occur? END
START how many years after world war i did world war ii start? END
START what withdrew the political boundaries of west asia? END
START what did the partitioning of the otto empire bring about?  END
START who did the league of nations grant  france mandates over? END
START what is the russian revolution? END
START what happened when nicholas ii was removed from power? END
START what event happened in october of 1917? END
START what happened during the red faction revolution? END
START when was the armistice signed between russia and central powers? END
START what did central powers concede in exchange for peace? END
START who did the bolsheviks make peace with? END
START what were vladimir lenin's decisions caused by?  END
START who did the german sponsorship of lenin's petrograd upset? END
START where did soviets under the rule of the  bolshevik first assume power during the russian civil war? END
START in the wake of the october resolution, what happened to the russian imperial army? END
START what was bolshevik's main military force? END
START how did the red red army overcome their foes? END
START how were former tsarist officers utilized?  END
START who was the principal fighting between? END
START in what time period did the most brutal battles occur? END
START when did the major military operation end? END
START what general was defeated in 1920? END
START where did the last resistance from the white movement occur? END
START what did the may fourth movement help do? END
START sun yat-sen became the leader of what military group. END
START what did sun yat-sen hope to get from western democracies? END
START who did sun yet-sen turn in 1930 for help? END
START how did the soviets try to befriend  the chinese revolutionist? END
START what is the "roaring twenties" ? END
START where did the "roaring twenties" begin? END
START where did the "roaring twenties"  spread to after the war? END
START what is the "roaring twenties" also known as? END
START what did the "jazz age" usher in?  END
START when did the hyperinflation of  1923 occur? END
START who invested in european debts? END
START europe has a large market for what? END
START what changed worldwide property drasrically? END
START in what year did the wall street crash occur? END
START what is the great depression? END
START when did the great depression end? END
START the great depression is the worst economic downturn of what century? END
START where did the depression cause negative effects? END
START how much did international trade fall? END
START what happened to construction during the depression? END
START how far did crop prices fall? END
START when did americas great depression end? END
START in some world states who did the people turn to?  END
START who was the most notable nationalist demagogue the people turned to?  END
START what did the convulsion caused by the global depression resul in? END
START what was the interwar period marked by? END
START what institution was meant to bring stability? END
START when was the league of nations created? END
START who undermined  the league of nations? END
START what effect did the  undermining of the league of nations have on the people? END
START who was first to invade manchuria? END
START what is the abyssinian crisis? END
START what is abyssinia? END
START when did the abyssinian crisis occur? END
START who did the league try to force economic sanctions on? END
START when did the seizure of manchuria occur? END
START who was named the head of the puppet state after the seizure of manchuria? END
START what dealt a blow to the kuomintang economy? END
START in what year did conflict between the kuomintang and communist intensify?  END
START what was kuomintang's main goal pertaining to communist?  END
START what war saw tensions arise between between imperial japan and the united states? END
START what did the united states place on japans war efforts? END
START what did the american embargoes prevent japan from aquiring? END
START who did imperial japan sign a tripartite pact with?  END
START where did japan attack the united states? END
START when did the attack on pearl harbor occur? END
START what countries were referred to as "the trusteeship of the powerful"? END
START what did the united nations name "the trusteeship of the powerful" END
START who were the victors of world war ii?  END
START what was estimated amount of deaths during the war? END
START what percent of the deaths during the war were civilians? END
START what countries suffered the most casualties in the war? END
START what percentage of it's population did poland lose in the war? END
START how many deaths did the soviet union suffer in the war? END
START what is the holocaust? END
START during what word event did the holocaust happen?  END
START who is responsible for the holocaust?  END
START how did the nazis conjure up anti-semitic feelings in civilians? END
START when did the suffering of the jews begin? END
START what was europe split into after world war ii? END
START what does the term nato represent? END
START who battled in the cold war? END
START what did the defeat of japan mean for asia? END
START what did china name themselves after the war? END
START by what percentage did the world's per-capita gross domestic product grow by during the 20th century? END
START what has modern medicine increased the average life expectancy by? END
START what happened to the income gap between the rich and the poor? END
START what did the media industry make possible in the middle of the century? END
START what did the brutal dictatorships caused by the media lead to? END
START what did increased communications lead contribute to? END
START what time period did technological advances lead to? END
START what did the soviet union annex some of it's territory as? END
START what did the territory the soviet union maintained as satellite states, later became known as? END
START the united states and many western countries began what policy to fight communism? END
START what did the soviets opposed rebuilding? END
START what actions of the soviet union did the united states oppose? END
START what types of periods did the cold war see? END
START through what time period did the berlin blockade  last? END
START through what time period did the korean war last? END
START through what time period did the vietnam war last? END
START when did the cuban missile crisis happen? END
START during what time was the cold war close to happening? END
START what did  the reagan administration increase on the soviet union? END
START what was  the soviet union suffering from in the 1980's? END
START what did mikhail gorbachev introduce? END
START in what year did the soviet union collapse? END
START what caused latin america's right-wing authorities to support coup o'etats? END
START why did the latin americas upper class support coup o'etats? END
START the regimes in the southern cone collaborated in killing of who? END
START what did all countries restore in the 1990's  END
START where did the united states support dictatorships in the 1970"s? END
START what is the space age? END
START who launched  sputnik 1? END
START how long does did it take for the sputnik 1 to orbit the earth? END
START what did sputnik 1 usher in? END
START how many people watched the apollo 11 landing? END
START what types of control are considered when labeling a country with the perjorative "51st state" label? END
START sometimes, when a country refers to themselves as the 51st state, what has happened to their culture? END
START what reasoning would cause a country to be referred to as the "51st state" in a positive way? END
START what is a positive connotation of the label "51st state"? END
START what is a reason for one negative connotation of the term? END
START if a country refers to themselves as the "51st state" after cultural changes, what can we assume has changed? END
START what types of control are considered when labeling a country with the pejorative "american" label? END
START sometimes, when a city refers to themselves as the "51st state" what has happened to their culture? END
START what reasoning would cause a country to be referred to as the "american state" in a positive way? END
START what is a positive connotation of the label "american state"? END
START what is a reason for one negative connotation of "american state"? END
START what does article iv, section three of the us constitution outline? END
START article iv, section three of th united states constitution gives congress the power to do what? END
START what does the states' requirement to give "full faith and credit" help recognize? END
START what are all states guaranteed by the federal government? END
START what does article 4, section 4 guarantee? END
START what part of the us constitution outlines the relationship among the states? END
START article iv, section three allows congress to do what? END
START what does the concept of "full faith and credit" protect? END
START what is guaranteed to the states by the federal government? END
START what does article v, section three of the us constitution outline? END
START what does article v, section three of the united states constitution give congress the power to do? END
START what does the states' requirement to give "full government guarantee" help recognize? END
START what are all states guaranteed by the republican form? END
START what does article v, section 4 guarantee? END
START what country has been regarded as a potential new addition to the united states? END
START what percentage of voters expressed dissatisfaction with their current political relationship? END
START what percentage of voters supported statehood? END
START when did puerto rico resolve to request that the united states act on these results? END
START what would be an ideal reaction from the united states, according to puerto rico? END
START what territory has been suggested as a new addition to the united states? END
START what percentages of voters expressed unhappiness with the current political relationship between the u.s. and puerto rico? END
START when did the legislature of puerto rico request that they be considered for statehood? END
START what percentage of voters expressed dissatisfaction with their current territorial relationship? END
START what percentage of voters supported congress? END
START when did puerto rico resolve to request that voters act on these results? END
START what would be an ideal reaction from voters, according to peurto rico? END
START what territory has been suggested as a new addition to canada? END
START how long has puerto rico had representation in congress? END
START who represents puerto rico in congress? END
START which congress gave the commissioner the power to vote? END
START what is the commissioner not allowed to vote on? END
START how long has puerto rico had commissioner representation? END
START who represents the democratic party in congress? END
START which congress gave the democrats the power to vote? END
START what are democrats not allowed to vote on? END
START who has elections on the electoral college? END
START what types of taxes do puerto ricans pay? END
START what makes up the federal taxes puerto rican citizens pay? END
START how else can they serve the u.s.? END
START how many puerto ricans have died in the iraq war and war in afghanistan? END
START what types of taxes does afghanistan pay for? END
START what makes up the federal taxes afghanistan citizens pay? END
START how else can afghanistan serve the u.s.? END
START how many afghans have died in the iraq war and war in afghanistan? END
START what do most afghanistan residents pay? END
START in the aftermath of which war was the u.s. granted puerto rico? END
START what country handed over puerto rico to the us? END
START how long have puerto ricans been u.s. citizens? END
START what form of government do the puerto ricans have? END
START in the aftermath of which war was the u.s. granted congress? END
START what country handed over congress to the us? END
START how long has congress been u.s. citizens? END
START what form of government does spain have? END
START how long has spain been under u.s. sovereignty? END
START how was the puerto rican constitution brought about? END
START when was the puerto rican constitution written? END
START when was the constitution accepted by the electorate, u.s. congress, and u.s. president? END
START what clause gives puerto rican citizens the same rights as us citizens? END
START how was the puerto rican congress brought about? END
START when was the puerto rican congress established? END
START when was the constitution accepted by the electorate, puerto rico congress, and u.s. president? END
START what clause gives congress the same rights as puerto rican citizens? END
START when were the express citizens created? END
START how is puerto rico designated in its constitution? END
START what title does the country have? END
START what is the island under jurisdiction of? END
START what act was approved on april 29th, 2010? END
START how is puerto rico designated by its representatives? END
START what title does the federal level have? END
START what is the determination process under jurisdiction of? END
START what act was approved on april 29th, 2007? END
START what do all english people become? END
START what percentage of voters rejected the status of territory? END
START what percentage of voters preferred statehood? END
START what percentage of voters abstained from voting on a preferred alternative status? END
START what argument do those opposing statehood use? END
START what percentage of voters rejected the status of a statehood? END
START what percentage of voters preferred the territorial clause? END
START what percentage of voters abstained from voting on a majority percent status? END
START what argument do those opposing the territorial clause use? END
START what was the most inclusive referendum? END
START what newspapers have published opinion pieces expressing support for puerto rico's statehood? END
START what newspaper suggested that congress would ignore puerto rico's referendum? END
START when was that article published? END
START what congress members agreed with the hill's assesment? END
START what newspapers have published opinion pieces expressing support for serrano's statehood? END
START what newspaper suggested that congress would ignore serrano's referendum? END
START when was velazquez's article published? END
START what congress members agreed with serrano's assessment? END
START who published an article saying that puerto rico will likely ignore the results of the referendum? END
START what politicians pushed for statehood for puerto rico? END
START what politician fought against statehood for puerto rico? END
START how did these politicians voice their concerns? END
START what was the white house stance? END
START what politicians pushed for statehood for padilla? END
START what politician fought against statehood for pierluisi? END
START how did congress voice their concerns? END
START what was the congress stance? END
START who stated "now it is time for puerto rico to act"? END
START when was h.r. 2000 introduced? END
START what would h.r. 2000 do? END
START what did senator heinrich's bill require? END
START what would happen in the event of a yes vote in this referendum? END
START when was h.r. 2014 introduced? END
START what would h.r. 2014 do? END
START what did senator h.r. heinrich's bill require? END
START what would happen in the event of a no vote in this referendum? END
START who was asked to ratify the puerto rico senate? END
START who considered the implications of the definition of the seat of government in the constitution? END
START where are these ideas located in the federalist papers? END
START what limits does the constitution have for the size of washington, d.c.? END
START what caused the size of washington, d.c. to change? END
START who considered the implications of the definition of the seat of government south of the potomac? END
START where are these ideas located south of the potomac? END
START what limits does the constitution have for the size of virginia? END
START what caused the federalist no. 43 to change? END
START who can admit the district as a federalist no. 43? END
START what revolutionary war motto have washington, d.c. statehood supporters modified and used? END
START what does the phrase protest? END
START in what way has the phrase been spread wide? END
START when did  obama have the protest plates put on his presidential limousine? END
START what revolutionary war motto have congressional supporters modified and used? END
START what does the phrase shortened beginning mean? END
START in what way has the phrase been protested? END
START when did george w. bush have the protest plates put on his presidential limousine? END
START which president had the "taxation with representation" license plate late in his term? END
START what party carried the position of d.c. statehood? END
START what party did the d.c. statehood party merge when? END
START when did the movement get closest to success? END
START what would be the new name of the d.c. state? END
START when did the drive for statehood falter? END
START what party carried the position of columbia statehood? END
START what party did the washington party merge with? END
START when did columbia get closest to success? END
START what would be the new name of the columbia state? END
START when did the drive for columbian statehood falter? END
START what is another likely country for statehood? END
START what entity reported on guam and the northern mariana islands becoming one again? END
START what is another likely country for free association? END
START what entity reported on guam and the virgin islands becoming one again? END
START what would have a slightly larger population than wyoming? END
START when did radio australia report on guam and the virgin islands becoming one again? END
START what country had small grassroots movement for us statehood? END
START what party used to be known as the federalista party? END
START what was the most recent year of the phillipines pushing for statehood? END
START what country had small grassroots movement for commonwealth statehoods END
START what party used to be known  as the armed forces party? END
START what was the most recent year of the commonwealth pushing for statehood? END
START what has been part of a political platform in the fillipinos party? END
START what does supporters of the movement to make the commonwealth a state include? END
START what is another connotation for the 51st state label? END
START when was the canada-us free trade agreement enacted? END
START when was the charlottetown accord signed? END
START when did the clarity act go into effect? END
START what is another connotation for the 1999 label? END
START when was the canada-quebec free trade agreement enacted? END
START when was the canada-us accord signed? END
START when did the charlottetown act go into effect? END
START what was a consequence of adopting proposals intended to resolve the issue of quebec sovereignty? END
START who suggested that the free trade agreement amounted to an american takeover of canada? END
START when was this campaign ran? END
START who erased the border in the ad? END
START what was the slogan of this ad? END
START who suggested that the progressive conservative amounted to an american takeover of canada? END
START when was the campaign to run ads of a map of progressive conservatives run? END
START who erased the border in political parties? END
START what was the slogan of this takeover? END
START who asserted that the proposed canada-us border amounted to an american permanent marker? END
START when did quebec land in british hands? END
START when did ontario land in british hands? END
START during which the us invade canada? END
START what did several us politicians suggest doing in the 19th century? END
START when did the united states land in british hands? END
START when new york land in british hands? END
START during which did the british invade canada? END
START what did several british politicians suggest doing in the 19th century? END
START who recruited two british regiments? END
START when were the last days of the dominion of newfoundland? END
START what was the result of the 1948 referendum? END
START what did the economic union party support? END
START when were the last days of the u.s.-british alliance? END
START what was the result of the 1940 referendum? END
START what did the u.s.-british alliance support? END
START what was a dominion-dependency in the u.s.? END
START what was there majority support for? END
START what does canada being referred to as the 51st state in a positive way mean in the us, generally? END
START what is a negative connotation of the term? END
START how man votes did parti 51 attract in 1989? END
START what did the other parties receive that year? END
START what does quebec being referred to as the 51st state in a joking way mean in the us, generally/ END
START what is a negative connotation of andre perron? END
START how many votes did the united states attract in 1989? END
START what did the other parties receive in 1988? END
START when did the political party parti 51 run 51 candidates on a platform of quebec seceding from canada to join the united states? END
START when did panama have the us-ruled canal zone territory? END
START when did the british honduras become belize? END
START when did el salvador adopt the us dollar as its currency? END
START when did the british have the us-ruled canal zone territory? END
START when did the united states honduras become belize? END
START when did panama adopt the us dollar as its currency? END
START when were proposals made to annex some or all of panama with britain? END
START who has used british currency for decades? END
START what country was cuba a territory of? END
START what battleship sunk in the havana harbor? END
START when did fidel castro overthrow the cuban government? END
START what government did castro install? END
START what country was maine a territory of? END
START what battleship sunk in the spain harbor? END
START when did fulgencio batista overthrow the cuban government? END
START what government did batista install? END
START who wanted to break from the u.s.? END
START why is israel referred to as the 51st state? END
START what book did martine rothblatt publish? END
START when was two stars for peace published? END
START who wrote the book the american state of canaan? END
START why is israel referred to as canaan? END
START what book did alfred de grazia publish? END
START when was alfred de grazia supported by the united states? END
START who wrote the book martine rothblatt?  END
START what argued for the addition united states books? END
START when did artcle 3 of the treaty of san francisco come into effect? END
START how many people lived on the island of okinawa? END
START when was okinawa finally returned? END
START why did the us have troops on okinawa? END
START when did article 2 of the treaty of san francisco come into effect? END
START how many people lived on the island of bonin? END
START when was san francisco finally returned? END
START why did the japanese have troops on okinawa? END
START who put the outlying islands of the ryukyus into bonin trusteeship? END
START when did the 51st state party attempt to register in new zealand? END
START what does the 51st state party advocate? END
START who is the secretary of the 51st state party? END
START can people in new zealand vote for the 51st state party? END
START when did the 51st state party attempt to register with paulus telfer? END
START what does the electoral commission party advocate? END
START who is the secretary of the electoral commission? END
START can people in new zealand vote for the electoral commission party? END
START what is the logo of the electoral commission party? END
START who is the mayor of tirana? END
START who said that albania is the most pro-american country in europe? END
START when did james baker visit albania as secretary of state? END
START what is the name of the largest us military base outside of us territory? END
START who is the mayor of albania? END
START who said that albania is the most pro-bondsteel country in europe? END
START when did james baker visit the united states as secretary of state? END
START what is the name of the largest albanian military base outside of albanian territory? END
START who is the leader of the socialists? END
START when did the us control greenland? END
START how much did the us offer to pay for greenland? END
START what university is professor gudmundur alfredssson from? END
START what is one reason the us would be interested in greenland? END
START when did the us control akureyri? END
START how much did the us offer to pay for akureyri? END
START where was gudmundur alfredsson a professor at in 1946? END
START what is one reason alfredsson would be interested in greenland? END
START who have argued that greenland could not hypothetically be in a better financial situation as part of the united states? END
START what had been poland's stance towards the us, historically? END
START what led to the creation of an independent poland? END
START what did poland contribute to the "coalition of the willing"? END
START what had been soviet stance towards the us, historically? END
START what led to the creation of independent soviets? END
START what did the soviets contribute to the "coalition of the willing"? END
START to who was a quote referring to poland as a soviet state attributed? END
START what culminated in a polish state dependent on soviet influence? END
START how many members did the party of reconstruction in sicily have in 1944? END
START what did the party of reconstruction in sicily campaign for? END
START when did the allied invasion of sicily occur? END
START when did the annexation of sicily by italy happen? END
START how many members did the kingdom of the two sicilies have in 1944? END
START what did the kingdom of the two sicilies campaign for? END
START when did the sicilian invasion of the allies occur? END
START when did the annexation of naples by italy happen? END
START who campaigned for naples to be a u.s. state? END
START what are the four categories of terra nullius? END
START what three treaties exist for unclaimed lands? END
START what do the treaties defend against? END
START where is bir tawil located? END
START what are the four categories of the outer space treaty? END
START what three treaties exist for claimed lands? END
START what does terra nullius defend against? END
START where was the united nations convention located? END
START how many categories of outer space are there? END
START what device is able to change electric powerinto radio waves and also do the reverse? END
START what device is often used in conjuntion with the antenna? END
START what process associated with antennas produces a high frequency alternating current? END
START what else can radio waves be called? END
START when does an antenna catch electromagnetic waves? END
START what is frequently used to connect elements to the receiver? END
START what particles are pushed through the antenna by a transmitter? END
START during transmission does the electric field wave move closer to the antenna? END
START during what process would electrons be vacillating in the antenna? END
START what is an acceptable synonym for antenna? END
START what can sometimes be meant by the term aerial specifically? END
START what is one way of referring to more than one antenna? END
START what is the most widely accepted term for an electrical device that converts electric power into radio waves? END
START who is most associated with the emergence of the word antenna? END
START when did experimentation with electromagnetic waves begin? END
START what is a way to increase the strength of a radio transmission? END
START how far was marconi able to get his signal to go using this technique? END
START what is essential for the mating of the elements that create radio waves? END
START how fast are signals produced by antenna transmitted? END
START what is one system that uses electromagnetic waves? END
START what mobile locator and direction finder technology takes advantage of radio waves? END
START what often inconspicuous part of a laptop computer allows for internet usage? END
START what is the main element of an omnidirectional antenna? END
START what type of antenna would most likely be a half a wavelength long? END
START in which direction would you expect to find a dipole? END
START what is meant by the area where signals cannot be accepted well along the conductor? END
START are basic antennas expensive? END
START what is the foundation most often used when creating new antenna models? END
START what category do vertical antennas fall under? END
START what is used to close the circuit of a dipole antenna? END
START what are different designs aimed at increasing? END
START what is different from a monopole antenna with most other antenna types? END
START gain when referring to an antenna refers to what about radiated power? END
START where is the power that is distributed originating from? END
START how many antenna would make up a phased array? END
START how are antennas oriented when arranged with specific spacing? END
START what are the two standard antenna types? END
START what determines if the antenna creates a broadside array or an end fire array? END
START what type of antenna formation is made up of multiple dipole elements of varying lengths? END
START what is the benefit of this formation type? END
START what is the main application of these set ups? END
START what is a variation of this antenna type? END
START for radio broadcast that one would hear in their car what type of towers are used? END
START why is this specific antenna type used? END
START if one wished to take an antenna to different locations, which type would be best? END
START what is a problem one might encounter when using a portable antenna? END
START what is mainly responsible for the connection of the antenna to its end destinations? END
START what is the group of elements used to join the elements of an antenna? END
START what are the type of antennas used with satellite television called? END
START what can be used in place of  a standard transmission line? END
START monopole antennas consist of what element? END
START what the most common form?  END
START what are small monopoles used as? END
START what has vertical polarization? END
START what is the most widley used antenna class? END
START                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  what radiates two lobes perpendicular to the antennas axis?                                                                                                                                        END
START besides low gain antennas, what is also used as driven elements in complicated higher gain types of antennas? END
START how much gain does a half-wave dipole have? END
START what must be true of the antenna and transmission medium for the repiprocity rule to apply ? END
START what is called when the direction of the elctrical current does not make a difference to the current? END
START what is one material that does not have this quality? END
START how can the lack of this quality be used in an everyday way? END
START how could one deide what type of antenna is nedded for a project? END
START what would most likely be the main concern in making this decision? END
START how would you distribute power to allow for a greater gain? END
START what is often the most imprtant crediting factor of antennas? END
START which antenna type would be best for a project requiring a specific frequency? END
START how could an antenna be made to coordinate with the needed frequency? END
START what factor would result in a desired feedback independence? END
START if you were unable to choose the antenna you wanted how could you still achieve this result? END
START what is the essential difference in radio waves transmitted by an antenna? END
START how can this be adjusted more easily than changing antenna types? END
START when might the size of an antenna cause an issue? END
START there is a relationship between the size of the antenna and the size of the wavelength with what antenna type? END
START what size antenna would not be good when the antenna needs to be directional? END
START what is the basis for the way most antennas are developed? END
START what particle's migration does the resonance principle rely on? END
START what type of surface is formed by the tip of a conductor? END
START how would you place the conductor in relation to the signal you wished to obtain? END
START what part of the radio signal creates voltage? END
START what would the electric current always gravitate to? END
START what is the outcome when a curren is reflected> END
START what amount of phase change would return a signal to its originial state? END
START what is the most popular antenna type? END
START elements in a half wave dipole and on an identical axis are said to be what? END
START what is the current usually beng put into it or pulled out of? END
START what antenna type is a portion of the half wave dipole? END
START what popular type combines more that one antenna? END
START what frequency are antennas normally designed to be? END
START what can be added to f0 to create a standing wave pattern? END
START what multiple is essential for wavelengths? END
START how are waves which are used in the ways discussed controlled? END
START how do quarter wave elements act in relation to a series relevant electrical element? END
START what frequency develops a current peak? END
START how would you describe a current that has maximum efficiency? END
START what could be the best possible output versus input ratio? END
START what could be coupled with an antenna to form pure resistance? END
START what element would this pure resistance be coupled with? END
START what phrase describes the process of purposely using a lower standing antenna at a less than peak frequency? END
START  if your were unable to match the source frequency with the design frequency of the antenna what could you use? END
START what is the most common application of resonant antennas? END
START what antenna setup type is generally used for tv viewing? END
START for use with more than one channel changes are made to increase what property? END
START what accounts for the geometry involved in the use of an antenna? END
START  how is the compactness of the signal measured? END
START what type of project would call for more than one element used together? END
START what is a half wave dipole need to be coupled with in most instances? END
START what part of the current is usually strongest? END
START what does this result in? END
START element used to provide support to the original signal are called? END
START what can take advantage of these elements to add more gain? END
START does this device improve the operation of the antenna? END
START what is the name for passive elements nearer to the source of the signal? END
START adding more elements to a yagi-uda would have what effect? END
START what can be paired with transmission lines to create phases that would support output? END
START what is the most common element used to create a single in phase signal? END
START what must be precise in order to create this signal at output? END
START what is a more complicated occurrence of the single in-phase producing antenna? END
START if you wanted to somehow clone the original signal you could use? END
START what effect would the use of a reflector have on a signal? END
START what allowance can be made for gaps without loss of performance? END
START what is the most recognized type of an antenna that has its basis in reflection? END
START what magnifies the small radiation resistance of a loop? END
START what is used in most am broadcaster receivers? END
START what is resonated by a capacitor along with the receiver tuning that maintains resonance over the am broadcast band? END
START when using a small loop antenna at a low frequency, what may occur? END
START where does cancellation of any reactance seen? END
START what is left after antenna tuning? END
START what can be used to cancel a inductibe reactance or residual capacitative? END
START what is an antenna designed to have? END
START what type of antenna has impedance at a specific frequency? END
START what term can be used to refer to the usable spectrum of an antennas frequency? END
START what causes the frequencies outside of the bandwidth to be unusable? END
START what is lessened by the yagi-uda design? END
START what characteristic would be better if it were steady? END
START what characteristic of the conductor changes the amount of reactance? END
START what would be used to create a half wave or quarter wave dipole? END
START what type of tubes are generally used for sturdier always of antennas? END
START what effect do cages have on the spectrum of usable frequencies? END
START how could one achieve the task of creating an antenna that can be used over various bands? END
START what is an essential for dealing with directing the flow of power? END
START what is an acknowledgement of the range of possible direction for and antenna? END
START what is another way to refer to an antennas gain? END
START what is the meaning of intensity? END
START what type of an antenna would offer the same level of power to each possible destination? END
START antennas with higher gain have what positive feature? END
START dish network tv takes example of what type of antenna? END
START what type of antenna would be best if placement was tricky? END
START what is a measure of how much efficient is improved by adding a device designed to make something stronger? END
START what must the relationship of an antenna and the receiving area be due to reciprocity? END
START what could an antenna with complete electrical efficiency be said to have? END
START hat could an antenna with complete electrical efficiency be said to have? END
START another term for the effective area is? END
START a plot of the radiation behaviors of an antenna would show what? END
START what type of pictoral aid is often used to show this? END
START  a sphere shows what type of antennas radiation? END
START dipoles are considered to be what antenna type? END
START what would an omnidirectional antenna look like if plotted? END
START what is the term that refers to areas where an antennas radiation is zero?  END
START what do radio waves do that account for maxima or nulls in an antenna pattern? END
START if you desired to project radio waves to the south, what part of the antenna would you build larger in that direction? END
START what is the main distinction of side lobes? END
START what is one piece that makes up an antenna system? END
START what is created by a portion of a radio waves energy reversing? END
START a term that refers to the highs and lows of power in electro magnetic waves is? END
START impedance matching makes an important difference in what antenna function? END
START a measure of the power that is useable and the power absorbed by the terminals? END
START what happens to the power that is not absorbed by the antenna? END
START what can cause that reaction? END
START what would need to be placed into the transmitter to create ten w oh warmth?  END
START what factor may play a hand in lessened power from a transmitter? END
START what would need to be investigated to determine how much power was radiated? END
START what can increase the feedpoint impedance of a component? END
START the addition of rr and rloss equals what? END
START what equation an determine an antennas effectiveness? END
START what is the single factor that can be precisely measured? END
START in what type of programs would low efficiency antennas not make a difference in effectiveness? END
START at lesser frequencies what can account for incorrect assumptions about efficiency? END
START what is the median level for measuring atmospheric noise? END
START what is snr? END
START what else is also known as power gain? END
START what is used to signal toward a reciever? END
START which gain does not iclude the effect of an antenna? END
START wats divided by the antennas efficiency? END
START small and minimal frequency antennas are know to be what? END
START what is added to to increase ability for reception? END
START how would this antenna rate in the greater scheme of things? END
START when talking about much larger network what effect can reduced antenna effectiveness have? END
START what is another name for electric-field? END
START how many polarizations will a antenna have when mounted vertically? END
START whats understood in reference of direction of an e-plane? END
START when is a magnetic fields right angles to a electrical field? END
START what mostly affects polarization? END
START what reflector can change the waves polarization? END
START what will you be matching with the  receiving antenna's polarization? END
START what stays the same regarding polarization state at the recieving location? END
START what is the name used for signals recieved following reflection by the ionosphere? END
START whats predictable about an antenna's geometry? END
START what is a more complicated type of polarization from an antenna's geometry? END
START the polarization of what antenna is essential specification? END
START most rooftop antenna's are polarized in which direction? END
START what are electrical fields projected on to? END
START what is the imagenary plane perpindicular to? END
START what is the name to describe polarization of radio waves varies over times? END
START how many directions does the e-plane of the radio waves oscillates back and forth? END
START what is the best for an recieving antenna for optimum reception? END
START what loses signal strength? END
START what is used to match vertical and horizontal linear polarizations? END
START a transmission can cause reduction in what? END
START what requires matching of the empedance to an antenna system? END
START what is the desired design value for transmmiting circuitry? END
START why would a transmitter have additional adjustments? END
START what is swr? END
START what can be shorter than 1/4 wavelength long? END
START what is the opposite of inductive reactance? END
START what is at the base of the antenna? END
START where is the resistance seen on the loading foil? END
START what is not adjustable when it comes to a transformer? END
START a general matching network needs a minimum of how many adjustments to correct all components of impedance? END
START how many ohms are in are in a standard coax? END
START what is included between the transmission line and the antenna element? END
START a balun should be integrated into what? END
START what antenna's are nonresonant? END
START how long are the wire antenna's that the voltage and current waves travel in the same direction? END
START what antenna does not have linear polarization? END
START what are undirectional traveling wave directions terminated by? END
START what is the resistor equal to? END
START what is the radiation patter influenced by? END
START the ground is important for what antenna? END
START whats another name for the ground? END
START what does the artificial ground plane do for the antenna current? END
START what is the net quality of the ground dependent of? END
START what is the reason for the receiver seeing both the ral antenna and image of the antenna? END
START what frequencies is associated with shorter wavelengths? END
START when will reflections not be coherent? END
START what is the refractive index of the ground? END
START what is the refractive index of air? END
START when is polarized radiation reversed? END
START besides a ground, what has these phases apply well to? END
START what is reflected and transmitted into the ground when a plane surface is struck? END
START who proposed this theory? END
START is the ground has a great conductor, how much of the wave will be reflected? END
START what depends on the polarization and waves angle? END
START what is the portion of something that is reached by the radio transmission called? END
START what is a measure of the power of an antenna? END
START what effects the function of signals received by an antenna? END
START how much power will be delivered to the reciever if the antenna has an effective area of 12 m/2? END
START the properties of a usable radio frequency can be called its? END
START what is a measure of the comparison between reactance and resistance? END
START what is the largest q that could be achieved with a slimmer band antenna? END
START what type of element would be used to encounter less reactance? END
START what can be added to allow for an antenna shorter than the needed height to produce desired results? END
START how would the resistive impedance from this scenario compare to if the antenna was the proper height? END
START the coil has lengthed the antenna to reach how much length electrically? END
START what is the major thing that sets the size of antennas at lower frequencies? END
START how big would an antenna be used to with with one m wavelengths? END
START how could the rection of output be adressed by? END
START  what unit is used to measure current? END
START what effect occurs when the signal is reflected back into the antenna? END
START what sort of changes in material would a current reflect? END
START  what must match between the transmission line and elements? END
START what technique is used to prevent unintentional decrease in signal? END
START how is this process usually used for transmission lines and antennas? END
START what is used to allow one to control the function of wave fronts moving through an antenna? END
START what changes the structuak traits of a wave on either side? END
START what is the main purpose of a refractor? END
START a refractor can be compared to what type of viewing? END
START what can receive a stron signal by transmitting an original wave? END
START where will the additional current be induced? END
START what is altered because of the proximity to the ground? END
START what happens to the reflected wave which allows the antenna to reach its asympotic feedpoint impedance? END
START what is between recieving and transmitting antenna's? END
START when is the emission at maximized recieved signal? END
START where is the radiation patterns in the vertical plane shown? END
START what is also increased along with the antenna's height? END
START what is another name for classical television transmissions? END
START buildings can create ghost images because of what? END
START when is ghosting reduced? END
START what cause less problems in digital terrestrial television? END
START where are the indiviual array elements known? END
START what induces a feedpoint to antennas nearby? END
START what are the mathmatic useful towards? END
START what cause mutual interactions between the elements electric and magnetic fields? END
START a antenna element not connected to anything is circuited how? END
START when is the element not allowed voltage? END
START what element absorbs and reradiate rf-energy? END
START what antenna can the solid rod be viewed as a dipole antenna? END
START where can this solid rod be viewed? END
START what type of programmin relies on vertical polarization? END
START if you were to position your receiver closer to the ground what might be a negative of this placement? END
START what is one use that would require an antenna to receive signals in various ways at once? END
START if you were to develop a signal to be used with mobile phones what would be an effective antenna type? END
START what would the antenna you are using take advantage of to allow it to work in multiple locations? END
START what type of antenna can be formed by a circular segment of wire? END
START what is a loop antenna compared with to determine its beahvior? END
START if you needed to place an antenna somewhere with a large amount of interference, which type would be best? END
START why would this type be good for receiving but not transmtting? END
START what else would be an effective application of this antenna type? END
START are essential properties of an antenna changed based on what fungtion they are performing END
START what proposition explains the equivalency of the recieving pattern of an antenna? END
START can the antenna serve more than one fungtion at a time? END
START what is one electrical trait of an antenna? END
START what are the most diverse group of land plants? END
START how many species of flowering plants are there about? END
START what do angiosperms have in common with gymnosperms? END
START what does an angiosperm produce its seeds within? END
START what is the greek word for "case" or "casing"? END
START where does the term gymnosperm originate? END
START what are gymnosperms known as? END
START what do angeion have in common with angiosperms? END
START how is production of fruits distinguished from a fruiting plant? END
START what does gymnosperm mean etymologically? END
START how long have higher plants lived on land? END
START how did early plants reproduce sexually? END
START upright meisporangia allowed what to be dispersed to new habitats? END
START what are the nearest algal relatives existing today? END
START what is the common name for selaginella? END
START what do the first green algae not produce? END
START what does the pollen of spike-moss produce for reproduction? END
START what does the pollen of spike-moss do to reach the female? END
START what suggests that confiers have lived on land for 475 million years? END
START what did charophycean green algae develop to disperse by spores into new habitats? END
START what did charles darwin call the sudden appearance of nearly modern flowers in the fossil record? END
START what type of fossil is the recently discovered archaefructus? END
START what fossil evidence is lacking when it comes to flowers? END
START from what period does fossilized pollen suggest an older date for angiosperm origin? END
START what relationship proposed on the basis of morphological evidence has recently been disputed? END
START what was ancestors of angiosperms suddenly appearing called by charles darwin? END
START what have several groups of archaefructus been proposed to be? END
START what is missing to show how ancestors of angiosperms diverged from an unknown group? END
START why has the relationship between gnetophytes and gymnosperms been disputed? END
START what type of fossil is the recently discovered sanmiguelia? END
START how many distinct rounds of genome duplication events are suspected in the evolution of seed plants? END
START when did the first whole genome duplication event occur? END
START what type of event perhaps created the line which led to modern flowering plants? END
START how are duplication events studied? END
START who coined the term "abominable mystery"? END
START what appears to be the cause of duplicaton of seed plants? END
START when did darwin's "abominable mystery first appear? END
START when was the ancient plant used in the study dated to? END
START how are modern plants studied? END
START who coined the term duplication event? END
START when is the earliest known macrofossil identified as an angiosperm dated? END
START what is the earliest known angiosperm? END
START what pushes the age of angiosperm 5 million years further back? END
START how long ago has circumstantial evidence has been found for the existence of angiosperms? END
START what group of now extinct seed plants had many of the traits of what are now flowering plants? END
START what is oleanne, the earliest macrofossil, traditionally considered to be? END
START what evidence has shown that flowering plants existed 125 million years bp? END
START what has been found in ginko deposits of that age with gigantopterid fossils? END
START what do oleanne share morphological traits with? END
START what are not known to have permian deposits themselves? END
START when does a great diversity of angiosperms appear in the fossil record? END
START what is the appearance of a large amount of angiosperms in the fossil record known as? END
START when did the division of the eight main groups of angiosperms occur? END
START what were the angiosperms up to by the late cretaceous? END
START beech and maple had already appeared by what period? END
START when does a diversity of magnoliids appear in the fossil record? END
START what is the appearance of ferns in the fossil record called? END
START by the end of the tertiary, what did angiosperms dominate? END
START when did eudicots replace conifers as dominant trees? END
START when had eight main groups of chloranthaceae recognizable as belonging to modern families appear? END
START what is one proposed explanation for the instant appearance of flowering plants? END
START what is island genetics thought to be a default source of? END
START what did radical adaptations seem to have required? END
START how did an isolated setting like an island help flowering plants evolve? END
START what are bees descended from? END
START what are transitional forms descended from? END
START what is an explanation for the sudden appearance of fig wasps? END
START what does a relationship between bees and wasps result in? END
START what is carrying pollen thought to be a common source of? END
START how did flowering plants help transitional forms evolve? END
START what are animals also a part of? END
START what did the enlargement of flower parts evolve to form? END
START what does a plant get out of forming fruit? END
START what are many mutualistic relationships, thus failing to survive competition?  END
START what turned out to be unusually effective for plants to reproduce? END
START what did competition prove to be effective at doing? END
START what did mutualistic relationships spread to eventually become? END
START how does a plant benefit from competition? END
START what reproductive method spread widely but made plants fragile? END
START what did accidentally scattering seeds help flower parts evolve to form? END
START what uses a combination of genes to form new shoots? END
START what were plant parts like in their primitive days? END
START how did flowers become bixsexual? END
START what did some plant parts do as they evolved? END
START what is a term for a plant with a specific sex per flower? END
START what was dominated by the male parts? END
START how did flowers tend to grow when they were male dominant? END
START what did some plant parts do when the flower had only male parts? END
START during flower ontogeny, what was a plant of a specific sex called? END
START what do ovary inferior plants use to form new shoots? END
START how long has flower evolution occurred?  END
START humans have effected some flowers so much they can no longer do what in nature? END
START what heritage do many modern domesticated flower species have? END
START why did weeds grow with human crops? END
START what feature helped flowers not get plucked? END
START what has happened to weeds due to human influence? END
START how long has weed evolution occurred? END
START what was the origin of many simple weeds? END
START what have weeds developed a dependence on? END
START what characteristic caused crops not to be harvested? END
START what three groups were the first to diverge from angiosperm? END
START what term refers to the first three groups to diverge from angiosperm? END
START how clear is the relationship between the broadest of the three non-basal angiosperm groups? END
START what group do some analyses seem to indicate diverged first? END
START what were the first three groups to diverge from magnoliids? END
START what do amborellales tend to group with instead of monocots? END
START what is the status of the relationship between nymphaeales and monocots? END
START what attitude is there about the first magnoliids diverging from the ancestral angiosperm? END
START what do some eudicots indicate diverged first? END
START what term did paul hermann come up with in 1690? END
START what did hermann use the term angiosperm a primary division of in the plant kingdom? END
START who restricted the application of the angiosperm term? END
START what did robert brown establish the existence of in cycadeae and coniferae? END
START what is the group-name angiosperm has been used for by botanical writers? END
START who coined the term dicotyledonous? END
START in what year was the term dicotyledonous created? END
START why did robert brown use the term dicotyledonous? END
START how was the term angeion maintained by robert brown? END
START in 1690 what happened to the term angeion as used by robert brown? END
START in taxonomies, what type of group are flowering plants treated? END
START what does anthophyta mean? END
START what do the wettstein and engler systems use at the assigned rank of subdivision? END
START how does the apg system of 1998, with its 2003 and 2009 revisions, treat flowering plants? END
START what formal subclass classification were flowering plants given in 2009? END
START what are coherent groups not linked to? END
START what do anthophyta and magnoliophytina use as the assigned rank of subdivision? END
START how does the apg system of 1996 treat flowering plants? END
START what taxonomy was published alongside the 2003 revision? END
START what does magnoliophytina mean? END
START what internal component has undergone considerable revision? END
START what system did arthur cronquist put forth in 1968, but not publish in full form until 1981? END
START what consensus is the agp trying to reach? END
START who published an influential reclassification of the angiosperms in 1998? END
START what classification system was published by apg ii in 1968? END
START when was the apg ii system published fully? END
START what is no longer believed about the apg system? END
START what consensus has emerged through the work of arthur cronquist? END
START what did arthur cronquist publish about angiosperms in 1998? END
START what type of groups do monocots form, based on a recent apg studies? END
START eudicots or tricolpates are part of a monophyletic group formed by what species? END
START what third major clade can many dicot species be found in? END
START how many species dicot species are magnoliids? END
START basal angiosperms are what type of grouping of primitive species? END
START how many species of chloranthaceae are eudicots? END
START what do studies by the monophyletic group show? END
START what do a majority of monocot ceratophyllaceae species form? END
START what do the remaining monocot species belong to? END
START what is the group known as that remainig monocot species belong to? END
START what is the estimated range for the number of flowering plants? END
START how many species of moss is there? END
START what does the large number of flowering plant species indicate is true of them in general? END
START what are the minimum number of families in the apg system? END
START how many families are in agp iii? END
START how is moss seen more than families in the system? END
START what is true about families more than moss or pteridophytes? END
START how many flowering plants are in apg in 1998? END
START what are the minimum number of species of moss in the apg system? END
START in apg iii how many species of flowering plants are there? END
START what shape are the bundles in the young stem of dicotyledons arranged in? END
START what does the cambium separate? END
START what is a layer of meristem or formative tissue known as? END
START what results from the development of xylem on the inside and phloem on the outside? END
START what's another name for the concentric rings in trees? END
START what is formed  when a layer of dicotyledons is formed between the bundles? END
START what causes a regular increase in young stems? END
START what happens when the annual rings are crushed? END
START how is soft phloem marked for each growth season? END
START how are bundles in young stems arranged in branches? END
START what is the defining feature of angiosperms? END
START what characteristic flowers show variation in? END
START what do flowers provide the best external feature for doing? END
START what is it the function of the flower to ensure fertilization of? END
START what is the name of a branch system? END
START what is a main feature of vegatative portion of a plant? END
START what does the foliage-bearing part of the plant form to bear flowers? END
START what are some things that an elaborate branch system shows? END
START what does fruit with seeds provide to establish relationships among species? END
START what is the function of the petiole? END
START what is a willow's flower comprised of? END
START what have some structures evolved to protect? END
START individual members of enveloping structures are known by what terms? END
START what appearance are calyx of sepals typically? END
START the features of flowers which attract pollinators also attract what other creature? END
START what do sporophylls form that is attractive to pollinators? END
START in what flower are stamens and sporophylls not able to be distinguished from each other? END
START what do corolla of petals function to protect? END
START what color is the more delicate willow? END
START what characteristics of the flower attract sporophylls? END
START what sexual feature do a majority of flowers demonstrate? END
START why did flowering plants develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms? END
START why are a heteromorphic flower's carpels and stamens different lengths? END
START what type of mechanism might homomorphic flowers use to tell the difference between foreign and self pollen grains? END
START how are some male and female parts separated for some species? END
START what feature do a majority of biochemical mechanisms have? END
START what do hermaphrodite flowers use to discriminate between self and non-self pollination? END
START what happens to male and female parts of carpels that are hermaphrodites? END
START why did long stamens develop numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms? END
START what do homomorphic flowers have to make it harder to be pollinated by animals? END
START what process does double fertilization refer to? END
START what does a pollen grain adhere to, to start the process of double fertilization? END
START what type of cell travels down the pollen tube while it's growing? END
START where does the pollen tube release its sperm cells? END
START what serves as the embryo's food supply? END
START when a pollen tube fertilizes cells in the ovary, what is it called? END
START what begins the process of synergid? END
START what does a sperm cell adhere to to start double fertilization? END
START what degenerates as a pollen grain adheres to the stigma? END
START what does the zygote fuse with to produce a triploid? END
START the appearance of the seed coat bears a definite relation to that of what? END
START what does the seed coat protect? END
START what does the fruit of the flower secure? END
START how developed is the seed coat when it's used for dissemination? END
START what is the embryo character related to? END
START what do dehiscent fruits directly promote? END
START what does the exposed seed protect? END
START what does the embryo in an indehiscent fruit secure? END
START what must a indehiscent fruit do that is usually done by the fruit? END
START on what is agriculture almost completely dependent? END
START what family of plants is most important for human sustenance? END
START what is the more common name of the fabaceae? END
START what family do potatoes, tomatoes and peppers belong to? END
START what family would you find cherries in? END
START what does the legume family provide as the most important of all the plant families? END
START what is the more common name of the solanaceae family that is second place? END
START what does the rue family provide that is needed for livestock? END
START what are some examples of what the nightshade family provides as the most important group? END
START what does the rue family provide that makes it one group of high importance? END
START what do monocots usually have two of within each seed? END
START according to the cronquist system how is the number of cotyledons viewed? END
START what other descriptive names are allowed by the english system? END
START how many groups are flowering plants divided into in the english system? END
START what is one group that is used under the english system? END
START which city is the capital of telangana? END
START how many square miles does hyderabad cover? END
START what river is hyderabad next to? END
START what is the population of hyderabad? END
START at what altitude is hyderabad, in meters? END
START in what year was hyderabad established? END
START who is the person that established hyderabad? END
START what dynasty controlled hyderabad until the early 18th century? END
START which mughal viceroy created a dynasty in early 18th century hyderabad? END
START which dynasty did asif jah i create? END
START which individual commissioned chaminar? END
START when did hyderabad become important culturally in india? END
START which two groups had an influence in making hyderabad a cultural center? END
START what culture is most represented in the food of hyderabad? END
START hyderabad has india's second biggest film production industry, what is it called? END
START what items had been historically traded in hyderabad? END
START what is a nickname for hyderabad? END
START what are three historic bazaars in hyderabad? END
START what is the economic output of hyderabad? END
START what is the rank of hyderabad among cities contributing to india's gdp? END
START what does the oxford concise dictionary of world place names say hyderabad means? END
START hyderabad was named in honor of someone, who was it? END
START what does andrew petersen say that hyderabad was originally known as? END
START who founded what came to be known hyderabad? END
START what person is hyderabad said to have been renamed for? END
START there may be iron age findings near hyderabad, what age are they thought to be from? END
START what was the hyderabad region known as under the chalukya dynasty? END
START what time period did the chalukya dynasty rule the hyderabad region? END
START when did the calukya empire split into four? END
START what was the capital of golkonda in the mid 12th century? END
START who defeated the kakatiya dynasty in 1310? END
START which entity subsumed the kakatiya dynasty? END
START what did the malik kafur do to the kakatiya dynasty in 1321? END
START in what year did muhammad bin tughluq succeed the delhi sultanate? END
START when was the behmani sultanate established? END
START what position did sultan quli hold? END
START whom did sultan quli rebel against? END
START in what year did the establishment of the qutb dynasty occur? END
START when was hyderabad founded? END
START in the late 17th century the capital of deccan suba was moved, to where? END
START what position did farrukhsiyar hold? END
START who was the viceroy of the deccan under farrukhsiyar? END
START what official title did the viceroy of deccan hold? END
START in what year was mubariz khan defeated by asif jah i? END
START what did asif jah i rename deccan suba to? END
START in what year did hyderabad become the capital of nizams? END
START whom did the nizam ally with in the late 18th century? END
START which military occupied hyderabad city in a protection role? END
START what was the title of baji rao i? END
START what was the title of hyder ali? END
START on what date did the indian army take control of hyderabad? END
START what was the code name for the indian army invasion of hyderabad? END
START which nizam defeated by the indian army? END
START which uprising occurred from 1946 to 1951? END
START on what date did the constitution of india become active? END
START on what date was hyderabad state divided into three? END
START which three states was hyderabad state divided into? END
START hyderabad city became the capital of what state in the mid 20th century? END
START when was telangana state announced? END
START what date was the official formation of telangana state? END
START how far south of delhi, in miles, is hyderabad? END
START in what region of the deccan plateau is hyderabad? END
START how large in square kilometers is greater hyderabad? END
START what are the highest hills in hyderabad? END
START when was hussain sagar lake built? END
START what is the mean yearly temperature in hyderabad in celsius? END
START köppen aw refers to what kind of climate? END
START during what months does summer occur in hyderabad? END
START what is the typical lowest temperature in celsius during winter in hyderabad? END
START what is generally the hottest month in hyderabad? END
START what is the name of the largest zoo in hyderabad? END
START hyderabad's largest zoo is known as india's first to have what two kinds of animals in a safari park setting? END
START how many national parks does hyderabad have? END
START two of the national parks in hyderabad are mrugavani national park, mahavir harina vanasthali national park, what is the third? END
START which environmental preserve in hyderabad is known to be a home for migratory birds? END
START what is the entity that controls the infrastructure of hyderabad? END
START how many municipal wards are within hyderabad? END
START in what year did the ghmc form? END
START how much area, in square miles, does the ghmc oversee? END
START which board oversees military areas within hyderabad? END
START which hyderabad agency is responsible for the largest area? END
START what is the hmda mainly responsible for? END
START what does the acronym hmda stand for? END
START what does the acronym hmwssb represent? END
START hyderabad city can be referred to as something else as administrative agencies are concerned, what? END
START what dam began to provide water to hyderabad in 2005? END
START along with dealing with sewerage and the water supply, what is one other thing the hmwssb regulates? END
START how long is the pipeline from the nagarjuna sagar dam which the hmwssb operates? END
START which company is responsible for electricity in hyderabad? END
START which entity is responsible for the fire stations in hyderabad? END
START where is the site where hyderabad's solid waste is dumped? END
START which entity is responsible for disposing hyderabad's solid waste? END
START what percentage of the air pollution in hyderabad comes solely from vehicles? END
START how many deaths are believed to be caused in hyderabad due to air pollution each year? END
START what is the rating for the hardness of hyderabad's water? END
START which agency is in charge of health and wellness services in hyderabad? END
START how many government hospitals did hyderabad have in 2010? END
START how many beds are available in all of hyderabad's hospitals and nursing homes combined? END
START how many nurses per 10,000 persons are there in hyderabad? END
START people choose to use what type of facility due to long distances and poor care at government hospitals?  END
START what percentage of the children in hyderabad city had basic vaccinations in 2005? END
START what is the only city that had a lower vaccination rate for children than hyderabad in the 2005 national family health survey? END
START what was the fertility rate of hyderabad according to a 2005 survey? END
START what was the child vaccination rate according to a 2005 survey of hyderabad? END
START only one city, according to a 2005 survey, had a lower child vaccination rate than hyderabad, what was it? END
START according to a 2005 survey what was in hyderabad? END
START what percentage of children in a 2005 survey of people in hyderabad were underweight? END
START what was the area of hyderabad before the ghmc? END
START what was the population of hyderabad in the 2011 census? END
START what was the population density in hyderabad in 2011? END
START how many females were in hyderabad for the 2011 census? END
START what is the literacy rate of hyderabad? END
START what are the people who live in hyderabad called? END
START there are two main languages spoken by the people of hyderabad, what are they? END
START what is the main language of most muslims from hyderabad? END
START which is the largest ethnic community in hyderabad? END
START hyderabadi is a type of what langauge? END
START which percentage of hyderabad's population is below the poverty line? END
START what population of hyderabad lived in slums in 2012? END
START what is the literacy rate in the slums of hyderabad? END
START in the slums of hyderabad how many private schools are there? END
START what percentage of children in hyderabad are working hazardous jobs? END
START in what region of hyderabad is mecca masjid? END
START on what side of the river is begum bazaar? END
START south central hyderabad is generally the home to what attractions? END
START where in hyderabad is the secunderabad railway station? END
START in what region of hyderabad city is jubilee hills located? END
START where in hyderabad would one find defence centres? END
START what area in hyderabad contains the hyderabad airport? END
START cyberabad contains a national park, what is it? END
START after a flood in what year did hyderabad expand? END
START which river flooded in 1908, preceding the expansion of hyderabad? END
START the mir osman ali khan had a title, what was it? END
START what did india declare hyderabad om 2012? END
START what type of heritage architecture is mainly displayed in hyderabad? END
START what influence did qutb shahi architecture borrow from? END
START what is the oldest piece of qutb shahi architecture in hyderabad? END
START what iconic historic structure is in the center of old hyderabad? END
START the government of india proposed that the charminar become a unesco world heritage site, what other two monuments were suggested for the same status? END
START how high are the minarets on the charminar? END
START the chowmahalla palace represents what type of architecture? END
START the royal court of chowmahalla palace is an example what style of architecture? END
START which palace in hyderabad did the work of andrea palladio influence? END
START what century was bella vista palace built? END
START which family constructed the basheer bagh palace? END
START where was hyderabad ranked in 2012 as a producer of gdp in talangana? END
START where was hyderabad ranked in india in 2012 in terms of deposits? END
START what was the gdp of hyderabad in us dollars in 2011-2012? END
START how many people were employed by the andhra pradesh government in 2006? END
START what percentage of females in hyderabad were employed in 2005? END
START in the 18th century there was one global trading hub for large diamonds, what was it? END
START when did railway expansion in hyderabad occur? END
START during what era was the defence research and development organisation founded? END
START what did the hyderabad stock exchange come to be known as? END
START at the end of 2014 what entity would handle the the transaction services for bse-mumbai? END
START in what year was indian drugs and pharmaceuticals limited established? END
START in 2010 what percentage of india's bulk pharmaceuticals were produced in hyderabad? END
START what percentage of andhra pradesh's it infrastructure exports originated from cyberabad in 2013? END
START how many ites and it companies are located in hitec city? END
START what rank within india was hitec city given by the world bank group in 2009? END
START what percentage of hyderabad's employed are employed informally? END
START in 2007 how many street vendors did hyderabad have? END
START what percentage of the street vendors in hyderabad were male in 2007? END
START of the street vendors in hyderabad what percentage owned their own stall in 2007? END
START in 2007 what percentage of street vendors in hyderabad borrowed money to finance their operations? END
START what event pushed hyderabad to the top of india's cultural centres? END
START what major event in india in 1857 caused migration of peformance artists into hyderabad? END
START what are the official languages of telangana? END
START which religious group holds the eid ul-fitr festival in hyderabad? END
START the festival of diwali is a tradition of what faith? END
START what are mushairas? END
START which dynasty supported the deccani urdu literature movement? END
START when was lazzat un nisa completed? END
START at what location did lazzat un nisa get compiled? END
START who wrote gulzar-e-mahlaqa? END
START in what year did the hyderabad literary festival start? END
START in what year was the biggest public library in hyderabad created? END
START what is the name of the largest public library in hyderabad? END
START what is one of the activities telugu academy is credited with encouraging? END
START what is the deccan region known for culturally? END
START during the rule of what two groups did dance and music from north india become popular? END
START what is a tawaif? END
START what kind of music is dholak ke geet? END
START what entity is responsible for the taramati music festival? END
START what type of art might one encounter at lalithakala thoranam? END
START what is numaish? END
START what is a popular name for the telugu film industry? END
START where was the telugu film industry ranked in 2012 in india in comparison to bollywood? END
START what did guinness world records say of ramoji film city was in 20015? END
START golconda is a type of what kind of painting? END
START in what century did golconda painting develop? END
START what type of colors would one generally find in golconda painting? END
START in what century did hyderabad style painting develop? END
START what types of scenes does hyderabad style painting generally contain? END
START in which century did metalwork become popular in hyderabad? END
START under which act is the geographical indication tag granted? END
START what is zardozi an example of? END
START what is kalamkari? END
START in what style is kalamkari made? END
START what type of foods are generally thought of as a part of hyderabadi cuisine? END
START what is a large influence on hyderabadi food? END
START what is kaddu ki kheer? END
START what types of cuisine are noted within hyderabadi haleem? END
START when was the deccan times founded? END
START what is the deccan chronicle? END
START what type of paper is the siasat daily? END
START what year was the first radio station in hyderabad formed? END
START on what date did the first public radio station in hyderabad begin broadcasting? END
START when did doordarshan begin broadcasting in hyderabad? END
START what satellite network began broadcasting to hyderabad in july 1992? END
START in what year did the general public first get access to the internet in hyderabad? END
START the first private company to offer hyderabad internet service began offering it in what year? END
START what is doordarshan? END
START what entity controls the schools in hyderabad? END
START what percentage of students are in private schools in hyderabad? END
START which languages are used for teaching in the schools of hyderabad? END
START what type of educational plan does the central board of secondary education use in hyderabad? END
START students in hyderabad may be required to acquire one of two different certificates, one is  the secondary school certificate, what is the other? END
START how many universities are in hyderabad? END
START of the universities in hyderabad how many are state run? END
START maulana azad national urdu university is a type of university that represents what type of university? END
START what year was osmania university formed? END
START in 1982 the first long distance university was opened in india, what is it's name? END
START how many medical schools are in hyderabad? END
START what type of medicine is taught at the government nizamia tibbi college? END
START what non-profit cardiovascular educational association is headquartered in hyderabad? END
START what type of school is raffles millennium international? END
START what is the school otherwise known as iit-h? END
START there is a research institute in hyderabad known as icrisat, what does the acronym represent? END
START what type of is wigan and leigh college? END
START two of the most popular sports played in hyderabad include association football, what is the other? END
START what two world championships were held in hyderabad in 2009? END
START what sport is played at the swarnandhra pradesh sports complex? END
START where is the g.m.c. balayohi stadium located? END
START what is the home stadium of the hyderabad cricket association? END
START at what time was secunderabad an important sport center? END
START what type of racing is the hyderabad race club popular for? END
START what organization holds the tsd rally? END
START under whom did the secunderabad club and the nizam club form? END
START which annual derby is held at the hyderabad race club? END
START ghulam ahmed and shivlal yadav are what kind of sportsmen? END
START what sport does sania mirza play? END
START gagan narang does what sporting activity? END
START who is a notable bodybuilder from hyderabad? END
START pullela gopichand and saina nehwal are known in hyderabad for being what? END
START what type of transport that is not government owned is commonly used in hyderabad? END
START how many people are carried each day by the bus service network in hyderabad? END
START what is the light rail system in hyderabad known as? END
START how many passengers use the hyderabad light rail system each day? END
START what is setwin otherwise known as? END
START in 2012 how many vehicles were driving in hyderabad? END
START what percentage of the vehicles in hyderabad were cars in 2012? END
START what percentage of hyderabad city was covered by roads in 2012? END
START in 2012 what percentage of hyderabad freight was moved by road? END
START what is the maximum speed for buses in hyderabad? END
START how many national highways form a junction in hyderabad? END
START how many states are linked to from highways in hyderabad? END
START how many miles long is nh-7? END
START how many state highways pass through or begin in hyderabad? END
START what road connects hyderabad to bhopalpatnam? END
