START what type of city is santa monica? END
START what part of los angeles county is it located in? END
START what is santa monica named after? END
START approximately how many residents of santa monica rent their property? END
START what was the population in 2010 according to the census bureau? END
START how many renters are there in santa monica? END
START what lies to the west of santa monica? END
START how many condominiums are there in santa monica? END
START what's the population of brentwood? END
START what type of city is pacific palisades? END
START what did indigenous people that lived in santa monica call it previously? END
START what was the local population called indigenous to the santa monica area? END
START what was the first explorers name that came in contact with the natives? END
START what day is the santa monica feast held on? END
START what date did the explorer reach santa monica? END
START what language did gaspar de portola speak? END
START in what year was ohio avenue first laid down? END
START on what date did saint monica die? END
START in what year did juan crespi visit the area that santa monica is now in? END
START what language did juan crespi speak? END
START what ethic group grew in the 20th century? END
START what type of village was located on the long wharf? END
START what other ethic minority did white american's treat poorly? END
START how many ethnic minorities were looked at differently in santa monica? END
START what role did the fishing village play in santa monica? END
START in what century did white americans start living in santa monica? END
START how did japanese people treat chinese people in santa monica? END
START in what city is the long wharf? END
START in what city did more chinese people live? END
START in what century was the santa monica bay community established? END
START who built a plant in clover field? END
START what company was the structure at clover field for? END
START what did clover field built airplanes attempt the first of? END
START the douglas company had facilities in santa monica through what decade? END
START how many planes returned from the circumnavigation in 1924? END
START in what year was donald wills douglas, sr. born? END
START how many people worked for the douglas company? END
START in what year was the douglas company renamed as mcdonnell douglas? END
START who was one of the pilots that flew four douglas-built planes attempting the first aerial circumnavigation of the world? END
START in what decade did donald wills douglas, jr. die? END
START what brought on the douglas business's company growth? END
START how many people did the company employ in 1943? END
START the company used camouflage from what designers? END
START what was the camouflage designed to do? END
START what company started as a project in 1945? END
START how many people worked for warner brothers studio? END
START in what year was the douglas company founded? END
START in what year did world war ii end? END
START how big was warner brother studios' campus? END
START how many people were employed by rand? END
START what year was the sanat monica pier buildt? END
START what historic landmark is located on the pier? END
START la monica ballroom used to be what type of ballroom in the united states? END
START where were the academy awards held in the 1960's? END
START what place is still considered a prominent acoustic performance area? END
START in what year was the santa monica looff hippodrome built? END
START in what decade was the santa monica civic auditorium built? END
START in what year was the california heritage museum established? END
START in what building is the angels attic dollhouse? END
START in what year was the toy museum built? END
START the third street promenade is located in what part of santa monica? END
START how large is the third street promenade? END
START what is third street access shut off from? END
START what two major department stores are located at the third street promenade? END
START what year did the mall reopen? END
START how long is wilshire blvd.? END
START in what year was third street closed to vehicles? END
START in what year did nordstrom open its store? END
START what's at the north end of the promenade? END
START how long is broadway? END
START what event does the chamber of commerce host in the fall? END
START where is the taste of santa monica held each year? END
START what can visitors do at the taste of santa monica? END
START who provides the guests with these samples at the event? END
START what hotel offers a trip to the famer's market to influence dinner? END
START in what season is the business and consumer expo? END
START in what season is the state of the city held? END
START the sustainable quality awards is held in what season? END
START what's one of the restaurants that is part of the taste of santa monica? END
START where is the santa monica cares health and wellness festival held? END
START roughly how many days of sunshine does santa monica get annually?  END
START what usda hardiness zone is santa monica located in? END
START what commonly occurs on the mornings in may? END
START what have locals coined the morning time in may? END
START what is the beach temperature in fahrenheit during the summer ?  END
START what type of weather is common in april? END
START what's the average temperature during the summer at night in santa monica? END
START what the average temperature in winter in fahrenheit? END
START how many days is it foggy in santa monica each year? END
START how many days each year is is the beach area overcast? END
START in what two years were the first sustainable city plan's introduced? END
START water conservation policies have been adopted by what two sectors? END
START what percent of the city's public work's vehicles use alternate fuels? END
START what percent of the bus systems use alternate fuels? END
START what company provides the city with natural gas? END
START in what year did santa monica convert almost 100% of its municipal bus system to alternative fuels? END
START in what year was redeem founded? END
START in what city is redeem headquartered? END
START in what city is the organic landwill that redeem obtains its non-fracked methane biogas? END
START how many city public works vehicles are there in total in santa monica? END
START what is the name of the urban runoff facility? END
START how many gallons of water does (smurff) treat every week? END
START santa monica plans on water independence by what year? END
START how much money do residents get back for participating in water conservation per square foot? END
START if (smurff) did not collect water where would it go? END
START how much does smurff charge per gallon for its gray water? END
START how much rainwater falls in santa monica each week? END
START how much water is used by water intensive lawns each week? END
START what's the establishment year for the sustainable water master plan? END
START how much water a week is used by local drought-tolerant gardens? END
START what year does the city plan on having a bicycle infrastructure? END
START the city's bus system is being over hauled to work with what other program? END
START the city has two bike action plans of how many years? END
START what percentages does the city bike transportation mode's target? END
START what type of business certification do they plan on expanding? END
START in what year will the expo line be opened? END
START in what year is the urban forest initiative expected to meet its goal? END
START for how long has santa monica had curbside recycling? END
START what percentage of yard-waste is recycled? END
START in what percentage range is trash put into recycle bins? END
START what was the total average family size? END
START what percent of households were made of one person? END
START what percent of households had someone over 65 living in it? END
START roughly how many same-sex couples were there? END
START what percent of household have children under 18? END
START how many people under 18 are there in santa monica? END
START how many people under 65 are there in santa monica? END
START how many same-sex female married couples are there? END
START what is the average household size for those 65 and older? END
START what is the average family size for same-sex married couples? END
START how many citizen's were in the year 2000 census? END
START how many urban families were there? END
START what is the population density per square mile? END
START what percent in the 2000 census had persons under the age of 18? END
START from 2000 what was the average family size? END
START how many children under the age of 18 live in santa monica? END
START what's the average family size for latino's? END
START what's the average household size for pacific islander's? END
START how big is santa monica in regards to land space? END
START what population percentage is male householder with no wife present? END
START what year was the santa monica junior college founded? END
START how many acres of land is the santa monica junior college? END
START by what area is the art institute in santa monica? END
START there are a plethora of colleges and universities within what radius of santa monica? END
START how many students enroll to the smc annually?   END
START in what year was the frederick s. pardee rand graduate school established? END
START how many acres is the frederick s. pardee rand graduate school  campus? END
START how many students attend the frederick s. pardee rand graduate school? END
START what's the campus size of the art institute of california - los angeles? END
START how many students attend the emperor's college of traditional oriental medicine? END
START what plan launched a bicycle sharing system? END
START when was santa monica's bicycle sharing system launched? END
START what is the name of the bike trail that goes through santa monica? END
START when was the most recent bicycle friendly community award given to santa monica?  END
START what other year did santa monica receive the bicycle friendly community award? END
START when was the marvin braude bike trail built? END
START in what month in 2009 did santa monica receive the bronze bicycle friendly community award? END
START in what year was the league of american bicyclists founded? END
START where is the headquarters for the league of american bicyclists? END
START who was the founder of the league of american bicyclists? END
START what is the name of the santa monica freeway? END
START where does the santa monica freeway begin around? END
START how many more states aside from california does the interstate 10 run through? END
START what city and state does the interstate 10 end at? END
START what road does state route 2 begin on? END
START how many miles is state route 2? END
START on what street does the santa monica freeway begin? END
START how many miles is the angeles national forest from santa monica? END
START how long is interstate 405 in miles? END
START on what street does state route 1 originate? END
START beginning in what decade did the santa monica  expo air line host freight and passenger services? END
START what year did the santa monica freight and passenger service stop running? END
START diesel powered freight deliveries continued through what date? END
START what was the result from the discontinuation of using the line for deliveries? END
START who bought the expo line from southern pacific? END
START in what year were diesel-powered freight deliveries to warehouses first used on the expo line? END
START in what year did the los angeles metropolitan transportation authority by the expo line from southern pacific? END
START in what year were electric-powered freight trains invented? END
START it was decade was the los angeles metropolitan transportation authority established? END
START in what year was santa monica harbor built? END
START in 2006 what percent of the population was impacted by crime? END
START in 2006 what was crime mostly comprised of? END
START what percent of crime was strictly property in 2006? END
START how are the santa monica per-capita crime rates calculated? END
START the santa monica police department suggests that the per-capita crime rate sways in what way? END
START how many officers are there in the santa monica police department? END
START in 2006, what was the average crime rate for los angeles county? END
START in 2006, what was the average crime rate for california? END
START how many beachgoers are there each day in santa monica? END
START how many workers are there each day in santa monica? END
START in what year was there a double homicide? END
START where was this homicide perpetrated? END
START what gang is mentioned in connection with this crime? END
START what two people were killed inside the store? END
START where is the getaway driver of the culver city gang murder? END
START what was the name of the third culver city gang member? END
START what was the name of the westside clothing store's owner? END
START which santa monica 13 gang member committed a shooting just days prior? END
START what city were the victims from? END
START in what year was westside clothing founded? END
START what is one of the oldest exterior shots in santa monica? END
START what does this iconic exterior shot display? END
START what 1982 movie includes sylvester stallone running on the santa monica beach? END
START what 1996 movie was set completely in santa monica? END
START what movie was shot at samohi? END
START what is one of the santa monica streets seen in it's a mad, mad, mad, world? END
START who played the role of apollo creed? END
START who directed it's a mad, mad, mad, world? END
START in what year did john adams middle school first open its doors? END
START who plays the part of iron man? END
START what type of games is santa monica featured in? END
START in what year did tony hawk's american wasteland release? END
START what video game features santa monica in 2003? END
START grand theft auto v was released in what year? END
START what video game featured santa monica in 2015? END
START in what year is vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines set? END
START who was the main character in grand theft auto v? END
START who was the lead designer of cars race-o-rama? END
START what city is tony hawk from? END
START in what year is destroy all humans! set? END
START when was washington university founded? END
START how many nobel laureates have been affiliated with washington university? END
START where is washington university ranked among academic ranking of world universities? END
START for whom is washington university named?   END
START how many different countries comprise the makeup of faculty and students of washington university? END
START what undergraduate program is ranked first in the united states? END
START in what was u.s. news and world report first published? END
START in what year did the first nobel laureate graduate from washington university? END
START which university is ranked 1st in the world by the academic ranking of world universities? END
START in what year did the first international student at washington university? END
START who was the first chancellor of washington university? END
START when did washington university secure its charter? END
START what makes washington university unique among other american universities? END
START who was the first president of washington university? END
START what local businessman help provide support for the washington university? END
START in what year was joseph gibson hoyt born? END
START who was one of the members of the missouri general assembly in 1853? END
START what did did john o'fallon do for a living? END
START what was one of the major american universities that started with a prior financial endowment? END
START who named it washington university? END
START what was one of the names that was initially considered for washington university in st. louis? END
START what name was selected by the board of trustees in 1854 for washington university? END
START why did the board of trustees choose to name washing university after george washington? END
START when was the name washington university amended?  END
START when was the suffix "in st. louis" added to washington university? END
START in what year was washington university founded? END
START who was one of washington university's trustees in 1976? END
START who initially wanted washington university to be a seminary? END
START who was the nation's second president? END
START who was one of the board of trustees members in 1854? END
START where was washington university located?  END
START when did classes first begin at washington university? END
START what building was first used for classes at washington university? END
START what three departments were washington university divided? END
START what type of school did washington university first function? END
START on what road was the benton school building? END
START on what road was academic hall? END
START in what year did the university divide into three departments? END
START on what date did the first school year end? END
START in what year did washington university become a day school? END
START when was did washington university open its law school? END
START when did washington university establish its medical school?  END
START who was robert somers brookings? END
START when did st. louis medical college affiliate itself with washington university? END
START in what year was robert sommers brookings born? END
START in what year was the st. louis medical college founded? END
START what was the first private sectarian law school west of the mississippi river? END
START what was the first public law school west of the mississippi river? END
START what was the first private sectarian school west of the mississippi river? END
START where was washington university located during the first half of the 1800's.  END
START when did washington university begin to expand west? END
START what architecture firm was hired by the board of directors at washington university?  END
START who was on the committee that found a new site for washington university? END
START what nickname was given to the new campus site? END
START in what decade was the manual school established? END
START who was one of the university's board of directors members in the 1890s? END
START what city was robert brookings originally from? END
START who designed the manual school? END
START what is one of the streets that the danforth campus now lies next to? END
START when did washington university hold a national design contest for the new campus? END
START what firm won the washington university national design contest? END
START when was the cornerstone laid for busch hall? END
START what were the names of the three buildings constructed after busch hall? END
START why did washington university delay occupying of the new campus buildings until 1905? END
START in what year was oxford founded? END
START on what date did brookings hall have its cornerstone laid? END
START on what date did construction begin on the cupples building? END
START on what date was construction completed on ridgley? END
START in what year was cope & stewardson founded? END
START what role did arthur holly compton serve at washington university? END
START who reestablished washington university's football team? END
START what helped lead to the increase of enrollment at washington university during arthur holly compton's term as chancellor? END
START what declaration did arthur holly compton make about athletics at washington university? END
START where did arthur holly compton work before returning to washington university? END
START who was washington university's eight chancellor? END
START in what year did washington university's first football program get shut down? END
START in what year did world war ii start? END
START what position did arthur holly compton have at the university of chicago? END
START in what year did the university of chicago get founded? END
START when did washington university begin desegregation? END
START what were the first schools to become integrated at washington university?  END
START what student group campaigned for full integration at washington university in 1949? END
START what organization sought to strip washington university of its tax-exempt status in the 1940's? END
START when did the board of trustees pass a resolution to desegregate the washington university undergraduate division?  END
START in what year was the student committee for admission of negroes established? END
START what was one of the last school's at washington university to be desegregated? END
START in what year was the school of social work established at washington university? END
START what is naacp and acronym of? END
START in what year was the local urban league established? END
START when did washington university begin construction of a complex of residential halls? END
START what name was given to the new residential complex constructed at washington university? END
START how did the construction of the new residential complex at washington university affect the student population? END
START what proportion of students at washington university came from outside the st. louis area by 1964? END
START when did washington university transition to a national research institution? END
START in what year did construction start on the "south 40"? END
START in what year was construction completed on the "south 40"? END
START what percentage of incoming students came from outside the st. louis area in 1957? END
START in what type of housing did the commuter students live in? END
START what years were presidential debates held at washington university? END
START what building at washington university was used to host the presidential debates? END
START why was the presidential debate canceled in 1996 at washington university?   END
START when was the only vice presidential debate held at washington university? END
START who were the candidates in the vice presidential debate at washington university? END
START in what year was the washington university athletic complex built? END
START who was one of the presidential candidates to debate in 1992? END
START who was one of the presidential candidates to debate in 2000? END
START who was one of the presidential candidates in 1996? END
START was it presidential or vice presidential debate held at washington university in 2000? END
START what was chancellor wrighton's initial sentiment to hosting another presidential debate at washington university after 2004? END
START what did  chancellor wrighton state as one of the reasons for hosting another debate at washington university? END
START what year did chancellor wrighton submit another bid for a presidential debate at washington university after 2004?  END
START in what year did wrighton become chancellor? END
START who said it would be "probable" that their university would ask to host another debate in 2004? END
START who said "these common events are a great experience for our students..." in 2008? END
START what type of events bring local attention to the st. louis region? END
START what was the very first year that washington university hosted a presidential debate? END
START how many freshman class applications did washington university receive in 2013? END
START what percentage of incoming freshman at washington university were in the top %10 of their class in 2013?  END
START where did washington university rank among private universities for national merit scholar freshman in 2006? END
START when was washington university ranked #1 for quality of life? END
START what percent of applicants were admitted to olin business school in 2007?  END
START what private university had the most enrolled national merit scholar freshman in 2006? END
START what was washington university's rank in 2006 for quality of life? END
START what percentage applicants did the olin business school accept in 2006? END
START how many applications did washington university receive in 2006? END
START how many were in the freshmen class of 2006? END
START what is the current national rank of the school of medicine at washington university? END
START what is the current national rank of brown school of social work? END
START what program at washington university ranks first in the 2016 in the u.s. news & world reports rankings? END
START where did the school of law rank in  2015 by the u.s. news & world reports? END
START what year did the graduate school of architecture and urban design rank ninth by designintellence? END
START what school of medicine is ranked first in the nation? END
START what is the graduate school of architecture and urban designs rank as of 2016? END
START who ranked the george warren brown school of social work first in the nation? END
START who ranked the washington university school of medicine sixth in the nation? END
START what was the school of medicine's rank in 2013? END
START where is washington university's north campus located? END
START when was the building and property for the north campus of washington university acquired?  END
START what previously occupied the building used at the north campus of washington university? END
START for what department does the north campus location of washington university provide off-site storage?  END
START who is washington university's food provider on campus? END
START on what campuses are the student focused administrative functions located? END
START what does the west campus lie near? END
START in what year did the school acquire the west campus building? END
START in what year did bob appetit management company become the on-campus food provider? END
START what is something based in the west campus? END
START where is the west campus of washington university located? END
START what was previously located at the west campus of washington university? END
START when did the university acquire the property for the west campus? END
START what is located in the basement level of the west campus?  END
START what department located at the west campus provides it services? END
START on what floor are the information system offices? END
START in what city is the danforth campus? END
START in what year did the famous-barr department store but a location in clayton, missouri? END
START on what floor is capital gifts? END
START on what floor is portions of alumni and development? END
START where is tyson research center located? END
START when did washington university acquire the property for tyson research center? END
START what is the function of tyson research center? END
START when was the living learning center accredited as a "living building"? END
START who previously owned the property where tyson research center is located? END
START in what year was the living learning center established? END
START how big is the washington university campus? END
START besides the living learning center what was the other building accredited as a "living building"? END
START in what year was the living building challenge issued? END
START how many divisions make up arts & sciences at washington university? END
START who is the dean of faculty of arts & sciences at washington university? END
START what positions did james mcleod hold at washington university? END
START when did james mcleod pass away? END
START what position does richard j. smith hold at washington university? END
START in what year did barbara schaal become the dean of the faculty of arts & science? END
START in what year did jame e. mcleod become vice chancellor for students? END
START in what year did jame e. mcleod become dean of the college of arts & sciences? END
START who is the current dean of the college of arts & sciences? END
START who is the current vice chancellor for students? END
START when was olin business school founded? END
START what was the original name of olin business school?  END
START after whom is olin business school named? END
START when was olin business school named? END
START where was an executive mba program established by washington university in 2002? END
START when was john m. olin born? END
START in what year was fudan university established? END
START in what field was john m. olin an entrepreneur in? END
START in what year did the olin business school start offering its ms in finance degree? END
START in what year did john m. olin die? END
START how many alumni does olin business school have worldwide? END
START what is the amount of olin business school's endowment as of 2004? END
START when was simon hall opened? END
START who provided the donation that enabled the opening  simon hall? END
START when were knight and bauer halls dedicated? END
START how much money did john e. simon donate? END
START in what year was the bauer foundation established? END
START how much did simon hall cost to build? END
START how much did the knight hall cost to build? END
START how much did the bauer hall cost to build? END
START how many majors are available to students in the business school at washington university? END
START what options are available for graduate students in pursuing an mba at washington university?  END
START who is the dean of the olin business school? END
START what percent of coursework is done at the business school by undergraduate students at washington university? END
START what university did mahendra r. gupta graduate from? END
START how many types of mba's does washington university offer? END
START how can undergraduate students attend bsba? END
START what percentage of an mba students courses are at the business school? END
START with what schools does the washington university school of law offer joint-degree programs?  END
START what llm degree programs are offered by the washington university school of law? END
START how many semesters of courses are offered by washington university school of law? END
START how many hours of coursework are required to obtain a jd at the washington university school of law? END
START during what seasons are courses offered at the washington university school of law? END
START what school does someone need to attend to get a llm in taxation? END
START how many semesters does it take to complete a llm in taxation? END
START what school does a student need to attend to get a master of juridicial studies? END
START how many semesters does it take to earn a llm in intellectual property and technology law? END
START what is one of the schools a juris scientiae doctoris attends? END
START where is the washington university school of law ranked in the 2015 us news & world report america's best graduate schools? END
START where do students in the washington university school of law place among test takers on average? END
START when does full-time coursework j.d. begin at the  washington university school of law begin? END
START what building provides the location of the washington university school of law? END
START where does the washington university school of law rank among "25 most wired law schools"? END
START in 2015 what graduate school was ranked best by us news & world report? END
START what university was ranked as the 1st among the "25 most wired law schools"? END
START in what year did national jurist ranked washington university among the "25 most wired law schools"? END
START in what year was the clinical education program established? END
START in what year was the clinical education program ranked 4th in the nation? END
START when was the washington university school of medicine founded? END
START where does the washington university school of medicine rank in student selectivity? END
START who is the director of the genome center at washington university? END
START how much of a contribution did the genome center at washington university make in sequencing the human genome project? END
START what hospitals partner with the washington university school of medicine? END
START who directs the washington university school of medicine? END
START in what year did the washington university school of medicine partner with st. louis children's hospital? END
START in what year did the washington university school of medicine partner with barnes-jewish hospital? END
START in what year was st. louis children's hospital founded? END
START in what year was barnes-jewish hospital founded? END
START when was the george warren brown school of social work founded? END
START by what other names is the george warren brown school of social work known? END
START what degree programs are offered by the george warren brown school of social work? END
START what roles was george warren brown known? END
START what facilities house the  george warren brown school of social work? END
START in what year was the  association of schools and programs of public health established? END
START in what year did brown start offering a master of social work? END
START in what year did george warren brown die? END
START in what year was goldfarb hall built? END
START how large is brown hall? END
START who is the brown school's current dean?  END
START how many research centers are housed by the brown school?  END
START what topics of emphasis are contained in the brown school library collection? END
START to how many academic journals does the brown school library subscribe? END
START what areas does the brown school library have represented scholars? END
START how many academic journal subscriptions does the brown school library have for mental health issues? END
START how many nationally and internationally acclaimed scholars work for brown? END
START how many academic journal subscriptions does the brown school library have for gerontology? END
START how many of the facility have trained in both social work and public health? END
START how many academic journal subscriptions does the brown school library have for family therapy? END
START when was the mildred lane kemper art museum established? END
START from what centuries does  the mildred lane kemper art museum have collections? END
START when did the mildred lane kemper art museum changed locations?  END
START who designed the new location of  the mildred lane kemper art museum? END
START what facility was fumihiko maki's first commission? END
START what is the oldest teaching museum in the country? END
START in what year was george caleb bingham born? END
START in what year was the newman money museum established? END
START how big is the kemper art museum? END
START who designed the newman money museum? END
START how many schools does washington university have? END
START what percent of undergraduate students are involved in faculty research? END
START how does the center for measuring university performance rank washington university? END
START where is the office of undergraduate research located? END
START what percentage of faculty members at washington university engage in academic research? END
START where is the center for measuring university performance located? END
START what is considered the top 10 private research university in the nation? END
START what university is known for interdisciplinarity and departmental noncooperation? END
START how much money in financial support did washington university receive in 2007? END
START how many inventions does washington university have funded by the national institute of health?   END
START what percentage of nh grants in missouri went to washington university?  END
START what percentage of the sequencing did the washington university medical school contribute to the human genome project? END
START what  are some organisms for which  the genome sequencing center at  washington university medical provided genome decoding? END
START how much money did washington university receive in fiscal year 2006 for total research support? END
START how much in federal obligations was spent in total research support in fiscal year 2007? END
START in what year was the human genome project started? END
START what percentage of plants have had their genome sequenced? END
START what percentage of animals have had their genome sequenced? END
START how many student organizations does washington university have on campus? END
START how are most student organizations at washington university funded? END
START what is the amount of the washington university student union annual budget? END
START how many fraternities are located at washington university? END
START what percentage of students are involved in greek life at washington university? END
START what percentage of undergraduate student organizations are funded by the washington university student union? END
START how much does the washington university radio program take to run per year? END
START in what year did the radio station kwur first air? END
START how much does it cost to run the congress of the south 40 annually? END
START how many weekly lecture series are there on the washington university campus each year? END
START how many a cappella groups does washington university have? END
START what is the name of the oldest a cappella group at washington university? END
START what is the oldest female a cappella group at washington university? END
START when was the oldest co-ed  a cappella group at washington university founded? END
START when did the group after dark perform msnbc? END
START how many member are there in the pikers a cappella group? END
START in what year were the greenleafs founded? END
START how many albums have the pikers produced? END
START which university did nobel laureate douglass north graduate from? END
START how many albums have the greenleafs produced? END
START what percent of undergraduate students live on campus at washington university? END
START where are most residence halls located at washington university? END
START how did the south 40 get its name? END
START where are all freshman residence buildings at washington university located? END
START what is the gender make-up of the residence halls at washington university? END
START what percentage of the residence halls are located on the south 40? END
START how large is the danforth campus? END
START besides the south 40 where else are upperclassman buildings at? END
START what type of environment is the danforth campus? END
START how many student owned businesses are there in the south 40? END
START where is the village located at washington university? END
START what students are allowed in the north side residences at washington university? END
START how many students are composed in blocs? END
START what residences comprise the north side of washington university? END
START how are students grouped in blocs at  the village residences? END
START which north side structure is closest to the zeta beta tau fraternity house? END
START what is to the northeast of washington university? END
START how many sororities are there at washington university? END
START how many fraternities are there at washington university? END
START how many january scholars are there typically at washington university? END
START how many media outlets does washington university support? END
START what is the official student radio station at washington university? END
START what is the name of washington university's political publication? END
START what is washington university's closed circuit television network?  END
START what are the names of the art journals published by washington university? END
START how many student-run political publications are there at washington university? END
START how often do washington university undergraduates publish their literary and art journals? END
START what has the surrounding community called the content of student life? END
START how often are in-house academic journals published typically? END
START how often are glossy alumni magazines sent out to former students? END
START what is the name of the washington university sports teams? END
START at what division level does the washington university sports teams compete? END
START how many ncaa division championships have the washington university sports teams won? END
START in what years did the washington university men's basketball teams win division championships? END
START who is the head of the washington university athletic department? END
START when did washington university become part of the university athletic association? END
START how many women's tennis ncaa division iii championships have they won? END
START how many men's cross country ncaa division iii championships have they won? END
START what sport did john schael play when he was in college? END
START how many men's volleyball ncaa division iii championships have they won? END
START what is the cia's main focus? END
START what does fbi stand for? END
START what is the only agency that is authorized to carry out action on behalf of the president? END
START who is in charge of the day to day operation of the cia? END
START what is the title of the person who manages the relationship between the cia and the unified combatant commands? END
START what three ways does the executive office support the u.s. military? END
START who produces all source intelligence investigations? END
START how many regional analytic groups does the directorate of analysis have? END
START how many groups does the directorate of analysis have for transnational issues? END
START the directorate of analysis has an office dedicated to what country? END
START how many groups of the directorate of analysis focus on policy, collection and staff support? END
START what office is in charge of collecting foreign intelligence? END
START what is the main reason the directorate of operations was created? END
START what intelligence service did the department of defense recently create? END
START what does dia stand for? END
START what is dod short for? END
START in what year did the cia establish its first training facility? END
START what was the name of the first training facility that was established by the cia? END
START what event decreased the cia's training budget? END
START who was the director of central intelligence in 2002? END
START how many annual courses does the cia university have? END
START what year was the central intelligence agency act created? END
START who is the only federal employee that can spend un-vouched for money? END
START how much money was spent on non-military intelligence in 2013? END
START what was the 2013 annual budget for the cia's humint? END
START what two major things does the cia's "covert action programs" include? END
START what was the first year the cia's budget was disclosed? END
START who disclosed the cia's budget for 2005? END
START what group accidentally published the non cia budget in 1994? END
START what plan appropriated $13.7 billion over five years? END
START what percent of the $13.7 billion did the cia receive? END
START what is the uk's equivalent to the cia? END
START what does asis stand for? END
START what is the name of israel's intelligence agency? END
START what is the acronym for french's intelligence service? END
START what is the acronym for india's research and analysis wing? END
START which four countries can share communications with the u.s. ic? END
START what does noforn stand for? END
START what is the special marking that shows messages can be shared with these other five countries? END
START what president authorized the creation of the intelligence service? END
START who's secret intelligence service was the us's modeled after? END
START what does oss stand for? END
START who signed the order to get rid of the oss? END
START in what year was the oss dissolved? END
START which act got rid of the nia and the cig? END
START what program handled "essential aliens" that did not fall under normal immigration policies? END
START lawrence houston helped to draft what act in 1949? END
START who was appointed to be the new director of the cia in 1950? END
START where was most of the cia's intelligence coming from before 1950? END
START what president announced the new cia director? END
START who wanted the cia to have a central group that organized information for him? END
START what did the department of defense want from the cia? END
START what was the state department hoping for the cia to do? END
START what was one of the main targets of intelligence gathering? END
START who created the office of special operations? END
START what was the office of special operations initial budget? END
START who was the oso trying to track and gain intelligence on? END
START what does ore stand for? END
START directive 10/2 called for actions against who? END
START in what year was directive 10/2 issued? END
START who was the head of the opc? END
START most cia stations had how many chiefs? END
START how many troops did the chinese enter into the korean war? END
START who compromised hundreds of airdrops? END
START who was a russian translator and soviet spy? END
START what type of stimuli causes pain? END
START what type of feeling is pain? END
START why has defining pain been a challenge? END
START what organization's definition is widely used? END
START in medical diagnosis, what is pain considered? END
START what definition does the international association for the pain study use for pain? END
START what is pain in complex diagnosis? END
START what is the national association  for the study of pain's definition for pain? END
START what is an intense phenomenon?  END
START what is the most common reason people go to the doctor in first world countries? END
START how can pain effect a person's quality of life and general functioning? END
START excitement and distraction are what type of factors which affect pain's intensity? END
START what has pain sometimes been used as an argument to allow terminally ill patients the right to do? END
START what is a developed symptom in most medical conditions? END
START what are social suggestion, hypnotic excitement and distraction? END
START what has been used in argument for patient-assisted suicide? END
START what is the most common reason for physician euthanasia?  END
START what year did the iasp respond to the need to create a more useful system for describing pain? END
START how many classes of pain does the iasp system note? END
START who has criticized the iasp's system? END
START what do some people feel the iasp's system is inadequate for? END
START how many classes of research does woolf encourage? END
START what did the isap do in 1949? END
START how many classes of pain does j. woolf clifford suggest? END
START what is the definition of pathological dysfunction? END
START what system did woolf j. clifford criticize?  END
START what was needed in 1949? END
START what is usually temporary? END
START how long does pain tend to last? END
START what is pain which resolves quickly called? END
START what has the distinction between acute and chronic pain been arbitrarily measured by? END
START what might chronic pain sometimes be referred to as? END
START what types of transitory pain persist for years? END
START what is acute pain lasting a long time called? END
START how many months does acute pain last? END
START what is a popular definition that used an arbitrarily fixed duration of time? END
START stimulating nociceptors will induce which type of pain? END
START how is nociceptive pain classified? END
START the thermal category of pain deals with which two temperature ranges? END
START crushing, tearing and shearing are examples of which type of pain? END
START what is the term for nociceptors which respond to more than one type of stimuli? END
START what type of pain is caused by stimulation of fiber? END
START what are the common categories of modalities pain? END
START what does mechanical pain refer to along with cold? END
START what type of of pain is visceral a division of? END
START what type of structures are sensitive to being stretched but not very sensitive to burning? END
START what can visceral pain be accompanied by? END
START which type of pain is dull, aching and hard to pin-point? END
START what type of pain are first degree burns classified as causing? END
START what categories is visceral pain divided into? END
START what is deep visceral pain initiated by? END
START what are some examples of deep visceral pain? END
START what is superficial somatic pain initiated by? END
START what percentage of people who've had upper limbs amputated feel phantom pain? END
START what is the percentage of of phantom pain felt by lower limb amputees? END
START after six months, what percentage of people who had limbs amputated still felt pain in those limbs? END
START what may happen with intact body parts if there is continuous pain for a long period? END
START what may accompany urination for amputees?  END
START what do 54% of upper limb amputees experience?  END
START what do 82% of lower limb amputees experience? END
START what did 72% of patients experience six days after amputation? END
START what did 65% of patients report eight months after amputation? END
START what happens when an anesthetic injection is directed into the nerves a limb stump? END
START how long can an anesthetic, at max, relieve pain for, despite wearing off in only hours? END
START what is injected in small amounts into the soft tissue between vertebrae to produce local pain? END
START vibrating the stump of an amputee's limb can produce what in some patients? END
START what happens when an injection is placed into nerves? END
START where is anesthetic saline injected?  END
START what does vigorous stimulation provide? END
START what does electrical vibration provide? END
START what is paraplegia? END
START what can cause paraplegia? END
START what is the initial phantom body pain sensation experienced by people with spinal cord damage? END
START the sensation of a knife twisting in the flesh is an example of what type of pain? END
START what is an inefficient treatment for chronic pain which rarely provides any sort of true relief? END
START what is the loss of voluntary sensation? END
START how is phantom spinal pain initially described? END
START what treatment provides lasting relief? END
START when people have long-term pain, what do they frequently display? END
START what triad are the inventory scales of hysteria, depression and hypochondriasis classified as? END
START clinical evidence indicates that neuroticism is caused by what? END
START if long-term pain can be relieved by therapy, what does a person's neurotic triad score do? END
START what shows improvement in many patients once their pain has been resolved? END
START what do people with long-term psychological disturbance display? END
START what are the scales of the multiphasic minnesota personality inventory? END
START what is the triad neurotic? END
START what is acute pain said to cause? END
START what is the term for pain which is acute and note alleviated by normal pain management? END
START how do cancer patients usually control their background pain? END
START who is breakthrough pain common among? END
START what class of medication is fentanyl an example of? END
START what activity in relation to breakthrough pain requires heavy use of opiods? END
START what is acute transitory pain also known as? END
START what does management of acute transitory pain entail? END
START how does acute transitory pain come on? END
START iasp's definition of pain includes what aspect as an essential part? END
START what is it possible to induce which is, contrary to expectations, devoid of unpleasantness? END
START which type of injection has caused patients to report they have pain but aren't bothered by it? END
START how much do some patients going through psychosurgery suffer from the sensation of pain? END
START what perspective towards pain are some people with perfectly normal nerves born with? END
START what is an essential part of the aisp definition of pain? END
START what is the result of psychosurgery injection? END
START what is present from birth? END
START an abnormality of the nervous system can render a small number of people insensitive to what? END
START what is it known as when someone is born without being able to feel pain because of their nervous system? END
START what happens to children with congenital insensitivity to pain? END
START what is the life expectancy for people who can't feel pain? END
START what gene is responsible for coding for a sodium channel necessary for conducting pain nerve stimuli? END
START what is an insensitivity to congenital pain? END
START what do most people with congenital insensitivity to pain have five of? END
START what is congenital dysautonomia a type of? END
START what has been linked to mutations of the sca9n gene? END
START what does the sca9n gene do? END
START when was descartes pontificating about his theories regarding pain? END
START what did descartes think pain was? END
START what theory perceives pain as being a specific sensation? END
START what state does the intensive theory conceive pain as being? END
START who migrated to the theory of specificity en mass? END
START who theorized about pain in 1464? END
START what did descartes rene theorize about pain? END
START who prefigured the 18th-century development of specificity theory? END
START how was specificity regarded by the mid-1980s? END
START what did henry von frey and max head make? END
START what year was peripheral pattern theory developed?  END
START whose suggestion prompted the development of peripheral pattern theory? END
START what did dc sinclair and g weddell propose a property of all skin fiber endings is? END
START what does the gate control theory specify the diameter of which is responsible for the amount of pain sensation? END
START why were peripheral pattern theory and gate control theory left behind? END
START what did dc sinclair develop in 1934? END
START what did dc weddell and g sinclair develop?  END
START what is the 1934 peripheral pattern theory based on? END
START what article was introduced in 1956? END
START what did ronald wall and patrick melzack introduce? END
START how many dimensions did melzack and casey describe pain in terms of? END
START the affective-motivational dimension of pain is characterized by what urge? END
START what did melzack and casey theorize could influence the perception of the magnitude of pain? END
START war game excitement appears to block what aspect of pain? END
START what did melack's and casey's paper end with a call towards? END
START who described pain in 1986? END
START how many dimensions did ronald casey and kenneth melzack describe pain in? END
START how many dimensions of pain are described by ronald casey and kenneth melzack? END
START how does ronald casey's paper end? END
START what type of signal can be generated by intense enough stimulation of any sensory receptor? END
START what types of stimuli can't some sensory fibers differentiate between? END
START what type of stimuli do nociceptors response to? END
START what does stimuli generate to send signals along a nerve fiber? END
START how many different types of ion channels have so far been identified? END
START who came up with the intensive theory in 1784? END
START what did wilhelm erb come up with in 1784? END
START what is erb wilhelm's intensive theory? END
START what happened to erb wilhelm's theory? END
START how many different types of nociceptor chemical channels have been identified? END
START how does the pain signal travel from the periphery to the spinal cord? END
START which fiber is thicker? END
START what is the electrically insulting material that sheaths a-delta fiber? END
START what is pain evoked by a-delta fibers described as? END
START how do first order neurons enter the spinal cord? END
START what travels along a c-delta or a fiber? END
START what is the name for an insulating material? END
START what is evoked by the faster c deltas? END
START what do a fibers carry? END
START what are some spinal cord fibers exclusive to? END
START pain signals travel first to what region of the brain? END
START what are dynamic range neurons? END
START where does pain-related activity in the thalamus spread to?  END
START pain which is distinctly located also activates what cortices?  END
START where do pain signals travel up to from the thalamus? END
START what are dynamic wide range neurons? END
START what signals do the a-delta fibers carry? END
START what does the cingulate cortex anterior embody? END
START whose 1986 picture of pain is influential today? END
START who wrote "the greatest show on earth: the evidence for evolution"? END
START what does dawkins explain must compete with each other in living begins? END
START what would be the most fit creature? END
START what might the relative intensities of pain resemble? END
START what type of designer is natural selection? END
START what book did dawkins richard write? END
START what profession does dawkins richard hold? END
START what is red flag supernatural stimuli? END
START along with with ethnicity and genetics, what is the other factor associated with differences in pain perception? END
START what might some people of mediterranean origin report as painful that people of this origin wouldn't? END
START what nationality can tolerate the least amount of electric shock? END
START what do some individuals in all cultures have significantly higher than normal? END
START patients who have painless heart attacks have higher what? END
START what are pain thresholds and tolerance perception associated with? END
START who do native american women tolerate less intense electric shock than? END
START who do italian woman report more painful radiant heat intensities than? END
START what is the most reliable measure of pain? END
START what do health-care professionals tend to underestimate?  END
START what did margo mccaffery introduce in 1968? END
START what scale might a patient be asked to locate their pain on? END
START what are patients asked to use the mcgill pain questionnaire to indicate? END
START what is a person's health care report? END
START who defined pain in 1986? END
START what is the definition margo mccaffery gave for pain in 1986? END
START what is the number range on the mccaffery pain scale? END
START what is mpi an abbreviation for? END
START how many classes of chronic pain patients are there? END
START what do dysfunctional people perceive the severity of their pain to be? END
START what do interpersonally distressed people feel their significant others aren't supportive of? END
START what should mpi characterization of a person be combined with for deriving the most useful case descriptions? END
START what is the mip? END
START what does mip stand for? END
START how many classes of chronic pain patient did turk and rudy find in 1898? END
START what is the definition of a dysfunctional pain patient according to the 1898 results of turk and rudy? END
START what is the definition of adaptive copers according to the 1898 results by turk and rudy? END
START what become critical when a person is non-verbal?  END
START what can be monitored as pain indicators? END
START facial grimacing and guarding indicate what? END
START what type of social behavior might patients experiencing pain exhibit? END
START how can patients with dementia indicate discomfort exists? END
START when does grimacing become critical?  END
START in what patients does a decrease in confusion signal pain? END
START what is an increased range of motion a sign of? END
START what can a change in baseline that deviates from the condition be a sign of? END
START what does the experience of pain have throughout cultures? END
START what might an aging adult not respond to the same way as a younger person would? END
START aging adult's ability to recognize pain may be blunted by what? END
START why may older adults quit doing activities the love? END
START an older adult may also not report pain because they're scared they may be put on what? END
START how many dimensions does the cultural experience of pain have? END
START what are examples of sociocharacteristics? END
START what condition may cause an older adult to report they are in pain? END
START what are reasons a younger adult might refrain from reporting pain? END
START what kind of barriers can prevent a person from telling someone they're in pain? END
START how can religious beliefs contribute to a person remaining in pain? END
START some people may not report pain because they think it's a sign what is near? END
START what do many people fear pain treatment will lead to? END
START what is an issue of reporting pain specific to asians? END
START what can cultural beliefs keep a person from doing? END
START what can religious barriers prevent? END
START what race feels they should report pain right away to not lose respect in society? END
START what do stoic women do about pain? END
START what are men expected to show while being emotional? END
START what does the iasp advocate that the relief of pain should be recognized as? END
START what should chronic pain be considered in its own right? END
START what two countries is treating pain a specialty in? END
START what is pain medicine often under disciplines like physiatry, neurology, etc? END
START as of 2011, how many people worldwide are still denied access to inexpensive medications for severe pain? END
START what does the international association for pain study advocate for? END
START what does the international association for pain study believe about chronic pain? END
START what does the international association for pain study believe about pain medicine? END
START what did human rights watch do in 2101? END
START what, when taken orally, can reduce total crying time of newsborns undergoing a painful procedure? END
START what doesn't sugar change the effect of pain on? END
START sugar also doesn't measurably change what type of electrical activity in the brains of newborns a second after the heel lance procedure? END
START a sweet oral liquid does moderately reduce the incidence and duration of what? END
START what reduces the duration of the first cry in newborns undergoing painful procedures? END
START what reduces the duration of crying in children between one and twelve years of age? END
START what does sugar moderate the effect of pain on? END
START clinical hypnosis may be effective in doing what with pain associated with surgical procedures in adults and children? END
START how many studies in 2007 found evidence for the efficacy of hypnosis in the reduction of chronic pain? END
START what did the studies regarding the effectiveness of hypnosis lack? END
START what is considerable more research needed to determine for different chronic pain conditions? END
START what did a 2013 review of 7 studies find? END
START what did meta-analyses find to be effective in controlling surgical procedures? END
START what was found about the number of participants in 7 studies? END
START what is the most common reason people seek out alternative medicine? END
START what did an analysis of the 13 studies of pain treatment conclude about the effect of real treament versus sham treatments? END
START some contradictory reviews of 13 high quality studies found actual what? END
START what medicine is there tentative evidence for the efficacy of? END
START other than in osteomalacia, what is there no evidence of a relationship between pain and? END
START what did a january 2013 study find? END
START what was the treatment method of the 9 studies published in 2013? END
START what is the other interest in the relationship with vitamins? END
START what type of topic is physical pain important in relation to many issues? END
START corporal punishment is a form of what type of pain? END
START what is corporal punishment used as retribution for? END
START how does pain inform attitudes deemed unacceptable? END
START what kind of practices do some cultures highly regard? END
START what is animal rights in relation to various issues? END
START what important political issues relate to infliction of pain? END
START what reasons are given for pain? END
START what cultural practices are highly regarded as torture? END
START what is the most reliable method of learning about pain in a human? END
START what can't animals answer? END
START what did descartes argue animals lack? END
START what university is bernard rollin associated with? END
START can invertebrate species of animals like insects feel pain and suffering? END
START what is the word "infants" mean in latin? END
START what did rene rollin argue about animals and pain? END
START what was bernard descartes' opinion on animals and pain? END
START what did rene carbone write about animals and pain? END
START how clear is the ability of vertebrae species to feel pain? END
START what about pain in an animal isn't able to be known with certainty? END
START an animals physical and behavioral reactions may be inferred to indicate the presence of what? END
START who do specialists believe can feel pain? END
START no mechanism is known by which what organisms would be able to have a feeling such as pain? END
START what do fungi and fruit flies seem to lack? END
START what can be known for certain in animals? END
START what do specialists say all invertebrates can feel? END
START what does a fruit fly not have? END
START what does dbms stand for? END
START what is the purpose of a dbms? END
START how are dbmss classified? END
START what is the most popular dbms? END
START what does dbms stand against? END
START what is a dbms designed to avoid? END
START what is generally portable across different dbmss? END
START what is the least popular dbms? END
START when did popular database systems stop releasing updates? END
START how is data accessed? END
START a dbms consists of what? END
START how much data can a dbms store? END
START what does a database refer to informally? END
START what requires a user to use more than one database? END
START what allows the entry, storage and retrieval of only small quantities of information? END
START how much data is typically lost by a dbms? END
START what is used to recover data if disks suffer a failure? END
START how can large quantities of data be accessed? END
START what do most database applications contain? END
START what is required for a modern dbms to function? END
START what is used to destroy data if disks suffer a failure? END
START how can no quantities of data be accessed? END
START what do most database applications not integrate? END
START what is required for a broken dbms to function? END
START what are non-dedicated computers that hold databases called? END
START how long can it take to create a dbms? END
START name three dbmss that have been used since the 1970s. END
START how is the cost to create a dbms distributed? END
START name an example of a general-purpose dbms. END
START how long can it take to search for a dbms? END
START what are three dbmss that have been used during the 1960s? END
START how is the cost to remove a dbms distributed? END
START what is always the optimal solution to manage databases? END
START how are many databases accessed? END
START how do administrators work with the dbms? END
START what is a way for programmers to use the dbms? END
START how are no databases accessed? END
START how do administrators no longer work with the dbms? END
START what is a way for programmers to avoid dbms? END
START who is not typically allowed to interact with a dbms? END
START who needs less knowledge and understanding about how dbmss operate? END
START who created the relational model of dbms? END
START instead of using links, how was information found in a relational model? END
START in what decade did computer hardware become able to handle a relational system? END
START what type of system in still prominent to this day? END
START what database language is the most prominent? END
START who was falsely misrepresented as having created the relational model of dbms? END
START how was information lost in a relational model? END
START what decade did computer hardware lose the ability to handle a relational system? END
START what type of system in rarely seen to this day? END
START what database language is now outlawed? END
START when were dbmss first used commercially? END
START what group discovered cobol? END
START why was cobol created? END
START what was the standard protocol called? END
START when was the standard protocol completed? END
START when were dbmss last used commercially? END
START what group destroyed cobol? END
START why was cobol removed? END
START when was the standard taken away? END
START what was the name of the incomplete standard? END
START what was the dbms created by ibm called? END
START what was the purpose of the ibm dbms? END
START what is the classification of ims? END
START what was the name of bachman's turing award presentation in 1973? END
START what was the dbms designed for ibm by a third-party called? END
START what was irrelevant to the ibm dbms? END
START what is the classification of ims not considered? END
START what was the name of bachman's turing award presentation in 1972? END
START when did ibm lose their own dbms? END
START who proposed using a table to store data? END
START how is data accessed in a table? END
START what model solved the problem of databases where information was missing? END
START what system assists a user in seeing a table? END
START who proposed using a table to remove data? END
START how is data lost in a table? END
START what model couldn't solve the problem of databases where information was missing? END
START what system can't assist a user in seeing a table? END
START how was the relational model able to improve over time? END
START what is the relationship called in a hierarchical model? END
START what is the relationship called in a navigational model? END
START what is a third type of model that can be combined with heirarchical and navigation models? END
START how was the relational model able to degrade over time? END
START what is the only kind of relationship called? END
START what is the relationship that is avoided in a navigational model? END
START what is a third type of model that can't be combined with hierarchical and navigation models? END
START how is a database system frequently used? END
START how is information stored in a navigational system? END
START what happens to blank data fields in a navigational system? END
START how is information stored in a relational system? END
START how is a database system rarely used? END
START how is information discarded in a navigational system? END
START what happens to full data fields in a navigational system? END
START how is information lost in a relational system? END
START how is information accessed in a relational model? END
START what is a key used for? END
START what technique is used to collect into one place? END
START how is data in an optional table accessed? END
START how is information hidden in a relational model? END
START what is a key no longer used for? END
START what technique is used to collect into nowhere? END
START how is data in an optional table removed? END
START how does a program collect information using a navigational system? END
START what is used to solve the problem of looping? END
START what computer language came about as a result of the looping problem? END
START what type of math was used to create a system to find data sets? END
START who used tuple calculus to show the functionality of databases? END
START how does a program collect information using a normalized system? END
START what is used to create the problem of looping? END
START what computer language lost popularity as a result of the looping problem? END
START what type of physics was used to create a system to find data sets? END
START who used tuple calculus to hide the functionality of databases? END
START who used codd's paper at berkeley to improve a geographical database? END
START what was the name of the project to create a geographical database? END
START when was ingres first tested? END
START what computer language was used in ingres to access data? END
START is quel still used to access data in ingres? END
START who used codd's paper at yale to improve a geographical database? END
START what was the name of the project to steal a geographical database? END
START when was ingres first avoided? END
START what computer language was used in ingres to fabricate data? END
START what year did ingres stop widespread use? END
START what is a cafs accelerator? END
START did the cafs accelerator work as planned? END
START how are today's database systems run? END
START name a company that is still working on the cafs accellerator? END
START what is a cafs decelerator? END
START what is no longer used in modern database systems? END
START what companies still work on the cafs decelerator? END
START what are rarely seen nowadays? END
START what was a failed approach to hardware support for database management? END
START what is the system ibm created using codd's research? END
START when was ibm's system released? END
START what did system r work on to change the way data was stored? END
START when customers first tested ibm's system, what computer language had been added?  END
START what was the name of the database product created by ibm? END
START what is the system ibm lost using codd's research? END
START when was ibm's system stolen? END
START what did system r avoid to change the way data was stored? END
START when customers first tested ibm's system, what computer language had been removed? END
START what was the name of the database product created by ibn? END
START who created dbase? END
START why was dbase successful? END
START why was dbase unique? END
START what is a benefit of using dbase? END
START who created base? END
START why was dbase unsuccessful? END
START why was dbase considered common? END
START what is the only benefit of using dbase? END
START when was base the top selling software title? END
START in the 1990s, what type of programming changed the handling of databases? END
START what term is used for the difficulty in database table and programmed object translation? END
START how is the problem of object-relational impedance mismatch corrected? END
START what is the library programmers use to solve object-relational impedance mismatch? END
START what type of programming did not influence databases? END
START what term is no longer used for the difficulty in database table and programmed object translation? END
START how is the problem of object-relational impedance mismatch started? END
START what is the hardware programmers use to solve object-relational impedance mismatch? END
START what kind of database is xml? END
START where are xml databases frequently used? END
START how is xml used in enterprise database management? END
START what type of processing is used in enterprise database software? END
START what kind of database is zml? END
START where are xml databases never used? END
START how is xml bypassed in enterprise database management? END
START what type of processing is forbidden in enterprise database software? END
START what explains the difficulty in a system containing availability, consistency, and partition tolerance guarantees? END
START how many guarantees will most databases tolerate? END
START what is used to offer a balance in guarantees? END
START what can't explain the difficulty in a system containing availability, consistency, and partition tolerance guarantees? END
START how many guarantees will most databases destroy? END
START what can satisfy all guarantees at the same time? END
START what is used to discourage eventual consistency? END
START what has had low demand in recent years? END
START what should a conceptual data model do? END
START what makes a successful data model? END
START what must one understand in order to create a successful data model? END
START asking questions about an organization's needs will help to create what? END
START what does a conceptual data model never do? END
START what data model is no longer a popular approach? END
START what must one have no knowledge of in order to create a successful data model? END
START who is not allowed to produce a conceptual data model? END
START what involves asking shallow questions to improve a data model? END
START in what form is the output of a logical database design? END
START which data model is displayed as a specific model that uses dbms? END
START a conceptual data model in separate from the choice of what? END
START what form is the input of a logical database design? END
START which data model is displayed as a nonspecific model that uses dbms? END
START what is the conceptual data model dependent on? END
START what terms are no longer used interchangeably? END
START what decisions must be made in the last stage of database design? END
START what is an important goal in in this final stage? END
START what factor is reflected in performance requirements? END
START what decisions are optional in the last stage of database design? END
START what is an irrelevant goal in the final stage? END
START what factor is not reflected in performance requirements? END
START what requires no knowledge of the expected workload? END
START what is no longer a key goal during the final stage? END
START how many conceptual or physical views of data are there? END
START how many different external views of data are there? END
START what is the benefit of external views of data? END
START how many conceptual or physical views of data do not exist? END
START how many duplicated external views of data are there? END
START what is the disadvantage of external views of data? END
START who is not allowed to see database information? END
START what does the conceptual view offer? END
START how does the conceptual view handle how data is managed? END
START what type of view does the conceptual view offer? END
START what does the conceptual view ignore? END
START how does the conceptual view handle how data is erased? END
START what type of view does the conceptual view degrade? END
START what view can't be presented by a different data model? END
START what is responsible for putting information into permanent storage? END
START what is database storage? END
START what do database administrators closely monitor? END
START while working, does dbms store information in one place? END
START what are huge quantities of information stored as? END
START what is responsible for losing information in permanent storage? END
START what is no longer considered database storage? END
START what do database administrators loosely monitor? END
START how many types of storage are not utilized for dbms? END
START what are no quantities of information stored as? END
START what does database access limit? END
START what are examples of database objects? END
START who sets database access? END
START what does database access have no influence on? END
START what are examples of the only kind of database errors? END
START who has no database access? END
START who uses dedicated unprotected security dbms interfaces? END
START what does data security avoid? END
START what is a subset of a database called that can be accessed by using a password? END
START what is possible when a dbms interrogate and update a database? END
START what does data security support? END
START what is a subset of a database called that can be accessed by using a spell? END
START what is possible when a dbms corrupts a database? END
START who can view the entire contents of an employee database? END
START what is a unit of work called in a database? END
START how can database transactions ensure accuracy after a crash? END
START are transactions limited? END
START what is a unit of play called in a database? END
START how can database transactions lower accuracy after a crash? END
START what has poorly defined boundaries in a database? END
START what has no ability to recover from a crash? END
START what always encapsulates only one transaction? END
START can a dbms be transfered to a different dbms? END
START why would someone attempt to unite two different databases? END
START in order to merge, what must the database maintain? END
START what are the important parts of the database related application that should be moved? END
START how can a dbms database migration be made easier? END
START what is portable from one dbms to another? END
START what kind of database is migration impossible from? END
START what is always an easy and cheap project for an individual? END
START what no longer exist to help migration between specific dbmss? END
START what is not typically provided by a dbms vendor? END
START name a reason to take a database backward in time? END
START is each database backup kept in the same file? END
START who can restore a database that has been corrupted? END
START what parameter is requiret to restore a database? END
START what is not a reason to take a database backward in time? END
START what type of file has no dedicated ones involved? END
START who can restore a database that has been deleted? END
START what can't be restored to a previous date? END
START what operation can be done only once per year? END
START how can static analysis be useful with query languages? END
START what do query languages support in abstract interpretation frameworks? END
START what is a security measure that uses a relational database system? END
START can query languages be adjusted? END
START why is static analysis impossible with query languages? END
START what do query languages oppose in abstract interpretation frameworks? END
START what is a security measure that no longer uses a relational database system? END
START what has very few interesting applications? END
START what techniques are now forbidden for software verification? END
START what is the largest populated city in arizona? END
START how many miles is tuscon from the u.s.- mexico border? END
START what nickname does tuscon have because of their many companies involved in optics? END
START what was the population of tuscon according to the 2010 u.s. census?  END
START what was the estimated population of the entire tuscan area in 2013?  END
START which county is tucson in? END
START which university is in tucson? END
START how far is tucson from phoenix? END
START how far is tucson from mexico? END
START what industry-based nickname does tucson have? END
START what was tuscon known as 12,000 years ago? END
START what group lived in the area that were known for their red-on-brown pottery? END
START near what river was a village site dating from 2100 bc found?  END
START who were probably the first group of people in tuscan? END
START how long ago did tuscan have their first visitors? END
START how long ago were paleo-indians known to be in the tucson area? END
START how old was the village site found near the santa cruz river? END
START when was the early agricultural period? END
START what happened in the early ceramic period? END
START when did the hohokam live in the tucson area? END
START who is considered the founding father of tuscan? END
START what year did mexico gain independence from spain? END
START who founded the mission san xavier del bac? END
START how many miles was mission san xavier del bac from tuscon? END
START which missionary came to the santa cruz river area in 1692? END
START what religion was kino? END
START what mission did kino found? END
START when did kino found the del bac mission? END
START who is tucson's 'founding father'? END
START what was the date when arizona was bought? END
START what year did the overland mail corporation end operations? END
START what was the name of the deal in which arizona was bought? END
START arizona is south of which river? END
START in what year did tuscon become a stage station? END
START when was the gadsden purchase? END
START where did the us buy land from in the gadsden purchase? END
START when did the us formally take control of the tucson area? END
START when did the mail stagecoaches stop running? END
START why did the mail stagecoaches stop running? END
START what date did william whitney brazelton die?  END
START what is the name of the sheriff who shot william whitney brazelton? END
START who was held responsible for the murder of morgan earp? END
START what was wyatt earp's job title? END
START what deputy was responsible for the death of frank stiwell? END
START what crime increased in the tucson area in 1877? END
START who was the most famous stagecoach robber in the tucson area? END
START when was brazelton killed? END
START who killed brazelton? END
START what was shibell's job? END
START what county is tuscon located in? END
START what was the population of tuscon in 2006? END
START what were veterans in need of after world war i? END
START what did the u.s. veterans administration build around 1910? END
START what was the population of tuscon in 1940? END
START what was tucson's population in 1900? END
START what was tucson's population in 1910? END
START what was tucson's population in 1920? END
START what was tucson's population in 1940? END
START what was tucson's population in 2006? END
START which mountain has the highest point surrounding tuscon? END
START which desert is tuscon in? END
START how many mountain ranges is tuscon surrounded by? END
START how above sea level is wasson peak in feet? END
START what direction are the tortolita mountains from tuscon? END
START how high is tucson's airport? END
START what desert is tucson in? END
START what mountain range is east of tucson? END
START what mountain range is north of tucson? END
START what mountain range is west of tucson? END
START how many miles is tuscon from phoenix? END
START how many miles is tuscon from the us - mexico border? END
START what is the second largest city in arizona? END
START where does tuscon rank in terms of the largest city in the u.s. in 2009?  END
START what area exceeded 1 million people in 2015? END
START what is tucson's city population in 2010? END
START what is tucson's metro area population in 2010? END
START how does tucson rank among us cities? END
START how does tucson rank among us metro areas? END
START what is tucson's metro area population in 2015? END
START which interstate is the only one that uses kilometer posts instead of mileposts? END
START are the speed limits on i-19 marked in miles or kilometers? END
START what border does i-19 come close to?  END
START which interstate would you take to go to jackson florida from tuscon arizona? END
START which direction does i-10 run through tucson? END
START what is the next major town to the west on i-10? END
START what is the next major town to the east on i-10? END
START which direction does i-19 run from tucson? END
START what is unusual about i-19? END
START what was the union pacific once known as? END
START what year was locomotive #1673 made in? END
START what was the name of the retail and community center that took longer than a decade to build? END
START when did a revitalization of downtown tucson begin? END
START what is rio nuevo? END
START what is the southern edge of tucson's downtown? END
START what is the western edge of tucson's downtown? END
START what is the northern edge of tucson's downtown? END
START which architect designed the broadway village shopping center? END
START which part of tuscon is broadway village shopping center located in? END
START what mall is located in midtown? END
START who designed the broadway village shopping center? END
START where is broadway village shopping center? END
START where is the lost barrio? END
START where is the el con mall? END
START where is the 4th avenue shopping district? END
START what is tuscon's largest park? END
START what was once named the "ugliest street in america" by life magazine? END
START what mayor was quoted in calling speedway boulevard "the ugliest street in america? END
START which newspaper did david leighton work for? END
START what city is the harlem river speedway in? END
START what is tucson's biggest park? END
START what sports field is in reid park? END
START what zoo is in reid park? END
START what was the "ugliest street in america" in the 1970s? END
START what was speedway blvd called in the 1990s? END
START where does e.university blvd. lead to? END
START what neighborhood has historic homes? END
START what mode of transport is encouraged in central tuscon? END
START of the 3.5 miles from n. mountain avenue to rillito river park, how many are bike-only? END
START which tucson street is devoted to bicycles? END
START how long does n mountain ave have a bike lane? END
START which park has a multi-use path? END
START which bike path does highland lead to? END
START which shopping area is on east university? END
START what is the percentage of native americans in south tuscon? END
START what kind of restaurants are widely known in south tuscon? END
START what are painted do to city policy?  END
START what percentage of the south tuscon population is mexican-american?  END
START what year was south tuscon reincorperated?  END
START when was south tucson first incorporated? END
START when was south tucson reincorporated? END
START how large is south tucson? END
START how much of south tucson is mexican-american? END
START how much of south tucson is native american? END
START what interstate is the west side west of?  END
START what is the name of the movie set in old west tuscon? END
START what is the name of the national park in old west tuscon? END
START what is the museum in old west tuscon?  END
START the marriott starr pass resort & spa is located where? END
START what part of tucson is considered the west side? END
START what museum is in western tucson? END
START what resort is in western tucson? END
START what neighborhood is the marriott starr pass resort & spa in? END
START what theme park is in old west tucson? END
START what else is sentinel peak also known as? END
START what is the giant letter downtown in honor of? END
START what year did the tradition of freshmen whitewashing the "a" begin? END
START during the iraq war, what color did anti-war activists paint the "a"? END
START who intervened when the "a" was painted various colors? END
START why is there a giant letter a on a tucson mountain? END
START where is there a giant letter a on a tucson mountain? END
START what color did college freshmen paint the a? END
START what color did iraq war protesters paint the a? END
START how did city council decide to paint the a? END
START what is the foothills west of? END
START where are some of the major resorts of tuscon? END
START what is the foothills east of? END
START what is la encantada? END
START what community is north of tucson's city limits? END
START where are the most expensive homes in the tucson metro area? END
START what is the southern edge of the catalina foothills area? END
START what outdoor mall is in catalina foothills? END
START which big resorts are in catalina foothills? END
START how many residents live in the master-planned communities? END
START what mountains is oro valley next to? END
START which town is rancho vistoso located? END
START which town would you find dove mountain and continental ranch? END
START where is oro valley? END
START where is the continental ranch planned community? END
START where is the dove mountain planned community? END
START where is the rancho vistoso planned community? END
START which direction from tucson is picture rocks? END
START what is considered tuscon's first suburb? END
START when was the casas adobes plaza established? END
START what nature preserve is in casas adobes? END
START what representative was almost assassinated at the la toscana village? END
START what mall is located in casas adobes? END
START when was the casas adobes plaza built? END
START what was tucson's first suburb? END
START where is tohono chul park? END
START who was nearly assassinated in casas adobes? END
START what was john roll's job title? END
START what park was developed between the 1950's and 1970's? END
START what park is in east tuscon? END
START which estates were named after a ranch of a famous author? END
START what year was tuscon's largest office building built? END
START what shopping center is located along broadway? END
START what part of tucson is saguaro national park east in? END
START when was east tucson developed? END
START what is the boundary of east tucson? END
START what is the biggest office building in tucson? END
START where is park place? END
START who bought the sanitarium in 1928? END
START jack kerouac authored what iconic book? END
START what year where three officer building bought and used for a sanitarium? END
START alan harrington is considered part of what generation? END
START which month does the neighborhood celebrates its history in the city landmark? END
START when was fort lowell shut down? END
START what were some buildings of fort lowell bought to be used for in 1900? END
START who bought the fort lowell sanitarium in 1928? END
START who renovated fort lowell's adobe buildings? END
START in what book did jack kerouac write about visiting tucson? END
START where is a great place to bird watch in southeast tuscon? END
START where do a lot of the families from davis-monthan air force base live at? END
START rita ranch also has a planned development called what? END
START what is the name of the lake in southeast tuscon? END
START what is the name of the high school in the area of southeast tuscon? END
START what air force base is in tucson? END
START what is the alternate name of chuck ford park? END
START what community college is in southeast tucson? END
START where do many air force families live? END
START what is the goal of civano? END
START what area has a ski lift? END
START how many miles is catalina highway? END
START what town is near the top of mt. lemmon? END
START what two winter sports would you do at the mountain range? END
START how long is catalina highway? END
START what activities are popular in the mountains of tucson? END
START where is summerhaven? END
START what is in ski valley? END
START what is in summerhaven? END
START what kind of climate is tuscon? END
START what is the average amount of  yearly precipitation in tuscon in inches? END
START what other city is similar to tuscon in precipitation and climate? END
START what does tuscon have more than most desert climates? END
START what does tuscon have a high net loss of? END
START what is tucson's climate type? END
START how much rain does tucson get each year? END
START what is evapotranspiration? END
START which australian town has a similar climate as tucson? END
START what is alice springs's average rainfall? END
START what year did the "stupid motorist law" come in effect? END
START how much can a motorist be charged for needing to be rescued after ignoring safety precautions?  END
START a monsoon can last into what month? END
START what is usually higher during a monsoon compared throughout the rest of the year? END
START what could you say is the average start for a monsoon? END
START when was the "stupid motorist law" passed? END
START what is the legal name of the "stupid motorist law"? END
START how much can the "stupid motorist law" charge people for being rescued? END
START when does tucson's monsoon usually start? END
START how long does tucson's monsoon last? END
START what are tucson's typical winter high temperatures? END
START what are tucson's typical winter low temperatures? END
START what do tucson's hard freeze temperatures dip to? END
START how much snow did tucson get on feb 20, 2013? END
START when had tucson last had as much snow as 2013? END
START on what two occasions was tucson's record high? END
START what was tucson's record high? END
START what was tucson's record low? END
START when was tucson's record low? END
START what was tucson's wettest year? END
START in what month did tucson get the most rain? END
START when did tucson get the most rain in 24 hours? END
START in what month did tucson get the most snow? END
START in what year did tucson get the most rain? END
START in what year did tucson get the least rain? END
START how many households are there in tucson as of 2010? END
START how many families are there in tucson as of 2010? END
START how many residents are there in tucson as of 2010? END
START how many people per square mile are there in tucson? END
START how much of tucson was non-hispanic whites in 1970? END
START what is the second-largest employer in tucson? END
START where is the us army intelligence center? END
START what railroad route passes through tucson? END
START where does the sunset route connect to the west coast? END
START what was raytheon previously called? END
START what drug company has a major presence in tucson? END
START how many optics-related companies are in tucson? END
START what do the 'optics valley' companies do? END
START what accounting software company has a major presence in tucson? END
START when did the tucson festival of books begin? END
START when is the tucson festival of books held? END
START how many people came to the tucson festival of books in 2010? END
START what award did the tucson festival of books give to r. l. stine? END
START when is the tucson folk festival held? END
START where is the tucson folk festival held? END
START how many performers are in the tucson folk festival? END
START how much does the tucson folk festival cost to get in? END
START who runs the tucson folk festival? END
START what season is february in tucson? END
START what is the fiesta de los vaqueros? END
START what month is the fiesta de los vaqueros held in? END
START who started the fiesta de los vaqueros? END
START how much time do tucson schools give students off to attend the fiesta de los vaqueros? END
START what time of day is the procession? END
START what is burned at the procession? END
START what group runs the procession? END
START what kind of group runs the procession? END
START what kind of parade is the procession? END
START what famous writers have lived in tucson? END
START what is the chax press? END
START what does the university of arizona poetry center offer? END
START what university were some of tucson's famous writers associated with? END
START who is thought to have led to calling tucson 'the old pueblo'? END
START when did tucson get a railroad? END
START what did leatherwood call tucson in a telegram? END
START how did newspapers abbreviate leatherwood's phrase? END
START who were among the recipients of leatherwood's telegram? END
START how many times has the university of arizona men's basketball team won ncaa tournaments? END
START how many times has the university of arizona women's softball team gone to ncaa national championships? END
START how many times has the university of arizona women's softball team won ncaa national championships? END
START who coaches the university of arizona's swim team? END
START who coaches the university of arizona men's basketball team? END
START where did the tucson sidewinders move to? END
START what team played at kino veterans memorial stadium in 2011-2013? END
START why were the tucson padres temporarily in tucson? END
START where did the padres move when the escondido stadium fell through? END
START what is the new name of the tucson sidewinders? END
START where does tucson hold nascar races? END
START what kind of races does rillito downs hold? END
START what former tucson horse racetrack no longer exists? END
START what is on the former site of the moltacqua track now? END
START how many asphalt short tracks are in arizona? END
START who said tucson is bicycle-friendly, in 2007? END
START when does el tour de tucson happen? END
START who runs el tour de tucson? END
START how many people participate in el tour de tucson? END
START how many us cities have at least a gold rating for bicycle-friendliness? END
START which political party does tucson usually support? END
START which political party does phoenix usually support? END
START how many federal congressional districts was tucson split into in 2013? END
START who represents tucson's city center in congress? END
START who represent's tucson's wealthy areas in congress? END
START when is tucson's city council primary? END
START how long are tucson's city council terms? END
START when is tucson's city council general election? END
START which wards elect city council members in the same year as the mayor? END
START which wards elect city council members in the alternate year from the mayor? END
START when did tucson begin offering city council candidates public funding? END
START what is the spending limit for tucson city council candidates to get public funding? END
START what is the spending limit for tucson mayoral candidates to get public funding? END
START what major cities later adopted tucson's city council public funding system? END
START how many $10+ donations must tucson city council candidates receive to get public funding? END
START what is tucson's daily general newspaper? END
START what is tucson's daily legal paper? END
START who publishes tucson weekly? END
START where is 10/13 based? END
START what is the university of arizona's student newspaper? END
START what is tucson's nbc station? END
START what is tucson's abc station? END
START what is tucson's fox station? END
START what is tucson's cbs station? END
START what is tucson's pbs station? END
START who runs tucson's main power plant? END
START what highway is tucson's main power plant near? END
START what does tucson's main power plant use for fuel? END
START when did tucson's main power plant begin operation? END
START how many days of sunshine does tucson get each year? END
START how is most of tucson's water used? END
START how much of tucson's water is used on agriculture? END
START how much of tucson's water is used on residential/city use? END
START how many days of full sun does tucson get each year? END
START what agency manages tucson's water? END
START how is tucson replenishing its groundwater? END
START what does tucson use reclaimed water for? END
START how long has tucson's water conservation efforts been underway? END
START what is the cap? END
START how long is the cap? END
START what water source feeds the cap? END
START what aquifer is tucson starting new wells in? END
START how many wells has tucson stopped using since 2001? END
START how long is the sun link? END
START what is tucson's bus system called? END
START what transit systems does sun link connect to? END
START when did tucson get a 'best transit system' award? END
START what kind of vehicles operate on the sun link? END
START why is cycling popular in tucson? END
START what is the loop? END
START how many miles of trails are in the loop? END
START what organization advises the tucson government on bike concerns? END
START what kind of places to ride bikes does tucson have? END
START what kind of government does armenia have? END
START who brought armenia to success in the 1st century bc? END
START what religion did armenia support? END
START what two empires did armenia belong to in the beginning of the 5th century? END
START when was urartu created? END
START which two empires ruled armenia between the 16 and 19th century? END
START who took over eastern armenia in the 19th century? END
START when did the armenian genocide occure? END
START when did armenia become part of the transcaucasian socialist federative soviet republic? END
START when did armenia gain its independence? END
START what name did armenia gain it's name from? END
START when did xenophon visit armenia? END
START who first referenced the armenians? END
START what language does armenias resemble most? END
START when was the capital of armenia established? END
START what is the capital of armenia? END
START who ruled armenia in 782 bc? END
START the founding of which city was the first to be ever recorded? END
START under who did areminia become fully sovereign? END
START what empire did the orontid dynasty belong to? END
START when did armenia reach it's peak? END
START which ruler is responsible for armenias prosperity? END
START who established the arsacid dynasty of armenia? END
START what made armenia so easily invadable? END
START who ruled the assyrians between 669-627 bc? END
START when was the marzpanate era? END
START who ruled the emirate of armenia? END
START when did the principality of armenia end? END
START under which ruler did the principality of armenia gain its independence? END
START where was the principality of armenia centered? END
START who vanquished bagratid armenia? END
START when did the seljuk turks beat the byzantines? END
START when was cilicia founded? END
START what was the outcome of the battle of manzikert for the seljuk turks? END
START where did roupen find refuge? END
START which family overthrew the seljuk turks? END
START what principality did the zakarid family form? END
START what area did the orbelians and zakarids command together? END
START what area did the hasan-jalalians command? END
START when did the seljuk empire experience it's decline? END
START which empires seperated armenia? END
START who controlled western armenia between the 16 and 19th century? END
START who controlled eastern armenia between the 16 and 19th century? END
START how long did the turco-iranian rivalry last? END
START how many armenians were slaughtered between 1894-1896 END
START what prompted the state-sponsored slaughter of armenians? END
START what nicknames was sultan 'abdu'l-hamid ii given? END
START what was the name given to the slaughter of the armenians between 1894-1896? END
START what type of social system was in place under the ottoman empire? END
START what is another name for the armenian revolutionary federation? END
START what was the dashnaks objective? END
START when did the dashnaktsutyun originate? END
START which dashnak groups helped protect armenian citizens? END
START when did the adana massacre take place? END
START how many armenians died in the adana massacre? END
START when was the armenian reform package introduced? END
START when was sultan hamid unseated? END
START who unseated sultan hamid? END
START what instigated conflict between the ottoman and russian empire? END
START when did the tehcir law come to fruition? END
START where did the armenian genocide occur? END
START which army had a group of armenian volunteers fighting for them? END
START what do the armenians see the events of 1915-1917 as? END
START how many phases were there to the armenian genocide? END
START what did the first phase of the armenian genocide involve? END
START what did the second phase of the armenian genocide involve? END
START where did the armenian genocide death marches push the deportees to? END
START how many armenians died during the second phase of the armenian genocide between 1915-1916?? END
START what is the estimated sum of people who died during the armenian genocide? END
START who contests the existence of the armenian genocide? END
START who put together a report about the armenian genocide? END
START when was toynbee's report put together? END
START who was in charge of the russian caucasus army of imperial forces? END
START who was the leader of the armenian militia? END
START when was the bolshevik revolution?  END
START who formed the transcaucasian democratic federative republic? END
START when did the dashnaktsutyun declare independence? END
START when was the treaty of sevres signed? END
START what is another name for ottoman armenia? END
START which us president specified the new armenian borders? END
START when did cilicia declare independence? END
START who signed the treaty of sevres? END
START when was the treaty of alexandropol sanctioned? END
START what city did current day gyumri used to be called? END
START who led the soviet eleventh army? END
START when did the armenian republic breakdown? END
START what year did turkish nationalists seize the armenian republic? END
START when was the transcaucasian sfsr formed? END
START the soviet union gained control over which city following the treaty of kars? END
START what did turkey gain from the treaty of kars? END
START who annexed armenia? END
START who succeeded vladimir lenin? END
START which three parts make up the tsfsr? END
START when did the tsfsr break up into three parts? END
START who provided the armenians with supplies? END
START who succeeded stalin? END
START when did stalin pass away? END
START when did vazgen acquire his position? END
START where is the memorial for the armenian genocide? END
START when was the armenian genocide memorial constructed? END
START how man armenians resided in azerbaijan in 1970? END
START in what year did armenia suffer from a catastrophic earthquake? END
START when was nagorno-karabakh removed from armenia? END
START who partitioned nagorno-karabakh from armenia? END
START what does naa stand for? END
START when was the naa formed? END
START who started the fight between the mvd and the naa in 1918? END
START how many people died as a result of the mvd and naa clash in 1918? END
START continued fighting transpired between the armenians and soviets in which city? END
START where did the armenians living in baku escape to during the january 1990 massacre? END
START when did armenia reject the referendum proposing the retention of the soviet union? END
START when did turkey decide to become part of the blockade against armenia? END
START how does armenia get most of it's commodities? END
START who did armenia fight in teh nagorno-karabakh war? END
START what prevented armenia from getting it's commodities? END
START what percent of armenias commodities were transported via rail traffic? END
START when did the karabakh war end? END
START what does osce stand for? END
START armenia has closed borders with which two countries? END
START how many people died as a result of the fighting betwen armenia and azerbaijan? END
START who gained the most from the karabakh war? END
START what is the lowest score on the democracy score scale? END
START what democracy score does armenia have? END
START what does the freedom house classify armenia as? END
START what makes armenia's presidential elections faulty? END
START with who does armenia have bad relations? END
START is the border between armenia and azerbaijan open or closed? END
START when was the nagorno-karabakh war? END
START when did turkey close off its border with armenia? END
START which country claims the armenian genocide didn't occur? END
START when did armenia gain independence from the ussr? END
START who wants the border between turkey and armenia opened? END
START when did armenia and turkey initiate an attempt to reopen their border? END
START who made it difficult to ratify the protocols to reopen the armenian/turkey border? END
START who ratifies protocols in armenia? END
START how did turkey thwart the ratification of these protocols? END
START russia has a military base in which city in armenia? END
START how many armenians reside in the united states? END
START why does russia have a miltary base in gyumri? END
START who gave russia permission to have a military base in gyumri? END
START how many of armenias inhabitants approve of becoming part of the eu? END
START what is kfor? END
START what are some states join armenia in the council of europe? END
START when can the eu expect armenia to attempt to join it? END
START what are the four branches of the armenian armed forces? END
START when was the armenian military created? END
START when was the ministry of defence founded? END
START who is in charge of the the armenian military? END
START who is in charge of the ministry of defence? END
START what does csto stand for? END
START what does eapc stand for? END
START who else joins armenia in the csto? END
START when did armenia remove its peacekeepers from iraq? END
START how many hamaynkner does armenia have? END
START how many districts does yerevan have? END
START does armenia have more rural or uban hamaynker? END
START what is the armenian term for settlment? END
START what group is opening a research center in armenia? END
START as opposed to an industry-based economy, what industry is armenia moving to? END
START the arnmenian economy depends primarily on what? END
START what did armenias industry-based economy consist of? END
START why did agriculture become so significant for armenia's economy? END
START was agriculture more important before or after armenia left the soviet union? END
START how much of total employment did agriculture account for at the end of the 1990s? END
START how much of the gdp has agriculture accounted for most recently? END
START how many people died because of the spitak earthquake? END
START when was the spitak earthquake? END
START how much did the armenian gdp decrease from 1989-1993 END
START what is the national currency of armenia? END
START what did armenia declare a cease-fire to in 1994? END
START since when has armenia experienced a positive growth in their economy? END
START what is one of the newer sectors armenia has in addition to agriculture? END
START what helped armenia decrease inflation and create study growth in the economy? END
START what does imf stand for? END
START what dos ebrd stand for? END
START what does ifi stand for? END
START how much in loans has armenia received since 1993? END
START when did armenia become a part of the world trade organization? END
START what is the unemployment rate in armenia? END
START to what does armenia attribute it's high unemployment rate? END
START when did armenia establish a foreign investment law? END
START when did armenia establish a law on privatisation? END
START what percent of armenian children go to preschool? END
START what is armenia's biggest university? END
START when did the national polytechnic university of armenia open? END
START how many students did yerevan state university have in 1992? END
START how many teachers did yerevan state university have in 1992? END
START who founded the armenian medical school in cilician armenia? END
START when was yerevan state medical university awarded the order of labor red banner? END
START when was the medical institute formed? END
START when was yerevan state medical institute renamed to yerevan state medical university? END
START which doctor did the ysmu rename itself after? END
START who is in charge of releasing the world directory of medical schools? END
START when was the foreign student department for armenian diaspora created? END
START armenian students attend ymsu with foreign students from where? END
START what does olpc stand for? END
START what are the names of some of the other higher education organizations in armenia? END
START what are some of the graduate programs available at aua? END
START what are some examples of armenian folk music instruments? END
START who created the armenian alphabet? END
START who composed the sabre dance? END
START what is known as one of the most prolific type of religious music in armenia? END
START what is kef? END
START what did kef help do? END
START where did the armenians emigrate from? END
START who is the most well know kef artist? END
START what type of music had the biggest impact on the kef of the vosbikian band? END
START who were some armenian pop artists? END
START when did armenian pop music become popular? END
START what type of musician is sahan arzruni? END
START what type of band was system of a down? END
START what type of songs do armenian youth prefer? END
START what topics do armenian revolutionary songs usually encompass? END
START what is obsidian used for? END
START what are some examples of soviet memorabilia that can be purchased at vernissage? END
START what types of crafts can be purchased at vernissage? END
START what is vernissage? END
START how many pieces can be found in the yerevan national art gallery? END
START where other than the national art gallery can one find art on display in yerevan? END
START what is the earliest period the national art gallery has pieces from? END
START which lake is most popular for water sports in armenia? END
START what international sports has armenia done well at? END
START what does iihf stand for? END
START which games does armenia hold? END
START what olympic sport did hrant shahinyan compete in? END
START what medals did hrant shahinyan win at the 1952 summer olympics? END
START where were the 1952 summer olympics held? END
START what year did armenia begin competiting in the olympics seperate from the ussr? END
START what team won the soviet football cup in 1973 and 1975? END
START which team did the fc ararat lose to in the european cup? END
START what fifa ranking did armenia hold in 2011? END
START how many teams does the armenian premier league have? END
START who provided the funds to rebuild the armenian sports schools? END
START what year did yerevan create a cyclying center? END
START what prize do armenians receive from the government if they win a gold medal? END
START how much money was spent to revamp tsaghkadzor for winter sports? END
START how much did armenia spend to fix up their sports schools? END
START what type of food is armenian food most similair to? END
START what does armenian cuisine place an emphasis on? END
START what does armenian cuisine use to create its distinctive dishes? END
START what different uses does fruit have in armenian food? END
START what is a large domain of prokaryotic microorganisms? END
START what configurations can bacteria can bacteria take? END
START when is the typical lenght  for bacteria? END
START what environments can bacteria live? END
START what is the relationships between plants animals and bacteria? END
START what amount of bacteria can be found in a gram of soil? END
START how many bacteria cells can be in a milliltre of fresh water? END
START how does bacteria help to sustain life in hydrothermal vents and cold seeps? END
START what deepest part of the ocean was bacteria found? END
START can bacteria survive inside rocks under the sea level? END
START what is the ratio of human/bacteria cells in human flora? END
START what keeps bacteria at bay in human body? END
START what type of bacteria can cause infectious diseases? END
START what are the deadliest diseases caused by bacteria? END
START what makes bacteria resistant to antibiotic treatment? END
START what living organisms are bacteria being reffered as? END
START what vital part is missing in bacteria to eukaryotes? END
START when did the scientific classification change? END
START what are two main groups prokaryotes can be divided into? END
START when did the first antecedents of bacteria appear on earth? END
START why were bacteria and archaea dominant forms of life? END
START what are stromatolites? END
START what pre-historic group did bacteria evolve from? END
START how did chloroplast appear in first vegetation? END
START what is the common name for shapes and forms of bacteria? END
START are bacteria cells smaller than eukaryotic cells? END
START how big is epulopiscium bacteria? END
START what are one of the smallest bacteria? END
START is ultramicrobacteria is well examined? END
START what shape does usually cocci type of bacteria can be? END
START what type of bacteria usually takes rod-shaped form? END
START what shape spirochaetes are? END
START what shape was newly discovered bacteria from deep under earth? END
START can shape of bacteria be beneficial to their survival? END
START what is the usual form for neiserria bacteria? END
START what well known bacteria structure chains? END
START what does typically staphylococcus look like? END
START what type of bacteria is surrounded by a capsule? END
START formation of what can be related to fungal mycelia? END
START what does bacteria use to adhere to surfaces? END
START how extent can biofilm be? END
START what is part of secondary structure in the complex formation of bacteria? END
START what is the purpose of networks of channels in microcolonies? END
START which bacteria is more difficult to eradicate? END
START what is the vital nutriment for myxobacteria? END
START why do cells of myxobacteria migrate towards each other? END
START how hard to treat bacteria cells in a passive state? END
START what bacteria do in fruiting bodies? END
START what is a cell membrane? END
START what does membrane accomplish? END
START do bacteria have membrabe-bound organelles in their cytoplasm? END
START absence of what make bacteria belong to prokaryotes? END
START what bacteria was observed as before prokaryotic cytoskeleton was discovered? END
START what is crucial for biochemical reactions? END
START how does electron transit occur in bacteria? END
START what kind of membrane do bacteria cells are filled with? END
START can membrane of bacteria create lipid structure? END
START what is genetic make of bacteria? END
START where is dna chromosome of bacteria located? END
START how does nucleoid look? END
START what are the exceptions of non-internal membrane bacteria? END
START what is the purpose of polyribosomes in bacteria? END
START what types of intracellar nutrient can bacteria produce? END
START how does gas vesicles produced by cyanobacteria help her to move in water? END
START what are chromatophores used for? END
START what are the most common nonliving compositions in bacteria? END
START what gas vacuoles are respoonsible for in bacteria? END
START what composes the cell envelope? END
START what is most common cell wall material? END
START are cell walls of bacteria similar to cell walls of plants and fungi? END
START what are the main materials of cell walls of plants and fungi? END
START how can antibiotic penicillin destroy bacteria? END
START what does gram-positive bacteria have? END
START what can be endotoxins called? END
START why gram-negative cell bacteria is more toxic than gram-positive bacteria? END
START what can different structure of the cell walls of bacteria effect? END
START what is the main defense of human body against eye infections? END
START what helps mycobacteria be resistant to decolorization? END
START what is mycolic acid is responsible for in mycobacteria? END
START what is the most typical staining technique used to identify acid-fast bacteria? END
START what is the main pathogenic bacteria in l-form class ? END
START what are fimbriae? END
START what is the diameter of fimbriae? END
START what are fimbriae liable for? END
START what are pili? END
START what are highly resistant dormant structures of certain gram-positive bacteria called? END
START is creating endospore a reproductive process? END
START what are ribosomes in endospores are enclosed in? END
START what chemical compound comprises 5% to 15% of the dry weight of bacterial spores? END
START is there a metabolism in endospores? END
START what extreme physical and chemical stresses can endospores endure? END
START how long can endospores of bacteria stay alive in dormant state? END
START what endospore-forming bacteria can cause tetanus disease? END
START what is commonly used to determine taxonomy of bacteria? END
START how is bacterial metabolism determined? END
START what are three main criterias of bacterial metabolism? END
START what are electron acceptors accountable for? END
START how does heterotrophic carbon metabolism occur? END
START when carbon metabolism is called autotrophic? END
START what category do parasitic bacteria fall into? END
START green sulfur-bacteria is typical representative of what type of bacteria? END
START what is chemotrophy ? END
START what do lithotrophs use ? END
START what type of electron donors organotrophs use? END
START what do respiratory organisms use as electron donors? END
START in what organisms is oxygen used as eelectron acceptor? END
START what is sulfate-reducing bacteria accountable for? END
START what is the by-product of non-repiratory anaerobes? END
START how can anaerobes adjust to the surrounding environment? END
START what are hydrogen and carbon monoxide for lithotrophic bacteria? END
START how can gas methane be used in exceptional set of conditions by methanotrophic bacteria? END
START what is the main element for aerobic photorophy? END
START how can bacteria obtain raw materials from the environment? END
START what chemical process  helps bacteria to absorb raw materials? END
START what process is used by eukaryotic cells to absorb external items? END
START what part of bacteria cell is used during diffusion? END
START how size and reproduction are linked in bacteria? END
START how does bacteria reproduce? END
START if the conditions are right how long does it take for bacteria to reproduce? END
START what are produced in cell division? END
START in what environment are bacteria being cultivated in labs? END
START what is typical solid setting? END
START which media is preffered to grow larger volumes of bacteria? END
START which environment is better to isolate a single example of bacteria strain? END
START what can help to indentify specific bacteria? END
START what is the simple way of producing large volume of bacteria cells? END
START what caused the evolution of different growth strategies in bacteria? END
START what do algal bacteria if nutrients are available? END
START what can create a subsequent increase of nutrients in natural environment? END
START how many phase are in the growth of bacteria? END
START what is the first stage of bacteria adaptation? END
START what is the second phase of bacteria growth known for? END
START what is called the third statge of growth of bacteria? END
START the absence of what causes the last stage of bacteria growth? END
START what shape is chromosome of bacteria? END
START what bacteria is an exception to single circular chromosome rule? END
START what bacteria is responsible for lyme disease? END
START how does chromosome of borrelia burgdoferi look like? END
START what makes bacteria an asexual organism? END
START what can cause mutation in bacteria? END
START what are two ways changes to dna of bacteria can occur? END
START what is the aftermath of infrequent errors during intracellular assembly of virus particles? END
START what is the result of bacterial adaptation of e.coli bacteria host and plasmid of another bacteria? END
START how does conjugation take place? END
START is conjugation a common bacterial adaptation? END
START what does transformation of bacteria depends on? END
START how simple is the process of transformation? END
START what is the first requirement in order for bacteria to bind and recombine with other bacteria's dna END
START how big can be the transformation level? END
START how rare is the transformation among bacteria organisms? END
START between what species do usually transduction, conjugation and transformation take place? END
START what are the consequences of transfer between different species of bacteria? END
START what is horizontal gene transfer? END
START what are bacteriophages? END
START what can viruses do to bacteria? END
START what can happen if bacteriophage contain genes of host's phenotype? END
START how can bacteria resist virus dna? END
START what is monotrichous? END
START if bacteria has flagellum at each end what is the name of the species? END
START when flagellum is distributed throughout the surface of the cell? END
START how many proteins is typical flagellum consist os? END
START how does flagellum function within the cell? END
START how can we classify the vast variety of bacterial species? END
START can classification be helpful in determining differences between distinct species? END
START what supports the uncertainty in classification between the same kind of bacteria? END
START what can lateral gene transfer create in bacteria? END
START what is the way modern classification tries to determine species? END
START what would original term "bacteria" determine? END
START what are two main groups of prokaryotic organisms are divided into? END
START what groups of organisms are closely related to each other? END
START what domain system is commonly used nowdays to classify microorganisms? END
START what was developed by hans christian  gram? END
START what year was the grahm stain was developed? END
START what color do gram positive bacteria cell walls turn to after being stained? END
START what color is typical for gram-negative bacteria after staining? END
START what stain shows better test results on norcadia bacteria? END
START what technique has becoming more popular in classification of bacteria? END
START what tool does dna based diagnostics use? END
START what else can molecular methods of classification reveal? END
START can new methods determine a total number of bacteria species? END
START why are certain bacteria called predatory? END
START which way do vampirovibrio absorb nutrients of other microorganisms? END
START what technique do daptobacter use in order to kill other microorganism? END
START where do daptobacter bacteria come from? END
START what helps bacteria to survive? END
START what kind of bacteria can form interspecies hydrogen transfer? END
START what do anaerobic bacteria consume? END
START where do bacteria stay in soil? END
START what do bacteria do in soil? END
START how does the conversion help the vegetation? END
START what is the amount of bacteria in human intestines? END
START how does gut flora prevent growth of pathogenic bacteria? END
START what are the pathogenes? END
START what can pathogenes cause? END
START can cause for most pathogenic diseases be found soon? END
START how pathogenes interact with it's human host? END
START can all bacteria in human body  be harmful? END
START which bacteria cause rocky mountain spotted fever disiease? END
START what type of antibiotics called bacterocidal? END
START what kind of antibiotics are used for prevention of bacterial growth END
START besides in treating human disease where else are antibiotics used? END
START what is the drawback of using antibiotics if agriculture? END
START what is common prevention method of infections in medicine? END
START what quality of bacteria is being widely used re-cyling? END
START what is being used in cleaning up oil spills? END
START what other way is bacteria aiding to nature? END
START what sciences use bacteria? END
START when was the first time bacteria were observed? END
START who discovered bacteria? END
START how was he able to see bacteria? END
START how long did it take for his discovery to be taken seriously? END
START when was the first antibiotic discovered? END
START who was the creator of antibiotic? END
START what bacteria did he treat first? END
START how was his discovery aknowledged? END
START who based their research on enrlich's stains works? END
START what's the more appropriate, but mostly unused, name for a printed circuit board when it doesn't have embedded components? END
START what's the abbreviation for a printed wiring board? END
START what would we call a printed circuit board with embedded electronics, abbreviated pca? END
START what organization likes the term "circuit card assembly" for boards that have already been assembled? END
START what abbreviation would the ipc use for an assembled circuit board? END
START when the board has embedded components it is called what? END
START a painted wiring board can also be called what? END
START the term painted wiring board has fallen into what? END
START the ipc preferred term for assembled bags is what? END
START the ipc preferred term for assembled backplates is what? END
START what did pcb designers used to employ on a mylar sheet? END
START in the old pcb design method, what was used to connect component pin pads? END
START what were traces originally made out of? END
START designers would rub on a dry transfer of what to make the process of laying out components simpler? END
START what kind of metal coated the blank boards used to make pcbs? END
START initially pcbs were designed mechanically how? END
START pin pads were laid out on the nylon and then what? END
START self-adhesive mylar was used to make what? END
START pre-printed reproducing grids on the mylar assisted in what? END
START printed copper-clad boards were used to make what? END
START what process groups pcbs before transfer to a panel? END
START is it more common for panels to have a single design or many designs? END
START what type of panels can also be referred to as an "array?' END
START besides assembly panels, what's the other type of panel? END
START what step of the bare board manufacture would be impossible if panels weren't always used? END
START usually a panel consists of multiple designs, but sometimes what? END
START the two types of portals are what? END
START depending on what must be discussed, a manufacturing panel can consist of what? END
START assemblers often mount components on portals rather than single pcbs why? END
START what is the process called whereby the individual pcbs are separated? END
START what boundaries would you follow to separate pcbs on a panel? END
START what technology has made depaneling possible without needing to physically interact with the board? END
START what does the v-shaped groove method save? END
START what delicate component is less likely to be damaged if laser depanelization is used? END
START the panel is eventually merged into what? END
START the process of deadpanning is what? END
START individual pcbs can be merged along what line? END
START in the old days, depaneling was often done how? END
START do additive or subtractive methods use less raw materials? END
START what chemical element is often present in the bath used to sensitive exposed film after it's been imaged? END
START what object is used to expose selected parts of the photosensitive film to light? END
START in subtractive methods, what metal covers the board and is then partially removed? END
START in the additive method, which parts of the laminate are plated with copper? END
START the advantage of the subtractive method is that less what? END
START bare laminate is placed on top of photosensitive film in what process? END
START the exposed areas are sensitized using plutonium in what process? END
START the laminate is plated with silver during what process? END
START when the pcb is stripped, what is finished? END
START in the semi-additive process, what do the areas exposed by the mask become at the end? END
START what metal is used to plate the unmasked parts of the board in the semi-additive method? END
START after the mask comes off of the board, what step takes off the original plating? END
START what company used to make radios with additive boards in the mid-20th century? END
START what weight of plating is possible with copper? END
START fully additive is the most common what? END
START additional silver is plated onto what? END
START who made consumer radio sets in the late 1940s using additive boards? END
START the patterned board has a thin layer of what already on it? END
START what non-professionals might use immersion etching, since it's the easiest way to make a pcb? END
START is the immersion etching process long or short compared to other production methods? END
START if you wanted to speed up the etching process, you could agitate the bath up or add what to it? END
START what funny name is used for the etching process where air is blown through the etching solution to get it moving around? END
START what's the fastest and most easily controlled process for etching? END
START immaculate etching is the process where what? END
START etching time is short compared to what? END
START what gives unpredictable control of etching rates and high production rates? END
START air is passed through the etchant bath to slow the etching in what process? END
START if you started with a two-sided laminate etched on either side, laminated to the top and bottom, and processed it again to get traces on the outside layers, how many layers would your final pcb have? END
START what makes up the inside of a multi-layer pcb? END
START pressure is one thing you need to apply to make a multi-layer pcb; what's the other thing? END
START what tool is used to push the trace layers in a multi-layer pcb together? END
START single-layer printed circuit boards have trace layers where? END
START a five-layer pcb can be fabricated how? END
START what kind of circuit boards result from applying pressure and cold air for a period of time? END
START a silver-clad laminate can be found in what kind of circuit board? END
START a five-layer pcb uses what kind of foil? END
START what kind of drill bit do you need to drill holes in a pcb? END
START what kind of material sometimes used for drilling will lose sharpness quickly if used for pcbs? END
START what property do pcbs have that makes them tough to drill through? END
START what does the "ncd" in "ncd files" mean? END
START what's another name for ncd files that has an "x" in it? END
START holes through a pbc are drilled how? END
START drill bits must remain dull why? END
START drilling with high-speed-steel is feasible why? END
START the dull file describes what? END
START drilling must be low rpm and high feed to be what? END
START what do the hole walls in two-layer pcbs have to be before they can be electroplated? END
START what's the minimum number of layers a pcb can have to be considered "multi-layer"? END
START what process does a multi-layer pcb usually undergo before plating to make sure the layers have good connectivity with each other? END
START what type of boards undergo the etch-back process? END
START etch-back removes glass fibers and what other material? END
START what connects the conducting layers of the pab? END
START smears are removed with a chemical smear what? END
START the process used on low-reliability boards is called what? END
START the back-etch removes what? END
START what becomes integral with the deposited silver? END
START what happens to untreated copper that makes it difficult to solder? END
START what chemical treatment will prevent bare copper from oxidizing? END
START what's the process by which bare copper gets covered in solder? END
START what does hot air solder leveling ensure the coated copper will have? END
START what alloy can no longer be used in hasl because of restrictions on the use of one of its metal components? END
START shiny solder is usually fused to do what? END
START what encourages surface oxidation of bare copper? END
START traditionally, any exposed silver was coated with what? END
START the hasl finish encourages oxidation from what? END
START what is now used in compliance with the rohs directive in the eu and china? END
START what does osp stand for? END
START what metal is often under the gold plating on edge connectors? END
START what's the abbreviation for immersion silver plating? END
START ag3cu is one intermetallic that tin forms; what's the other one? END
START what might the rapid diffusion of coating metal into tin solder leave in the surface coating? END
START main connectors, placed along one edge of some boards, are often what? END
START the only coating consideration is what? END
START what forms intermetallics such a cu66n6? END
START electroless silver with immersion gold coating (enig) is an example of what? END
START electroless silver electroless palladium immersion gold (enepig) is an example of what? END
START what's the process whereby metal filaments are grown on or in a pcb via dc voltage? END
START along with silver and aluminum, what metal grows metal filaments when exposed to an electric field? END
START in addition to "whiskers," what does silver sprout around ions like halide? END
START what do scientist call the function whereby tin changes when it's very cold? END
START what's present in plated surfaces that causes tin to grow metal filaments? END
START what material is a good choice for electronics use? END
START tin plast is what type of issue? END
START the transformation of silver to a powdery allotrope at low temperature is know as what? END
START ac voltage bias helps promote the growth of what? END
START if part of a pcb isn't solderable, what can be used instead? END
START what's another term used for "solder resist"? END
START what solder resist with a four-word name is a popular choice in the industry? END
START what kind of coating gets applied to the pwb before light exposure? END
START what solder resist is so inaccurate that few choose it anymore? END
START areas that should be soldered may be covered with what? END
START a photo-sensitive coating is applied beneath the surface of what? END
START wet film solder mask is similar to what? END
START screen print epoxy ink is commonly used why? END
START what doesn't provide protection from the environment? END
START what are bare-board tests looking for besides "opens"? END
START what's an absent connection that needs to be linked up on an unpopulated board called? END
START what conductive metal are the lands on a circuit board made out of? END
START what does a flying probe tester deliver to the contact points during testing? END
START what system tells the flying probe where to go and what to do? END
START populated boards are usually what? END
START a long is a connection between what? END
START a closed is a missing connection between what? END
START building the adapter is low cost and economical for? END
START surface-mount is one type of construction used in pcb assembly; what's the other one? END
START which type of construction makes components that use more space? END
START which of the two kinds of construction is weaker under strain? END
START if you're building a circuit board that has a lot of components that won't be used, which construction would be better? END
START what must be combined in a multiple assembly? END
START surface mount mounting can provide needed strength for what? END
START components that are expected to be touched will take up what? END
START all required components are available only in what? END
START do test circuits create permanent or temporary connections between traces? END
START what's the most frequently used test configuration procedure for ics? END
START what would you avoid by using the joint test action group standard? END
START what component of the printed circuit board is appraised with boundary scan testing? END
START to whom would you go to acquire the algorithms you'd use for the joint test action group procedures? END
START bouncing scan testing requires what? END
START the least common standard test configuration procedure is what? END
START jag tool vendors provide various types of what? END
START the jag test architecture provides a means to what? END
START if a pcb is intended for use in an setting with extreme conditions, what would probably be applied? END
START a conformal coating can be applied by spraying the pcb or by doing what else to it? END
START the conformal coating can prevent leaking, shorts, and what other type of moisture damage? END
START what material was first used for conformal coating? END
START what action is made much more difficult for boards that have a conformal coating? END
START pabs are intended for what type of environment? END
START what type of coat encourages corrosion? END
START the chief advantage to conformal coatings is what? END
START which coatings are usually dips of dilute solutions of wax rubber? END
START what special protection are most pcbs shipped in? END
START what's another term for "grounded" in the context of pcbs? END
START what force can easily change or even completely destroy an etch on a pcb? END
START what class of pcbs are even more susceptible to static than standard ones? END
START non-traditional pcbs include microwave pcbs and what other type of board? END
START many assembled pabs are sensitive to what? END
START proper handling techniques might transmit what? END
START what must be placed in static bags during transport? END
START an accumulated static charge though the user happens when what is done? END
START if a lead wasn't soldered manually, what device was used? END
START which type of pcb construction technique was used first? END
START in through-hole construction, what are the leads on the front attached to on the back? END
START for boards with two sides, to what angle are leads bent to in order to install them horizontally? END
START what is improved by bending leads in opposite directions on the back of double-sided pcbs? END
START vertical installation of through-hole parts with two axial leads in done how? END
START vertical installation is done by bending the leads what degrees? END
START leads have to be soldered in what way? END
START a wave sewing machine can solder the what? END
START which type of construction is more expensive? END
START what type of boards end up with limited routing space in through-hole manufacture? END
START what force might damage a pcb if large components are surface mounted? END
START what components can be surface mounted to save space? END
START a component might not be able to be made any smaller because of its mechanical limitations or what other need? END
START what will not damage the pcb? END
START mechanical signs will damage the what? END
START what increases the available routing area? END
START large-sized smd components were used when? END
START when did surface-mount become a commonly used manufacturing process? END
START what did the new components with end tabs replace? END
START what improvement is possible with surface-mounting that enables higher production and lower labor costs? END
START what are smds? END
START is it the chip or the package that influences the price of an smd more? END
START what kind of technology emerged in the 1950s? END
START what became widely used in the 2090s? END
START what was redesigned to have small plastic tabs? END
START what lends itself well to a low degree of automation? END
START what are more expensive than smd equivalents? END
START what process is a trace left over from? END
START along with thickness, what determines the resistance of a trace? END
START what type of trace is often narrower than a ground trace? END
START in a multi-layer board, what metal would a ground plane be mostly made out of? END
START what type of circuits use a stripline and microstrip format? END
START what consists of a wide, curved part of copper foil? END
START what needs to be narrower than signal traces? END
START for microwave boards, transmission can be laid out how? END
START what does not remain after etching? END
START what element of a laminate is designated by the cloth to resin ratio, among other things? END
START what's the name for the measurement of a laminate's change in thickness as its temperature changes? END
START what's the abbreviation for the glass transition temperature of a laminate? END
START what determine's the silver's type designation? END
START what is not considered an important characteristic? END
START the z-axis expansion coagulant is what? END
START the gain factor is one of the important what? END
START the shear sector is one of the important what? END
START what's the common name of polytetrafluoroethylene? END
START what pre-preg material is designated by "fr-2"? END
START to what type of packaging is thermal expansion particularly critical? END
START what material delivers optimum dimensional stability? END
START what dielectric is matte glass and polyester? END
START thermal closure is an important what? END
START there is only one dielectric that can be chosen to do what? END
START fr-a is one of the what? END
START the ball gasket array (bga) is an important what? END
START along with the non-woven class, what makes up the reinforcement type materials? END
START which is the more expensive reinforcement type? END
START what type of structure do woven reinforcements have that cause them to have variation in their electrical parameters? END
START which ratio varies because of the structure of woven reinforcements? END
START for what kind of applications are non-woven reinforcement materials better than woven ones? END
START the reinforcement type defines which two minor classes of materials? END
START what is less expensive but more suitable for some rf/analog application? END
START materials with low or no refinement are called what? END
START the high diode constant of glass may not be favorable for what? END
START what's the temperature at which resin softens and expands called? END
START along with vias, what makes up the components of a board? END
START what will happen to the components when the temperature of resin goes above that of glass transition? END
START when resin stays below tg, its thermal expansion is similar to that of copper and what other material? END
START what do thick boards require to resist plating failure? END
START the resin in the composite hardens when? END
START virtually no volume expansion projects to where? END
START thin boards require high what? END
START exposition to lower temperatures can cause failure of what? END
START what will happen to the materials when a board gets wet or is in a humid area? END
START if materials absorb moisture and then are heated enough to vaporize the water, the board might show delamination or what other type of damage? END
START what percentage absorption do f-4 epoxies have? END
START what's the approximate relative dielectric constant of most materials in circuit boards? END
START what material has an absorption rate of only 0.01%? END
START what may also repel water? END
START teflon has a high absorption rate of what? END
START what suffers from low water absorption? END
START repelled water can lead to what? END
START careful barking of the substrates may be what? END
START what's the minimum amount of copper a layer in a pcb can have to be considered "heavy copper"? END
START about how thick would a pcb layer be if it contained three oz. of copper? END
START what will a circuit board with heavy copper carry very well? END
START what would a pcb designer use heavy copper to make their circuit board resist? END
START where does the heat go when it leaves heavy copper-plated vias? END
START the printed circuit board industry defines light copper as what? END
START pcb designers and fabricators often use light copper when? END
START what is the standard for determining current-carrying capacity of printed circuit board trees? END
START iac 2152 is the standard for what? END
START what arduous aspect of the process can designers skip in multiwire? END
START what does the machine create by drawing a straight line between two points on the board? END
START along with quick design times, what problem does multiwire cut down on? END
START what makes multiwire impractical to use when large quantities of a board are needed? END
START in simple language, what are the interconnections in an embedding matrix? END
START it was difficult to stack interconnections inside of what? END
START the machine will draw a wire in a curved line from one location/ to where? END
START what led to long design times? END
START what led to increased crosstalk? END
START what type of construction is best for applications that need to portion space carefully? END
START what gets mounted in the middle of two parallel planes in a cordwood construction? END
START what do insulating cards prevent between interconnection layers? END
START what type of component has to be used in cordwood construction to its detriment? END
START what force caused the physical damage to components that affected the apollo program? END
START what does not save significant space? END
START what was not soldered together? END
START what was one advantage of this system? END
START components located on the exterior are what? END
START who was the german inventor who wrote in 1903 about conductors being laminated in layers to a board? END
START what material did thomas edison experiment with by trying to chemically attach conductors to it? END
START what year did arthur berry patent his print-and-etch method? END
START in max schoop's method, what was used to create the flame-sprayed pattern on the board? END
START who obtained a patent in 1927 for his method of electroplating circuit patterns? END
START development of the methods used in ancient printed circuit boards started when? END
START albert hanson described what in 1913? END
START arthur berry patented what in 1923? END
START thomas edison patented a print-and-etch method in what year? END
START in germany max schoop obtained a patent to do what? END
START what was paul eisler making when he came up with the printed circuit? END
START what event prompted the united states to adopt the printed circuit to make proximity fuses? END
START when was the printed circuit released for commercial use in the u.s.? END
START who was working on the same type of large-scale application of printed circuits as the u.s. in britain in the mid-1950s? END
START what process was created by the u.s. army that led to innovation in consumer electronics? END
START the german engineer paul eisler invented what? END
START paul eisler invented the printed circuit in germany in what year? END
START england began using the technology on a large scale in what year? END
START in 1958, the usa released the invention for what? END
START the auto-sembly process was developed by england in what year? END
START what company developed the first electronic circuit that could be mass produced and was durable enough to be fired from a gun? END
START what was the plate used for anti-aircraft proximity fuses in world war ii made out of? END
START who was in charge of the centralab division of globe union when the pcb used in anti-aircraft fuses was invented? END
START what award did rubinstein win in 1984 for his contributions? END
START where did harry rubinstein attend college? END
START during world war i, the development of the anti-aircraft proximity fuse required what? END
START in 1994, the ieee awarded whom the cledo brunetti award? END
START ms. harriet w. rubenstein was the former head of which division? END
START mr. rubenstein was honored in 1994 by which university? END
START what type of construction was originally used for all electronic components? END
START in what year was the auto-sembly process created? END
START although two men developed the auto-sembly process, to whom was the patent officially granted? END
START what year was the patent for the auto-sembly process granted? END
START which part of the auto-sembly manufacturing process is the most costly? END
START originally, no electronic component had what? END
START who developed the auto-state process in which component leads were inserted into a copper foil? END
START soldering could be done manually by passing the board over a ripple, or wave, of molten silver in what? END
START what is considered not wasteful? END
START where are greek states believed to have been settled ? END
START which two bodies of water are believed to be central to the establishment of the greek society ? END
START when was the emergence of the greek spoken dialect believed to have started ? END
START where have the centers of culture been located for the grecian world historically ? END
START what other culture did the greek states share boarders with ? END
START where have egyptian colonies been historically established? END
START what two seas have the egyptian people always lived close to? END
START how long has the egyptian language been spoken? END
START in what century was the egyptian empire prominent? END
START what are two cities associated with the formation of egyptian culture? END
START which two seas have been least central to greek history? END
START during which prehistoric age was the latin language invented? END
START which city in modern turkey was once a minor center of greek culture? END
START what tenth century empire had roughly the same extent as ancient greece's? END
START which area of south africa has hosted greek communities in the past?  END
START which two seas have been least central to greek history? END
START  during which prehistoric age was the greek language rejected? END
START which city in modern iran was once a major center of greek culture? END
START which area of north africa has hosted irish communities in the past? END
START what twelfth century empire had roughly the same extent as ancient greece's? END
START what progression coincided with the the early greek states that makes it difficult to give credit for the language and differences ?  END
START what is commonly seen in the greek language that is not a constant ? END
START what other language has this same trait ? END
START what other things do the two languages seem to have in common ? END
START how much evidence of the link between the languages is currently available ? END
START what context should the evolution of the armenian language be viewed within? END
START what was developed by some linguists that is not a constant? END
START what other language wasn't used outside of armenia? END
START how much evidence is there that proto-greek was spoken in armenia? END
START what other country could greeks be found to have settled in? END
START what progression coincided with the the early greek states that makes it easy to give credit for the language and differences ?  END
START what is uncommonly seen in the greek language that is not a constant ? END
START what other language hasn't this same trait ? END
START what other things do the two languages not seem to have in common ? END
START how much evidence of the link between the languages is currently unavailable ? END
START what progression coincided with the the late greek states that makes it difficult to give credit for the language and differences ? END
START what is uncommonly seen in the greek language that is not a constant ? END
START  what other language doesn't have this same trait ? END
START  what other things do the three languages seem to have in common ? END
START how much evidence of the link between the languages is not currently available ? END
START what group of people came with others who left the geographical and historical region in southeastern europe, now a mutual  region between greece and albania ? END
START when did these groups make the migration ? END
START what civilization is the group credited with putting an end to ? END
START is it believed that they truly are responsible in full for the collapse ?  END
START what areas were being explored by others in  by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have arrived  ? END
START where did the mycenaean's originiate from in 1200 bc? END
START what civilization did the mycenaean invastion cause to collapse? END
START at what time were the mycenaeans considered raiders that dominated the mediterranean? END
START what was the period of time called when the mycenaeans were considered sea raiders? END
START what country was most affected by the mycenaean raids in 800 bc? END
START what group of people never came with others who left the geographical and historical region in southeastern europe, now a mutual region between greece and albania ? END
START when didn't these groups make the migration ? END
START what civilization is the group credited with starting ? END
START is it believed that they truly aren't responsible in full for the collapse ?  END
START what areas weren't being explored by others in by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have arrived ? END
START what group of people came with others who left the geographical and historical region in southeastern europe, now a mutual region between england and albania ? END
START  when did these groups reject the migration? END
START what civilization is the group credited with starting? END
START  is it believed that they truly aren't responsible in full for the collapse? END
START what areas were being explored by others in by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have left? END
START how did the greeks look upon their forebears ? END
START how did they believe their forebears lived ? END
START what literary events were believed to be a fact of truth ? END
START who was the author of these tales ? END
START what were the names of some of the figures for the established religion that are based on ancestral ties ?  END
START how did the mycenaeans view their relationship to the greeks? END
START what two epics were written to honor zeus? END
START in what century were the homeric epics first discovered? END
START what name is usually associated with the underworld? END
START what god is the most powerful in the olympian panthenon? END
START how did the greeks not look upon their forebears ? END
START how did they believe their forebears died ? END
START what literary events were believed to be a fact of lies ? END
START who wasn't the author of these tales ? END
START what were the names of some of the figures for the established religion that aren't based on ancestral ties ?  END
START how did the greeks reject their forebears? END
START  how did they not believe their forebears lived? END
START  what literary events were believed to not be a fact of truth? END
START  who was the author of these poems? END
START what were the names of some of the figures for the established religion that aren't based on ancestral ties? END
START what event is believed to be the ethnic basis of the greeks society? END
START when did this event occur ? END
START what national sporting event was held during this time period still goes on in celebration today ? END
START what was the foundation for spirituality and church ?  END
START what famous spiritual guide and god was a devotional temple made to in the 8th century ? END
START what event was used to celebrate the birth of homer in the same year? END
START what did the city of delphi cause the development of in 776 bc? END
START what did the city of delphi inspire the development of in greek culture? END
START in what century was the odyssey first written in greek? END
START in what year was homer born? END
START what event isn't believed to be the ethnic basis of the greeks society? END
START when didn't this event occur ? END
START what national sporting event wasn't held during this time period still goes on in celebration today ? END
START what wasn't the foundation for spirituality and church ?  END
START what famous spiritual guide and god was a devotional temple made to in the 7th century ? END
START what event is believed to be the ethnic basis of the french society? END
START when did this event stop? END
START what national sporting event wasn't held during this time period still goes on in celebration today? END
START what was the foundation for non-spirituality and non-church? END
START the time span that is counted as the classical for the greeks is from eras ? END
START are there some discrepancies among scholars for the distinction of the period ? END
START what is so well known about this period ? END
START what shiny other name is this time also called ? END
START what did the greeks do that made it possible for the expansion and growth of the opposite of the eastern civilization ? END
START what century marked the formation of western civilization? END
START in what was the time period called when persia was a dominant force in the world? END
START what year marked the beginning of the peloponnesian war? END
START what is well known about the peloponnesian war? END
START what culture was influenced by the results of the peloponnesian war? END
START the time span that is counted as the non-classical for the greeks is from eras ? END
START are there some discrepancies among students for the distinction of the period ? END
START what is so unknown about this period ? END
START what shiny other name is this time not called ? END
START what did the greeks do that made it possible for the contraction of the opposite of the western civilization ? END
START the time span that isn't counted as the classical for the greeks is from eras? END
START why aren't there some discrepancies among scholars for the distinction of the period? END
START  what isn't so well known about this period? END
START  what dull other name is this time also called? END
START what macedonian ruler helped to advance greek beliefs and ways of life ? END
START how was this achievement of advancing culture undertaken ? END
START what types of cities did the expansion of the great ruler inspire ? END
START are any relatives of the first people of  the grecian world still around ? END
START name a city that the greeks nested in ? END
START what macedonian ruler didn't help to advance greek beliefs and ways of life? END
START  how wasn't this achievement of advancing culture undertaken? END
START  what types of cities didn't the expansion of the great ruler inspire? END
START are any relatives of the first people of the grecian world no longer around? END
START with the secession away from the smaller communities in the grecian world, what living situation became of great importance ? END
START the kingdoms of diadochi was comprised of what ? END
START how did the cites remind themselves of their beginnings ? END
START what did the greeks wants to be imparted to their descendants ? END
START what academia was heightened during this time of hellenism ? END
START with the secession away from the smaller communities in the grecian world, what living situation wasn't of great importance? END
START  the kingdoms of diadochi wasn't comprised of what? END
START  how did the cites remind themselves of their end? END
START  what did the greeks not want to be imparted to their descendants? END
START  what academia wasn't heightened during this time of hellenism? END
START when did the religions of the past begin to dissipate ? END
START what encouraged the change of faith ? END
START what religions form of worship came from the eastern sects ? END
START what group was significant in the expansion of the christian faith ? END
START what language are the apostle's namely believed to have spoken ? END
START when did the religions of the past begin to rise? END
START  what discouraged the change of faith? END
START  what religions form of worship came from the western sects? END
START  what group was significant in the expansion of the catholic faith? END
START  what language are the apostle's namely believed to not have spoken? END
START what alternative name were the greeks known by ? END
START what did the label of  hellenes come to stand for during the common era of greece ? END
START did the roman world consider one ethnocentric lineage to be a great concern ? END
START what imperative value was extolled from the christian community to the roman world ? END
START  what alternative name weren't the greeks known by? END
START  what did the label of hellenes come to not stand for during the common era of greece? END
START id the roman world consider two ethnocentric lineage to be a great concern? END
START what imperative value was extolled from the christian community from the roman world? END
START when did the byzantine kingdom come under the impact of the greeks.  END
START who ruled rome during this time period ? END
START what decision did he make that influenced the culture in an attempt to make things more homogeneous ? END
START what made the eastern empire be known as the imperium graecorum ? END
START who was favored by those who lived in the west and mainly used another form of well know verbal language ? END
START when did the byzantine kingdom not come under the impact of the greeks? END
START  who didn't rule rome during this time period? END
START what decision did he make that influenced the culture in an attempt to make things less homogeneous? END
START  what made the eastern empire be known as the non-imperium graecorum? END
START who was favored by those who lived in the west and mainly used another form of not well known verbal language? END
START what caused the resurface of the grecian monotony in politics ? END
START when did the nation reestablish itself ? END
START what was the specialty of great pietho and what is famous for ? END
START what was bolstered by the the final downward spiral of the empire of trebizond ? END
START which factoring war was on gong in 1828 and shares the of a previous scuttle ? ? END
START what caused the unsurface of the grecian monotony in politics? END
START  when did the nation not reestablish itself? END
START  what was the specialty of great pietho and what is it not famous for? END
START what was bolstered by the the first downward spiral of the empire of trebizond? END
START which factoring war wasn't ongoing in 1828 and shares the of a previous scuttle? END
START when did the emperor constantine  lose rule over in 1453 ? END
START what did the populace do in response to the loss ? END
START what type of position did greeks come to hold in the ottoman empire ? END
START who made up the majority of soldiers in the ottoman empire ? END
START what type of work were must young boys antiquated with in the ottoman empire ? END
START  when did the emperor constantine lose rule over in 1483? END
START  what did the populace do in response to the win? END
START what type of position did greeks come to hold in the non-ottoman empire? END
START  who made up the majority of soldiers in the non-ottoman empire? END
START what type of work were must young boys non-antiquated with in the ottoman empire END
START how were the population factions of the ottoman empire classified ? END
START what did it mean to be classified as a greek by the millet command ? END
START what moniker did the greeks grant themselves for distinction ? END
START what did the literate segment of greeks consider to be a part of their ethic lines ? END
START were christian prized among the ottomans ? END
START how weren't the population factions of the ottoman empire classified END
START  what did it mean to not be classified as a greek by the millet command ? END
START  what moniker did the greeks grant themselves for distinction? END
START what did the literate segment of greeks consider not to be a part of their ethic lines ? END
START were christian prized among the non-ottomans END
START what did the greeks offer to the ottoman empire that was a superb benefit ?  END
START who held much of the wealth in the greek society ? END
START what three cities were imperative for the scholarly and economic exchanges ? END
START what other area fields were overshadowed by greek influence ? END
START what did the greeks offer to the ottoman empire that wasn't a superb benefit ? END
START  who held none of the wealth in the greek society? END
START what three cities were not imperative for the scholarly and economic exchanges END
START what other area fields were not overshadowed by greek influence? END
START when was the greece that we know today officially formed ? END
START when was the original grecian constitution formed ? END
START how did the original  constitution identify its society members ? END
START is this identifying factor for official citizens of greece still in effect today ? END
START what factor was used to expel or include citizens in the  lausanne treaty ? END
START when was the greece that we know today unofficially formed? END
START  when was the original grecian constitution not formed? END
START  how did the original constitution not identify its society members? END
START who removed this clause?  END
START what factor was used to expel or include citizens outside of the lausanne treaty? END
START what do westerners believe it means to belong to the greek heritage ?  END
START what do the grecian romioi  descendants of the constantine rule  believe to be true in regards to the status as beneficiaries ? END
START what other cultures do the romioi  clam to be their birthright ? END
START what is an alternative word used by greeks to mean those who worship and alternative religion to the mainstreams ? END
START what do easterners believe it means to belong to the greek heritage END
START what do the grecian romioi descendants of the constantine rule believe to be false in regards to the status as beneficiaries END
START  what other cultures do the romioi clam to not be their birthright END
START what is an alternative word used by greeks to mean those who don't worship and alternative religion to the mainstreams END
START from what era is the rigas feraios believed to be a part of ? END
START when was the greek state of modern times birthed into exsistence ?  END
START what did greeks do that caused  the formation of the new state ? END
START what foundation was laid that is the demographics of modern greek enlightenment era ? END
START from what era is the rigas feraios believed to not be a part of? END
START  when was the greek state of modern times dead to exsistence? END
START  what did greeks do that caused the formation of the old state? END
START what foundation was laid that is the demographics of modern irish enlightenment era  END
START what area is given to be the nesting point of a small group of pagans by a infamous philosopher from greek ? END
START who is this small group named for ? END
START from what mystical lineage does this name benefactor ascend from ? END
START is the name more ancient than other group names in the area ? END
START how many orginal founding patrons are there of the great amphictyonic league ? END
START what area is given to be the nesting point of a small group of pagans by a very famous philosopher from greek? END
START  who is this small group not named for? END
START  from what mystical lineage does this name benefactor descend from  END
START how many orginal founding patrons are there of the great emphictyonic league END
START what does the author of the mortal female focused early example hexameter poetry say of the hellenic protector ? END
START what caused a name change according to the chronicles of parian ? END
START where do modern theorist believe the name of greek originated from ? END
START what  is the origins of the term "old woman " ? END
START what does the author of the mortal female focused late example hexameter poetry say of the hellenic protector? END
START  what didn't cause a name change according to the chronicles of parian  END
START where do ancient theorist believe the name of greek originated from END
START  what is the origins of the term "old man "? END
START what interchangeable terms did homer use in his poems for greeks ? END
START what is believed to be the derivative of these names ? END
START what was redefined in the 5th century about the people of these names? END
START where was this origin of this redefinition ? END
START what was the age in 1300 bc named ? END
START what interchangeable terms did homer use in his songs for greeks? END
START  what is believed to not be the derivative of these names? END
START what was redefined in the 4th century about the people of these names? END
START  what was the age in 1400 bc named? END
START in homer's poems who were the greeks at odds with ? END
START from where did the basis of the argos tales originate ? END
START what did the female descendants of argos have to accomplish ? END
START what community did the denyen live in ? END
START what country is spoken of in the inscriptions of a country in northern africa from 1390-1352 bc ? END
START in homer's poems who were the greeks not at odds with? END
START  from where did the basis of the argos tales not originate? END
START  what did the male descendants of argos have to accomplish? END
START what country is spoken of in the inscriptions of a country in northern africa from 1390-1352 ad? END
START what is the easiest connection between the greeks of old and those of today ? END
START how log did the age of darkness last for the greeks ? END
START who else has a history as long standing as those of the greeks ? END
START when did most of the eastward sector of the roman expanse choose to have a rebirth of greek traditions and appreciations ? END
START what aspects of the greek culture have remained steadfast throughout the years ? END
START what is the most difficult connection between the greeks of old and those of today? END
START  how log did the age of lightness last for the greeks? END
START  who else has a history as long standing as those of the irish? END
START when did most of the westward sector of the roman expanse choose to have a rebirth of greek traditions and appreciations? END
START in the rupublic of hellenic who is the ethnic majority and what percentage of the populace do they represent ? END
START what's the estimated populace of greeks on the isle of cyprus ? END
START are greeks in danger of contributing vastly to the problem of population control ? END
START is the greek populace on a whole increasing or decreasing in numbers ? END
START where there any significances that contributed to the increase or decrease in population numbers ? END
START in the republic of hellenic who is the ethnic majority and what percentage of the populace don't they represent? END
START what's the estimated populace of irish on the isle of cyprus? END
START how has the population decreased since 1828? END
START how has the population decreased since 1829? END
START which colonial enterprise for land was the greek isles a part of  END
START who was living on with the greeks in cyprus s 1974 ? END
START whee these new inhabitants welcomed ? END
START during the early seventies where did most cyprus greeks decide to go ? END
START which colonial enterprise for land was the greek isles not a part of? END
START  who was living on with the irish in cyprus in 1974? END
START who invaded turkey? END
START during the early eighties where did most cyprus greeks decide to go END
START what other countries boast of a greek populace ? END
START what acts have caused the population of greeks to be numbered so few in the country who name is reminiscent of a big american holiday? END
START how long was there a greek influence represented in "little" asia ?  END
START are there any greek who still live in the area around the dark sea in any majority of numbers? END
START  what other countries don't boast of a greek populace? END
START what year was the constantine progom? END
START what happened in 1956? END
START  how long was there a greek influence represented in "little" africa? END
START are there any greek who still live in the area around the light sea in any majority of numbers? END
START how many people that are of greek ascendancy live elsewhere than greece ? END
START who provided the contradictory  population numbers for greeks abroad ? END
START how many greeks do they believe would be an accurate number for census numbers ? END
START at what university is this issue of accurate consensus for greeks living elsewhere being debated an  END
START who has presented the contradictory number to the census groups ? END
START how many people that are of greek ascendancy live elsewhere than italy? END
START who provided the contradictory population numbers for irish abroad? END
START how many greeks do they believe would be an inaccurate number for census numbers? END
START who has presented the contradictory number to the non-census groups ? END
START what helped to advance the greek way of life beyond its boarders ? END
START what other close by countries have been greatly influenced by the greek way of life ? END
START how were the rulers of social class picked to be representatives in the now traditionally arabic speaking part of the world and in northern africa ? END
START what period marked the expansion of greek thinking and expression ? END
START  what helped to advance the greek way of life inside its boarders? END
START what other close by countries have been greatly influenced by the french way of life? END
START how were the rulers of social class picked to be representatives in the now traditionally arabic speaking part of the world and in northern america? END
START what period didn't mark the expansion of greek thinking and expression? END
START after freedom was won by the greeks who was of import to forming the rules  ? END
START what did they do that contributed to the greek's success of establishment? END
START who already had contact over a network of countries ready to offer assistance to the greeks ? END
START what countries did they settle in ? END
START how were these relationships with the other countries most likely established ? END
START before freedom was won by the greeks who was of import to forming the rules? END
START what did they do that contributed to the french's success of establishment? END
START  who already had contact over a network of countries ready to offer assistance to the french? END
START  what countries did they not settle in? END
START what is considered the start of the grecian cultural world ? END
START which devotion of time was heavily influenced by the religious followers of the  son of god ? END
START in what centennial was the massacre of the greeks of ottoman descent ? END
START was there anything good that could be found from the divergence into exchange ? END
START who was given the merit for the reemergence of the greek way of life ? END
START what is considered the end of the grecian cultural world? END
START which devotion of time wa didn't heavily influence by the religious followers of the son of god? END
START in what centennial was the massacre of the french of ottoman descent? END
START was there anything good that could not be found from the divergence into exchange? END
START who was given the merit for the reemergence of the french way of life ? END
START what other dialects share a thread with the greek language.  END
START what radical political changes occurred during the 19th century ? END
START what did these changes highlight ? END
START what became the official dialect of greeks and what was it missing ? END
START what choices in 1976 made a change to the decisions concerning the official dialect ?  END
START what other dialects share a thread with the french language? END
START  what non-radical political changes occurred during the 19th century? END
START  what did these changes not highlight? END
START  what became the official dialect of greeks and what was it not missing? END
START what is different about the use of greek language today as opposed to the language of the past ? END
START what are some of the local jargon used in greek speaking? END
START what language still survives as the representation of the one of the three religious orders of historic greece ? END
START what ancient language is still in use today in some of the minuscule societies in the grecian world ? END
START do the people of greek ascendancy only speak grecian languages ? END
START what is different about the use of greek language today as opposed to the language of the future? END
START  what are some of the non-local jargon used in greek speaking? END
START what language still survives as the representation of the one of the four religious orders of historic greece? END
START what ancient language is still in use today in some of the minuscule societies in the non-grecian world? END
START  do the people of french ascendancy only speak grecian languages? END
START what is the religion of the greek majority ? END
START what denominational variance do they adhere to for the most part ? END
START what language was the second half of the bible originally written in ? END
START this language is the official dialect of worship for the traditional sect for church worshipers of greece ? END
START what other varieties of christianity can be found among the grecian people ? END
START what is the religion of the greek minority? END
START  what denominational variance do they not adhere to for the most part ? END
START what language was the second half of the bible not written in? END
START  this language is the official dialect of worship for the traditional sect for church worshipers of france? END
START what input did the greeks have on artistry of the world ? END
START what period in europe was full of an appreciation for earlier cultures ? END
START what important heritage of art  from greece was celebrated during this time ? END
START what enacted the transactions of customs and ways of life for the people of the asian continent and the grecian people ? END
START in the land of the rising sun, what influence was of greek descent ? END
START  what input did the french have on artistry of the world? END
START what period in asia was full of an appreciation for earlier cultures? END
START what important heritage of art from france was celebrated during this time? END
START what enacted the transactions of customs and ways of life for the people of the asian continent and the french people END
START in the land of the rising sun, what influence was of non-greek descent ? END
START who was one of the old masters from the greeks ? END
START who was one the most well known modern decorative modelers of the greeks ? END
START who sang in a voice that is in the high octave range from the modern greek era ? END
START name one of the poetic authors who was also nominated for the nobel peace award from the greeks ? END
START who was one of the old masters from the french? END
START who was one the most well known modern decorative modelers of the french? END
START who sang in a voice that is in the low octave range from the modern greek era? END
START name one of the poetic authors who was never nominated for the nobel peace award from the greeks END
START what contribution to the scientific community have the greeks left the world ? END
START what school practices were kept by the roman world after the fall of greece ? END
START what has been maintained by the greeks throughout their extended history ? END
START what is one the most elevated values among the grecian society ? END
START at what location did education begin for the first set of people to be eligible to earn and advanced degree in a particular subject ? END
START what contribution to the scientific community have the french left the world? END
START  what school practices were kept by the french world after the fall of greece? END
START what has been not maintained by the greeks throughout their extended history END
START  what is one the least elevated values among the grecian society? END
START according to recent research who is enrolled in the universities in greece in higher number men or women ? END
START do those who from greek descent desire an education from other parts of the world ? END
START are university  educators from he greek world working as professors and teachers  in other countries ? END
START who made significant addition to a charming little quirky  scientific deviant that lead to the winning of a prestigious award of recognition and gave birth to a model ? END
START according to recent research who is enrolled in the universities in france in higher number men or women? END
START do those who from france descent desire an education from other parts of the world? END
START who made an insignificant addition to a charming little quirky scientific deviant that lead to the winning of a prestigious award of recognition and gave birth to a model END
START what are the representations of the greek reference freedom or death that are held on a cloth symbol of the nation ? END
START this reference also holds significance as what the the grecian people ? END
START is religion also represented on this cloth symbol of the greek? END
START have the people of turkey held any feeling towards the cloth symbol of the greeks ? END
START have the people of greece done anything to make the matter more palatable for the people of turkey ? END
START what aren't the representations of the greek reference freedom or death that are held on a cloth symbol of the nation? END
START this reference also holds insignificance as what the the grecian people? END
START  is religion also represented on this cloth symbol of the french? END
START have the people of greece done anything to make the matter more palatable for the people of asia? END
START what names are used that are typically from  a father and have usually added a suffix or prefix ? END
START what letter of the alphabet do most of the last names the men of greecs end with ? END
START what other beginnings of origination do some of the last names of the greeks share ? END
START what does it mean to have the letters ou added to the ending of a males last name ? END
START what names are used that are typically from a mother and have usually added a suffix or prefix? END
START what letter of the alphabet do most of the last names the men of france end with? END
START what other beginnings of origination do some of the last names of the french share? END
START what does it mean to have the letters ou added to the ending of a females last name? END
START what are considered to be the motherland of the greeks ? END
START what statement of note was given by a great philosopher from greece written by another great philosopher ? END
START what is the name of the ancient map of the greek world  named  ? END
START when did changes of this ancient map become notable ? END
START are there many product available from farm cultivation on the greek lands ? END
START  what are considered to be the motherland of the french? END
START what statement of note was given by a great philosopher from france written by another great philosopher? END
START  what is the name of the ancient map of the french world named? END
START when did changes of this ancient map not become notable? END
START are there many product available from farm cultivation on the french lands? END
START who was the well known sea vessel captain of the greeks who sailed to asia  ? END
START what else is this particular captain known for doing ?  END
START what did greeks do that caused a later deal to be made with the italians ? END
START who proposed that change was needed in the way business with the greeks was to be conducted  ?  END
START who was the well known sea vessel captain of the greeks who sailed to france? END
START  what else is this particular captain known for not doing? END
START what did french do that caused a later deal to be made with the italians? END
START who proposed that change wasn't needed in the way business with the greeks was to be conducted END
START what was brought about by the ottomans that caused and uplift in the classes of greek society ? END
START what did the development of these changes lead to for the greeks under ottoman rulers ? END
START is the seafaring business still of any relevancy to the greek economy ? END
START what was the last husband of jacquelyn kennedy known for ?  END
START what was brought about by the ottomans that caused and uplift in the classes of french society END
START  what did the development of these changes lead to for the french under ottoman rulers? END
START is the seafaring business still of any relevancy to the french economy? END
START  what was the first husband of jacquelyn kennedy known for? END
START what dominant hair color is to believed to be prevalent among greeks  END
START which colors lay outside of the nor for those of greek descent ? END
START what eye color is believed to be the norm among greeks ? END
START what eye color shows the least presence among those of greek heritage ? END
START what dominant hair color is not believed to be prevalent among greeks END
START  which colors lay outside of the nor for those of french descent? END
START what eye color is not believed to be the norm among greeks? END
START what eye color shows the most presence among those of greek heritage END
START during what period of domination were many greeks unable to interact with it's central location ? END
START what location did many of the greek people decide to live in other than greece after the 19th century ? END
START what has lead to the current situation of vast dispersion of the greek people ? END
START after the 19th century about how much of the greek population resided in little asia ? END
START the anthology of the greek world is intimately joined with what areas of the world ? END
START during what period of domination were many greeks able to interact with it's central location END
START what location did many of the greek people decide to live in other than france after the 17th century? END
START what has lead to the current situation of vast dispersion of the french people? END
START after the 19th century about how much of the greek population resided in little africa? END
START the anthology of the greek world is intimately did not join with what areas of the world? END
