START what was the birth date of john von neumann? END
START when did john von neuman die? END
START what were the occupations that von neuman held? END
START what were von neuman's contributions to the field of computing? END
START how many papers did von neumann publish? END
START what is the name of von neumann's last work? END
START what high profile controversial project was von neumann a prinipal of? END
START of his published works, what topics were they covering? END
START von neumann's study of what preceded the discovery of dna? END
START what part of his work did von neumann consider to be his most important? END
START where was quantum mechanics developed? END
START what work did von nemann do in berlin in 1930 and princeton 1935 - 39? END
START what was the topic of von neumann's work at princeton in 1931 - 32? END
START with whom did von neumann work on the manhattan project? END
START post world war ii, in what role did von neumann work? END
START for what organizations was von neumann a consultant after world war ii? END
START what keys steps did von neumann work out that contributed to weapons of war? END
START where was von neumann born? END
START did von neumann have any siblings? END
START what occupation did von neumann father hold? END
START when did von neuman's father move from pecs to budapest? END
START what was von neumann's mother's name? END
START in what year was von neumann's father elevated to nobility? END
START what emperor elevated von neumann's father to nobility? END
START what town did von neumann's family become associated when elevated to nobility? END
START what was von neumann's given name as member of austro-hungarian nobility? END
START at what age did schooling begin in hungary? END
START who taught children before they began school in hungary? END
START what languages were von neumann and his siblings taught? END
START at what age was von neumann familiar with calculus? END
START what did von neumann enter in 1911? END
START in what room did children get education in hungary? END
START what collective name was given to the generation of scholars produced by the hungarian school system? END
START in what year did wigner win nobel prize? END
START at what age did von neumann begin to study advance calculus? END
START who did von neumann begin his studies of advanced calculus under? END
START by 19 how many papers had von neumann published? END
START von neumann's modern definition of ordinal numbers superseded whose definition? END
START what prize did von neuman win at the conclusion of his gymansium formal education? END
START what career path was decided upon for von neuman? END
START at what university was it arranged for von neumann to enter a chemistry program? END
START where did von neumann study as a phd candidate? END
START what was the topic of von neuman's thesis? END
START where did von neumann begin to lecture in 1928? END
START by the end of 1927 how many papers had von neuman written? END
START how many papers had von neumann written by 1929? END
START what better offer came for von neumann in 1930? END
START when did von neumann get married? END
START what was von neumann's wife's name? END
START before marriage what faith did von neumann join? END
START what was von neumann's child's name? END
START when did von neumann get married for a second time? END
START in what year was von neumann offered a lifetime professorship?  END
START in what year did von neumann's mother and siblings join him in u.s? END
START in what year did von neumann become a naturalized citizen of us? END
START why was neuman rejected from joining us army? END
START what type of "off color" humor did von neumann especially enjoy? END
START what complaints did von neumann's neighbor's have? END
START what famous neighbor did von neumann have that may have been distracted by the music von neumann played? END
START what mathematician was von nemann's closest friend? END
START what topics of conversation would ulam and von neumann typically share? END
START what would ulam use to cheer up von neumann in the hospital? END
START what caused a setback in naive set theory at the beginning of 20th century? END
START who resolved the problem of adequate axiomatization of set theory? END
START what 2 techniques did von neumann use to exclude sets in his doctoral thesis in 1925? END
START what is the method to demonstrate that no contradictions were created by the addition of axiom of foundation? END
START zermelo and fraenkel's axiom of foundation established that every set be constructed how? END
START what excluded a set from belonging to itself in set theory? END
START what is a proper class? END
START under what approach does an axiom impede a set of all sets which do not belong to themselves? END
START under von neumann's approach can a class of all sets that do not belong to themselves be constructed? END
START in 1930 who gave a strongly negative answer to von neuman's approach to the axiomatic system of theory of sets? END
START what was the central theme of godel's announcement that the axiomatic system was not complete? END
START where was godel's statement about axiomatic system made in 1930? END
START how long did it take von neumann to figure a response to theory of incompleteness? END
START what was the consequence of the theory of incompleteness? END
START upon revising the theory of incompleteness, what was the name of the new godel theory? END
START what field did von neuman establish? END
START what is the distinction of continuous geometry? END
START what was the first example of continuous geometry? END
START in what way did von neumann make spectacular contributions to measure theory? END
START what concept was relevant to the solvability of the problem of measure? END
START according to von neumann what is the most important part of the problem of measure? END
START what is often considered more important than the results of von neumann's papers? END
START in 1938 what was von neumann awarded? END
START what did von neumann use the haar theorem to solve in a 1936 paper? END
START what is von neumann algebra? END
START what does the von neumann bicommutant theorem show? END
START when was direct integral introduced by von neumann? END
START what was introduced in von neumann algebras? END
START what did von neumann work on in 1937 - 39? END
START what properties determine dimension in lattice theory? END
START who wrote that "john von neumann's brilliant mind blazed over lattice theory like a meteor?" END
START what type of axioms were used by von neumann in his lattice work? END
START how long was von neumann's lattice theory paper? END
START in what room did von neumann often write at home? END
START who established the framework for quantum mechanics? END
START what paper did von neumann produce in 1932? END
START what von neumann work preceded the axiomatiztion of quatum mechanics? END
START what are the physics of quantum mechanics? END
START what is the uncertainty principle? END
START the physics of quantum mechanics included special cases for what work? END
START von neumann's abstract treatment allowed him to work on what foundational issue? END
START what was john bell's argument? END
START what did jeffrey bub argue in 2010? END
START did von neumann rule hidden variable theories? END
START what results came from von neumann's deep analysis of the measurement problem? END
START what "outside of calculation" variable could initiate collapse in von neumann's conclusion? END
START were von neumann's conclusions of collapse of entire universe cause accepted widely? END
START with whom did von neuman work on a paper in 1936 that introduce quantum logic? END
START what concept was created for quatum logic? END
START what is the difference of logic in quantum theory? END
START what year was game theory established? END
START what discipline is game theory derived from? END
START what are the possible strategies in minimax theory? END
START what must a player consider when determining every possible strategy? END
START what is the difference of quantum disjunction from classic? END
START what is frequently the case in quantum mechanics when a pair of alternatives are semantically determinate? END
START how can quantum disjuction be illustrated? END
START what is optimal strategy? END
START what von neumann work was published in 1944? END
START who was co-author with von neman on the theory of games and economic behavior? END
START how did von neumann raise the level of economics? END
START what did von neumann prove with his model of expanding economy? END
START what did von neumann consider for his model of expanding economy? END
START in von neumann's model what does p represent? END
START in von neumann's model what does q represent? END
START what is the rate of qrowth equal to? END
START was the economic model successful? END
START what were von neumann's model an example of? END
START what was the significance of von neumann's model of expanding economy? END
START what ideas were utilized in von neumann's ecocomic model? END
START when did von neumann's interest in economics begin? END
START what economist did von neumann get to know that spurred the interest in economics? END
START in who's book did von neuman find errors in the author's equations? END
START what was the new method of linear programming that von neumann suggested? END
START what did von neuman's method use? END
START what was von neumann's method known to be the first of? END
START when did von neumann establish mean square ratio? END
START how has mean square ratio been applied? END
START what does null hypothesis test against? END
START the algorithm defining artificial viscosity is a fundamental contribution to what area? END
START what did the math of artificial viscosity do? END
START what was the problem of computers solving fluid dynamics? END
START what principal contribution did von neumann make to atomic bomb? END
START did von nemann think that the atomic bomb design was not workable? END
START what additional ideas did von neumann contribute to atomic bomb? END
START what change was made when shortage of uranium 235 was apparent? END
START what was the tolerance limit for implosion "edge effect"? END
START who constructed trinity bomb? END
START in what year was trinity bomb completed? END
START what other people worked with von neumann on target selection? END
START what role did von neuman play in the selection of targets? END
START what was von neumann's first choice for target city? END
START who dismissed von neuamann's primary target city? END
START on what day was the first atomic blast? END
START where did the first atomic blast test take place? END
START what was the power of the first atomic blast? END
START with whom did von neumann collaborate for further development of the hydrogen bomb? END
START what improvement did von neumann see in the nuclear weaponry? END
START what country was afforded access to design of improved nuclear weapon through espionage? END
START in 1950 von neumann became a consultant for what organization? END
START what military organization did von neumann also consult with for military aspect of nuclear weapons? END
START what committee did von neumann serve on within the atomic energy commission? END
START in what year did von neumann become commissioner of the aec? END
START what were compact hydrogen bombs useful for? END
START what was the concern with longer range icbm with hbomb? END
START von neumann testified at whose hearing about loyalty and help? END
START what was the purpose of top secret icbm committee? END
START what argument did von neumann make about icbms? END
START in what year did sm-65 atlas pass its first fully functional test?  END
START what was mad? END
START what was the goal of mad? END
START what were russians opinions of future weaponry? END
START what was the concern of a missile gap? END
START why did von neumann join government work? END
START how did von neumaan describe his political ideology? END
START what was the project that von neumann first participated in government? END
START who was the inventor of the merge-sort algorithm? END
START with whom did von neumann work on the philosophy of artificial intelligence? END
START what does a merge sort algorithm do? END
START where were the computations for hydrogen bomb worked out? END
START what was the monte carlo method? END
START due to slow use of random numbers what was developed? END
START what nullified patent claims of edvac designers? END
START what was the significance of edvac? END
START where was eniac located? END
START what was the speed difference with new eniac? END
START what were advantages for programming new eniac? END
START after the design of ias, who built the computer? END
START when was stochastic computing introduced? END
START how long before stochastic computing could be implemented? END
START when did von neumann develop first self reproducing computer program? END
START what is another name for the first self reproducing computer program? END
START on what computer was the first numerical weather forecast produced? END
START in what year did von neumann publish the paper numerical integration of the barotropic vorticity equation END
START how much colder was world in last glacial age? END
START how quickly was von neumann able to complete math in his head? END
START were other mathematicians amazed by von neumann? END
START did von neumann enjoy thinking? END
START how did lothar wolfgang nordheim describe von neumann?  END
START what did jacob bronowski think of von neumann? END
START what did lecturer polya think about von nuemann? END
START what did herman goldstone write about von neumann? END
START could von neumann recall written text much later? END
START what did ulam think of von nuemann's cognitive ability? END
START what did nobel laureate hans bethe think of von neumann's ability? END
START what did james glimm have to say about von nuemann? END
START what description did peter lax use for von neumann? END
START in what year was von neumann diagnosed with cancer? END
START from when his mother was diagnosed with cancer, how long did she live? END
START how long did von neumann survive with cancer? END
START who administered the last sacrament to von neumann? END
START did the last sacrament ease von neumann? END
START was there conflict of faith and beliefs at the end of von neumann's life? END
START what did oskar morgenstern feel about von neumann's beliefs? END
START what year was the playstation 3 released? END
START what social gaming service was integrated into the playstation 3? END
START what was the thinner version of the ps3 called? END
START what year did the super slim model hit stores? END
START how many playstation 3 units had been purchased as of early 2016? END
START what version of the playstation was released at the end of 2007? END
START what was officially announced at e4 2005? END
START the hefty model of the playstation 3 was released when? END
START as of march 2017, playstation 3 has sold how many units? END
START what was the thinnest version of the ps4 called? END
START what year was the playstation 4 released? END
START what social gaming service was integrated into the playstation 4? END
START what was the thicker version of the ps3 called? END
START what year did the super slim model get cancelled? END
START how many playstation 3 units had been purchased as of early 2015? END
START what shape was the sixaxis prototype in? END
START what event did sony choose for the ps3 unveiling? END
START what popular game was demoed in a video at the game shows? END
START what event did sony take the playstation 3 to four months after e3? END
START what was one game sony debuted on a modified pc so gamers could get a look? END
START dell unveiled the ps3 to the public on what date? END
START at what event did sony unveil the ps4? END
START fantasy of the patriots was demoed at which may 2005 event? END
START metal gear solid 3 was demoed at which may 2005 event? END
START what shape was the sixaxis final model in? END
START what event did microsoft choose for the ps3 unveiling? END
START what popular game was demoed in just audio at the game shows? END
START what event did sony take the playstation 3 to five months after e3? END
START what was one game sony debuted on a modified ps so gamers could get a look? END
START how many usb ports did the original ps3 prototype have? END
START by the time the system appeared at e3 2006, how many ethernet ports was it down to? END
START why might sony have reduced the number of ports on the playstation 3 before production? END
START in addition to the 20 gb model, what larger model did sony offer? END
START what color is the logo on the 60 gb ps3? END
START the initial prototype shown in march 2005 had how many hdmi ports? END
START sony increased the number of hdmi ports to presumably cut what? END
START the initial prototype shown in march 2005 had how many ethernet ports? END
START the initial prototype shown in march 2005 had how many usb ports? END
START how many usb ports did the original ps2 prototype have? END
START by the time the system appeared at e3 2005, how many ethernet ports was it down to? END
START why might sony have reduced the number of ports on the playstation 3 after production? END
START in addition to the 2 gb model, what larger model did sony offer? END
START what color is the logo on the 6 gb ps3? END
START which region experience a setback that pushed back the release of the playstation 3? END
START what part of the system was sony having trouble getting supplies for? END
START which japanese ps3 model got a 20%-plus price cut before hitting the market? END
START where did sony offer the 60 gb model with an open pricing scheme? END
START how many playable games did the playstation 3 by the time it arrived at the 2006 tokyo game show? END
START a shortage of what delayed the ps4 launch in what region? END
START the ps4 launch in the pal region was delayed until what date? END
START at the tokyo game show sony showed how many playable ps4 games? END
START the launch price of the japanese 60 gb model was reduced by how much? END
START what game show took place on september 12, 2006? END
START which region experience a setback that moved up the release of the playstation 3? END
START what part of the system was sony having an easy time getting supplies for? END
START which japanese ps3 model got a 10%-plus price cut before hitting the market? END
START where did sony offer the 60 gb model with a closed pricing scheme? END
START how many playable games did the playstation 3 by the time it arrived at the 2005 tokyo game show? END
START instead of november, for what month of the following year was the release rescheduled? END
START what country had to wait until june of 2007 for their ps3? END
START how big was the hard drive in the single south korean version? END
START what did customers in singapore pay for the 60 gb ps3? END
START on what date did the playstation 3 go on sale in africa? END
START what system sold about 6,000,000 units in its first two days? END
START the 80 gb ps3 launched in singapore when? END
START what was the price of the 80 gb ps3 launched in singapore? END
START when was the 60 gb ps3 launched in south korea? END
START instead of october, for what month of the following year was the release rescheduled? END
START what country had to wait until june of 2008 for their ps3? END
START how big was the hard drive in the single north korean version? END
START what did customers in singapore pay for the 60 gb ps2? END
START on what date did the playstation 2 go on sale in africa? END
START what was the model number of the slim version of the playstation 3? END
START what font was discontinued with the release of the slim model? END
START what would customers notice about the sound of the new, improved cooling system? END
START what did the boot screen on the game consoles read before sony changed it to "ps3 playstation 3"? END
START what did sony change about the ps3 games along with the packaging in 2009? END
START sony announce what model on april 18, 2009? END
START where did sony announce the ps4 cech-2000? END
START what model included increased power consumption? END
START what model stopped using the "batman font"? END
START what model included a louder cooling system? END
START what was the model number of the thick version of the playstation 3? END
START what font was continued with the release of the slim model? END
START what would customers notice about the sound of the new, improved heating system? END
START what did the boot screen on the game consoles read after sony changed it to "ps3 playstation 3"? END
START what did sony change about the ps3 games along with the packaging in 2008? END
START at what event did sony tell everyone about the cech-4000? END
START what size was the largest hard drive available on the super slim ps3? END
START how many versions of the cech-4000 were made? END
START on what date was the 12 gb version of the super slim released in the uk? END
START what color was the playstation 3 that was included in the god of war: ascension bundle in the states? END
START at what game show was the new, slimmer ps4 redesign announced? END
START the 5000 gb model was released in the uk when? END
START the ps4 super slim was released in the what country with uncharted 3? END
START in japan, the black super slim was released on november 22 of what year? END
START at what event did sony tell everyone about the cech-3000? END
START what size was the largest hard drive available on the super slim ps2? END
START how many versions of the cech-4000 weren't made? END
START on what date was the 12 gb version of the super slim released in the us? END
START what color was the playstation 3 that was included in the god of war: ascension bundle in the uk? END
START how many games could you buy to go with your ps3 when it launched in north america? END
START what game won gamespot's game of the year title for 2006? END
START what company developed the game ridge racer 7? END
START what's the name of the sequel game to motorstorm? END
START how many titles did the ps3 launch with in europe? END
START ps3 launched in south america with how many titles? END
START what was the worst-selling game launch in the us? END
START what game was heavily criticized by many video game websites? END
START the ps3 game of the year award 2006 was given to what game? END
START during the japanese launch, crossfire was the top-selling what? END
START how many games could you buy to go with your ps3 when it launched in south america? END
START what game won gamespot's game of the year title for 2016? END
START what company developed the game ridge racer 6? END
START what's the name of the prequel game to motorstorm? END
START how many titles did the ps2 launch with in europe? END
START which ratchet & clank title debuted at e3 2007? END
START what year was warhawk released for the playstation 3? END
START at what event were two new final fantasy games for ps3 first shown to the japanese market? END
START what gran turismo game was shown in 2007 but not released until after 2007? END
START which much anticipated third-party game with the name of a month of the year in it did sony show at e3 2007? END
START which uncharted title debuted at e3 2008? END
START what year was uncharted:tools of destruction released for ps3? END
START what titles were shown at the tas 2007? END
START what was shown at tgs 2007 to appease the french market? END
START which ratchet & clank title debuted at e2 2007? END
START what year was jayhawk released for the playstation 3? END
START at what event were two new final fantasy games for ps3 last shown to the japanese market? END
START what gran turismo game was shown in 2007 but not released until after 2008? END
START which much anticipated third-party game with the name of a month of the year in it did sony show at e4 2007? END
START what's sony's budget line of ps3 games called in japan? END
START if you live in australia and want affordable playstation 3 games, what range would you shop for? END
START which call of duty title does sony include in their low-end price range? END
START in what year was devil may cry 4 added to the budget game offerings for ps3? END
START what words would you see in the united states or canada on a ps3 game that would signify its lower price? END
START who launched luxury ps3 titles? END
START what is known as the platinum hits range in the us? END
START what resistance title is in the ps4 budget range? END
START what uncharted title is in the ps4 budget range? END
START what's sony's budget line of ps2 games called in japan? END
START if you live in australia and want affordable playstation 4 games, what range would you shop for? END
START which call of duty title does sony include in their high-end price range? END
START in what year was devil may cry 3 added to the budget game offerings for ps3? END
START what words would you see in the united states or canada on a ps3 game that would signify its higher price? END
START what company said it would bring 3d technology to the ps3? END
START along with wipeout hd, what game did the press view in 3d in early 2009? END
START what version of firmware update gave the playstation 3 its 3d capability?  END
START what word describes what happens to a game when is edited to add functions not originally programmed? END
START what was the ps3 console able to play after the system software was updated to 3.50? END
START the ceo of blitz games announced in december 2008 it would bring what to ps4? END
START firmware update 3.33 allowed ps3 titles to be played in what? END
START software update 3.55 allowed the ps3 to play what? END
START a title with a 3d patch is super what? END
START what company said it would bring 4d technology to the ps3? END
START along with wipeout hd, what game did the press view in 3d in late 2009? END
START what version of firmware update gave the playstation 3 its 4d capability?  END
START what word describes what happens to a game when is edited to remove functions not originally programmed? END
START what was the ps3 console able to play after the system software was updated to 3.05? END
START what operating system does fixstars solutions offer for the playstation 3? END
START what company sold yellow dog linux before fixstars solutions? END
START what company bought rapidmind in 2009? END
START how many playstation 3 consoles was dr. frank mueller able to cluster together? END
START who is buying ps3 clusters instead of supercomputers in order to save some money? END
START whose hardware was used to build superconductors? END
START who produced a stream programming package for ps4? END
START who did rapidmind acquire in 2009? END
START who clustered 18 ps3s? END
START what operating system does fixstars solutions offer for the playstation 2? END
START what company sold yellow dog linux after fixstars solutions? END
START what company bought rapidmind in 2008? END
START how many playstation 2 consoles was dr. frank mueller able to cluster together? END
START who is buying ps3 clusters instead of supercomputers in order to lose some money? END
START what type of microprocessor is in a ps3? END
START what does ppe stand for? END
START how many synergistic processing elements are in a ps3's cpu? END
START how much xdr dram is on board a ps3? END
START what function is the nvidia rsx responsible for in a playstation 3? END
START which playstaytion uses a cell processor? END
START the ninth spe is disabled to improve what? END
START only seven on the eight spes are accessible to whom? END
START ps4 has 526 mb of what kind of main memory? END
START what type of macroprocessor is in a ps3? END
START what doesn't ppe stand for? END
START how many synergistic processing elements are in a ps3's cup? END
START how much xdr bram is on board a ps3? END
START what function is the nvidia rxs responsible for in a playstation 3? END
START what did sony name their vibrating ps3 controller? END
START at what event at the tokyo game show was the dualshock 3 first announced? END
START what did many people who handled the dualshock 3 say it was compared to the sixaxis? END
START what was the first country to be able to buy the new dualshock 3 in stores? END
START on what date was the dualshock three released in australia? END
START sony announced dualshock 4 at what game show? END
START sony announced a vibrating ps4 controller  at what game show? END
START the ps4 controller was lighter than what? END
START dualshock 4 was released in japan on what date? END
START what did sony name their vibrating ps2 controller? END
START at what event at the tokyo game show was the dualshock 2 first announced? END
START what did many people who handled the dualshock 2 say it was compared to the sixaxis? END
START what was the last country to be able to buy the new dualshock 3 in stores? END
START on what date was the dualshock three unreleased in australia? END
START how is "xrossmediabar" abbreviated? END
START how many options categories display in the standard ps3 xrossmediabar? END
START one of sony's streaming services is the playstation vue; what's the other one called? END
START when you start up your ps3, what's the first section of the ps network you see? END
START what menu would you use to set up a video chat? END
START what is displayed when the system shuts down? END
START ps4 is able to store what kind of profiles? END
START ps4 has what kind of optional storage? END
START ps4 is compatible with what kind of keyboard? END
START how is "xrossmediabar" unabbreviated? END
START how many options categories display in the standard ps4 xrossmediabar? END
START one of sony's streaming services is the playstation rue; what's the other one called? END
START when you start up your ps3, what's the last section of the ps network you see? END
START what menu would you use to set up an audio chat? END
START what does the abbreviation "ndrm" represent? END
START how many different ps3s can one user access? END
START what identifier allows a player to activate a playstation 3? END
START playstation has safeguards in place to prevent illegal use of what type of movies or video? END
START how does ps4 limit data use? END
START playstation's network store governs purchased what? END
START ps4 limits the transfer of what? END
START what will restore correctly? END
START what doesn't the abbreviation "ndrm" represent? END
START what does the abbreviation "nerd" represent? END
START how many same ps3s can one user access? END
START what identifier allows a player to deactivate a playstation 3? END
START playstation has safeguards in place to prevent legal use of what type of movies or video? END
START what application lets ps3 users view and organize photographs? END
START what version of ps3 contained photo gallery? END
START after version 3.4, picasa was integrated into photo gallery along with what social networking site? END
START is photo gallery automatically or separately installed? END
START photo gallery includes the ability to sort by age, color, or what other unusual criteria for photo software? END
START what allows you to view photos on ps4? END
START photo gallery takes up 150 what? END
START what application was introduced in software version 1.60? END
START what version allows users to upload photos on snapchat? END
START what application lets ps3 users view and disorganize photographs? END
START what version of ps2 contained photo gallery? END
START after version 4.30, picasa was integrated into photo gallery along with what social networking site? END
START is video gallery automatically or separately installed? END
START photo gallery excludes the ability to sort by age, color, or what other unusual criteria for photo software? END
START in what month of 2009 did vidzone start free service to some countries? END
START what year did the announcement come about netflix becoming available on ps3 in the u.s.? END
START what do you have to agree to with netflix before you can use their service on playstation 3? END
START what type of disc was initially used to connect access to netflix for ps3? END
START when were users able to discard the disc and access netflix directly through their ps3s? END
START vidzone has offered paid music video streaming service since when? END
START netflix has been available on ps2 since when? END
START which users paid for a blu-ray disc to access services? END
START in october 2010, the requirement to use what was installed? END
START in what month of 2009 did vidzone start paid service to some countries? END
START what year did the announcement come about netflix becoming available on ps3 in the u.n.? END
START what do you have to disagree to with netflix before you can use their service on playstation 3? END
START what type of disc was never used to connect access to netflix for ps3? END
START when were users able to discard the disc and access netflix directly through their ps4s? END
START what functionality did the playstation 3 lose in version 3.21 of its firmware update? END
START what reason did sony give for taking out otheros? END
START was firmware update 3.21 optional or mandatory if users wanted to continue accessing the ps network? END
START which ps3 model never included otheros? END
START what legal action did some disgruntled otheros users take against sony? END
START what functionality did the playstation 3 lose in version 3.12 of its firmware update? END
START what reason did sony give for taking out otteros? END
START was firmware update 3.12 optional or mandatory if users wanted to continue accessing the ps network? END
START which ps3 model always included otheros? END
START what legal action did some happy otheros users take against sony? END
START what part of the original model ps3s starting causing problems in march of 2010? END
START what essential network were some users unable to connect to because of the error? END
START what erroneous date did some users start seeing on their consoles? END
START what humorous nickname was given to the situation with the console system clock errors? END
START the name "apocalyps3" combines "ps3" with what other word? END
START what part of the original model ps3s starting causing problems in march of 2011? END
START what essential network were some users able to connect to because of the error? END
START what erroneous date did some users stop seeing on their consoles? END
START what humorous nickname was given to the situation with the console system disk errors? END
START the name "apocalyps3" combines "ps2" with what other word? END
START by what date did sony correct the issue with the system clock? END
START what were the broken models mistakenly classifying 2010 as? END
START what storage system for dates led to the system clock error? END
START what clock unrelated to the error in the ps3 had to be updated in some cases in order to fix the bug? END
START by what date did sony correct the issue with the system disk? END
START what were the broken models mistakenly classifying 2011 as? END
START what storage system for dates led to the system disk error? END
START what clock unrelated to the error in the ps2 had to be updated in some cases in order to fix the bug? END
START what clock unrelated to the error in the ps3 had to be updated in some cases in order to continue the bug? END
START what ps3 game can integrate a playstation portable to use as a rear-view mirror? END
START what kind of game is formula one championship edition? END
START if users want to download original playstation games, where do they go online? END
START games in plain playstation format can be played both on the ps3 console and what other device? END
START what's the name of the feature that would let you play a game on your psp without having it with you? END
START what ps2 game can integrate a playstation portable to use as a rear-view mirror? END
START what kind of game is formula two championship edition? END
START if users want to download original playstation games, where do they go offline? END
START games in plain playstation format can be played both on the ps4 console and what other device? END
START what's the name of the feature that would let you play a game on your psp while having it with you? END
START in what city did sony hold their 2006 playstation business briefing? END
START does playstation network use artificial or real currency for purchases? END
START along with being free and providing constant connectivity, what other feature does ps network offer users? END
START playstation network is only available for ps3 and what other device? END
START in what city did sony hold their 2005 playstation business briefing? END
START does playstation network use artificial or real currency for picture viewing? END
START along with being free and providing constant connectivity, what other feature does ps network not offer users? END
START playstation network is only available for ps2 and what other device? END
START playstation netbook is only available for ps3 and what other device? END
START what's the name of sony's exclusive playstation network subscription service? END
START how is playstation plus often abbreviated? END
START who was the president and ceo of scea in the year 2010? END
START on what date did the playstation plus service officially launch? END
START duration options for subscription to ps+ are either three months or what period of time? END
START what's the name of microsoft's exclusive playstation network subscription service? END
START how is playstation plus never abbreviated? END
START who was the president and ceo of scea in the year 2009? END
START on what date did the playstation plus service officially get cancelled? END
START duration options for subscription to ps+ are either four months or what period of time? END
START where can you buy downloadable content for the psp and ps3? END
START what do you click on in the ps3 interface to get to the playstation store? END
START what connection would you go through to go to the ps3 store from a psp? END
START how many unique downloads had there been from the playstation store by late 2009? END
START from a pc, what application can you use to visit the playstation store? END
START where can you buy uploadable content for the psp and ps3? END
START what do you click on in the ps2 interface to get to the playstation store? END
START what connection would you go through to go to the ps3 store from a ps2? END
START how many unique downloads had there been from the playstation store by late 2008? END
START from a pc, what application can't you use to visit the playstation store? END
START what new feature for ps3 was released in september of 2009? END
START at what event did sony announce what's new? END
START what did what's new replace? END
START what type of information is disseminated through what's new? END
START what's geographical area does what's new tailor information to for each user? END
START what new feature for ps3 was released in september of 2008? END
START at what event did sony cancel what's new? END
START what did what's new get replaced by? END
START what type of information is disseminated outside of what's new? END
START what's biographical area does what's new tailor information to for each user? END
START how many  different sections does what's new have? END
START what section of what's new would a user visit to find the games they've played lately? END
START before what's new existed, what default screen would show when a user put a movie in their ps3? END
START what section of what's new can't show links to websites? END
START other than the video default screen for movies, what menu would the ps3 default to before what's new? END
START how many different sections doesn't what's new have? END
START what section of what's new would a user visit to find the games they've never played? END
START before what's new existed, what default screen would show when a user put a movie in their ps2? END
START what section of what's new can show links to websites? END
START what does sony call their social network? END
START what is the customizable representation of a user in ps home called? END
START home has free, won, and what third type of content? END
START users employ the content to decorate club houses, their avatars, or what virtual dwelling space? END
START what type of games can users find participants for in home? END
START what doesn't sony call their social network? END
START what is the uncustomizable representation of a user in ps home called? END
START home has pay, won, and what third type of content? END
START users don't employ the content to decorate club houses, their avatars, or what virtual dwelling space? END
START what type of games can't users find participants for in home? END
START life was able to personalize information for users by what location division? END
START on what date was life with playstation shut down? END
START for weather updates from the weather channel, which of life's channels would you have visited? END
START what's was life's channel that delivered information about history topics? END
START what didn't life with playstation take the place of? END
START life wasn't able to personalize information for users by what location division? END
START on what date was life with playstation continued? END
START for weather updates from the weather channel, which of life's channels wouldn't you have visited? END
START what's was life's channel that delivered information about current topics? END
START what was the date sony shut down the ps network because of a security breach? END
START how many users did sony say might have been affected by the intrusion? END
START what did sony call the special offer they handed out to respond to the breach? END
START how many free days of playstation plus were included in the offer? END
START how many free game downloads were included in the "welcome back" program? END
START what was the date sony shut down the microsoft network because of a security breach? END
START how many users did sony say might have been unaffected by the intrusion? END
START what didn't sony call the special offer they handed out to respond to the breach? END
START how many paid days of playstation plus were included in the offer? END
START how many free game downloads were excluded in the "welcome back" program? END
START what was playstation 3's toughest competitor in the video game market? END
START what did wii offer that ps3 couldn't compete with? END
START in 2006, did most people prefer the xbox 360 or ps3 versions of cross-platform games? END
START until what year was sony seeing a loss on each playstation 3 console it sold? END
START which cost less in stores: ps3 or wii? END
START what was playstation 4's toughest competitor in the video game market? END
START what did wii offer that ps3 could compete with? END
START in 2006, did most people prefer the xbox or ps2 versions of cross-platform games? END
START until what year was sony seeing a profit on each playstation 3 console it sold? END
START which cost less in stores: ps2 or wii? END
START how much did it cost to make one 20 gb ps3? END
START in contrast to the production cost, what was the retail price for a 20 gb playstation 3? END
START assuming isuppli got the numbers right, how much of a loss did sony take for every 20 gb ps3 sold in the u.s.? END
START what was the name of sony's president who announced his retirement amid rumors in april 2007? END
START in u.s. dollars, how much was the enormous loss sony reported the month before kutaragi's retirement announcement? END
START how much did it cost to make one 40 gb ps3? END
START in contrast to the production cost, what was the retail price for a 20 gb playstation 2? END
START assuming isuppli got the numbers right, how much of a loss did sony take for every 20 gb ps3 sold in the u.k.? END
START what was the name of sony's president who announced his retirement amid rumors in april 2017? END
START in u.s. dollars, how much was the enormous profit sony reported the month before kutaragi's retirement announcement? END
START who was sony's ceo at the start of 2008? END
START when did hirai think the ps3 might start making the company some money? END
START what market analyst firm said sony could make the playstation 3 profitable by august 2008? END
START how many ps3 did hirai set a public goal to sell by the time the product was nine? END
START what other sony gaming console was hirai setting his sales goal to beat? END
START who was sony's ceo at the start of 2018? END
START when did hirai think the ps2 might start making the company some money? END
START what market analyst firm said sony could make the playstation 3 profitable by august 2018? END
START how many ps3 did hirai set a private goal to sell by the time the product was nine? END
START what other microsoft gaming console was hirai setting his sales goal to beat? END
START along with a drop in the cost of hardware, ps3 has gotten cheaper to make because what chip was phased out? END
START what's the name of the microprocessor produced by the 65 nm process? END
START what specific component of blu-ray disc have also gotten less expensive to make? END
START as of summer 2009, what was the cost to sony to make a ps3? END
START the august 2009 cost is a result of what percentage decrease in production cost? END
START along with a drop in the cost of hardware, ps2 has gotten cheaper to make because what chip was phased out? END
START what's the name of the microprocessor produced by the 56 nm process? END
START what specific component of dvd have also gotten less expensive to make? END
START as of summer 2008, what was the cost to sony to make a ps3? END
START the august 2009 cost is a result of what percentage increase in production cost? END
START what rating did ars technica initially give playstation 3? END
START what ps3 competitor won ign's "console showdown" in 2010? END
START what pc mag. staffer picked ps3 over xbox in june, 2012?  END
START which publication called the playstation 3 "a brilliant games console"? END
START where did ign place the ps3 on their 2009 list of the best video game consoles ever? END
START what rating did ars technica initially give playstation 4? END
START what ps3 competitor won ign's "console showdown" in 2011? END
START what pc mag. staffer picked ps3 over xbox in june, 2010?  END
START which publication called the playstation 2 "a brilliant games console"? END
START where did ign place the ps3 on their 2011 list of the best video game consoles ever? END
START what list by pc world ranked playstation eighth, in a bad way? END
START what gaming website called ps3 "a hate object reviled by the entire internet"? END
START what quote sums up pc world's 2006 assessment of ps3? END
START how long did gamesradar say it took sony to turn the internet against the playstation 3? END
START what list by pc world ranked playstation ninth, in a bad way? END
START what gaming website called ps2 "a hate object reviled by the entire internet"? END
START what quote sums up pc world's 2005 assessment of ps3? END
START how long did gamesradar say it took sony to turn the internet in favor of the playstation 3? END
START how long did gamesradar say it took sony to turn the internet against the playstation 4? END
START in what year did gabe newell call the ps3 "a total disaster"? END
START who is valve's vp of marketing who says they want to hire programmers for a ps3 team? END
START what year did newell show up at sony's ec3 press conference to take back what he said about ps3? END
START what game did valve develop for the playstation 3 console? END
START what's the name of valve's software update system? END
START in what year did gabe newell call the ps2 "a total disaster"? END
START who is valve's vp of marketing who says they want to hire programmers for a ps4 team? END
START what year did newell show up at sony's ec4 press conference to take back what he said about ps3? END
START what game did valve develop for the playstation 2 console? END
START what's the name of valve's hardware update system? END
START what group does bobby kotick think is being discouraged from working on the ps3? END
START what does "roic" stand for? END
START what company is kotick the ceo of? END
START what newspaper reported kotick's concerns and his threat to stop supporting the playstation platform? END
START what game development company completely disagreed with kotick's statements in the times interview? END
START what group does bobby kotick think is being encouraged from working on the ps3? END
START what does "rioc" stand for? END
START what company is kotick the cfo of? END
START what newspaper reported kotick's concerns and his threat to keep supporting the playstation platform? END
START what game development company completely agreed with kotick's statements in the times interview? END
START what score did cnet give the ps3 out of ten? END
START what playstation 3 feature did home theater magazine most like about ps3? END
START have reviews praised the ps3's hardware of software more frequently? END
START what other reviewer agreed with home theater magazine's assessment of the ps3's blu-ray player? END
START what website said the playstation 3 "lives up to the hype"?  END
START what score did cnet give the ps2 out of ten? END
START what playstation 3 feature did home theater magazine most like about ps4? END
START have reviews praised the ps2's hardware of software more frequently? END
START what other reviewer disagreed with home theater magazine's assessment of the ps3's blu-ray player? END
START what website said the playstation 4 "lives up to the hype"?  END
START with a day of its release, on what website did the ps3 slim become the number-one bestseller? END
START for how many consecutive days did the ps3 slim hold the number-one spot on amazon.com? END
START what score did the ps3 slim earn from pc world? END
START pc world's rave review of the ps3 slim was a complete turnaround from their thoughts on what older model console? END
START along with the ps slim's value, quietness, and lower power usage, what superficial quality did pc world praise? END
START with a week of its release, on what website did the ps3 slim become the number-one bestseller? END
START for how many consecutive days did the ps4 slim hold the number-one spot on amazon.com? END
START what score did the ps4 slim earn from pc world? END
START pc world's rave review of the ps3 slim was a complete turnaround from their thoughts on what newer model console? END
START along with the ps slim's value, quietness, and high power usage, what superficial quality did pc world praise? END
START what aspect of the ps3 slim was cnet unhappy was missing for ps2 games? END
START how many of five possible stars did cnet give the ps3 slim? END
START how many of its own five stars did techradar award the ps3 slim? END
START what area of the console did techradar feel was designed poorly compared to the original ps3? END
START what aspect of the ps4 slim was cnet unhappy was missing for ps2 games? END
START how many of six possible stars did cnet give the ps3 slim? END
START how many of its own four stars did techradar award the ps3 slim? END
START how many of its own five stars did techradar award the ps2 slim? END
START what area of the console did techradar feel was designed well compared to the original ps3? END
START what quality of the ps3 super slim was the website spong excited about? END
START in addition to quieter fans and drive, what change from the other models did spong praise? END
START what piece of the ps3 super slim's hardware did spong say was too "fiddly"? END
START what did spong said you have to do to the disc loader before the console will start reading the disc? END
START what quality of the ps2 super slim was the website spong excited about? END
START in addition to louder fans and drive, what change from the other models did spong praise? END
START what piece of the ps2 super slim's hardware did spong say was too "fiddly"? END
START what did spong said you have to not do to the disc loader before the console will start reading the disc? END
START what did spong said you have to do to the disc loader before the console will stop reading the disc? END
START what website rated the super slim four out of five stars? END
START what adjective did cnet use to describe the ps3 super slim's design? END
START what component of the super slim did cnet call "the easiest yet"? END
START what hardware component did cnet have the biggest problem with, even comparing it to an old credit card reader? END
START was the lowest-priced super slim more or less expensive than any of the ps3 slim models? END
START what website rated the super slim three out of five stars? END
START what adjective did cnet use to describe the ps2 super slim's design? END
START what component of the super slim did cnet call "the hardest yet"? END
START what hardware component did ncet have the biggest problem with, even comparing it to an old credit card reader? END
START was the highest-priced super slim more or less expensive than any of the ps3 slim models? END
START what magazine described the super slim as "nostalgic"? END
START what playstation 3 model did t3 feel the super slim's design was paying homage to? END
START according to t3, what was the main differentiator between the "fat" ps3 and the super slim? END
START what hardware element did t3 feel might have issues with durability?  END
START t3 felt sony was saying goodbye to past models in preparation for what next-generation console? END
START what magazine described the super thick as "nostalgic"? END
START what playstation 2 model did t3 feel the super slim's design was paying homage to? END
START according to t3, what was the main differentiator between the "fat" ps2 and the super slim? END
START what hardware element did t2 feel might have issues with durability?  END
START t4 felt sony was saying goodbye to past models in preparation for what next-generation console? END
START when royal assent takes place in the uk, where does the sovereign make an appearance? END
START alternatively, when uk lord commissioners take the sovereign's place in the ceremony, where does the ceremony take place? END
START canadian governor generals can give their assent in person or by which other method? END
START with what is royal assent sometimes associated with? END
START where is a royal assent ceremony held within the united kingdom? END
START with what method is royal assent generally granted? END
START how is royal assent granted within australia? END
START what is not associated with elaborate ceremonies? END
START in the us, a sovereign may appear what? END
START royal assent is usually granted less ceremonially where? END
START in america, the governor-general merely does what to a bill? END
START the sovereign appears personally in the house of commons in what country? END
START royal assent is a process of approving a nation's legislative acts by whom? END
START which three modern monarchies allow their ruler to withhold royal assent? END
START since which century have modern political processes forgone royal assent? END
START what nations allow the withold of the royal assent? END
START under what circumstances does a monarch typically use the royal assent? END
START is usage of the royal assent frequent or rare in today's societies? END
START rigid assent is the process of what? END
START what act is not considered to be little more than a formality? END
START which power is extremely common in modern democratic atmosphere? END
START who disapproves of an act of that nation's parliament? END
START modern-day sovereigns often acts on the advice of whom? END
START in the event that the monarch refuses to give royal assent, what can the monarch make use of? END
START whose advice does a sovereign follow? END
START who often maintains parliamentary support and obtains the passage of bills? END
START is it probable, improbable, or impossible that a sovereign would withhold assent? END
START ancient sovereigns acted on the advice of whom? END
START who stops the passage of bills? END
START royal assent is never granted in what practice? END
START whose active powers are required when a royal assent is refused? END
START what is another name for "curia regis"? END
START who was it that peculiarly called a full parliament without royal authorization in 1265? END
START as a result, the bishops, abbots, earls, and barons formed which body of parliament? END
START which body did the shire and borough representatives form? END
START from what did parliament evolve? END
START what positions were contained within the house of lords? END
START which branch of parliament contains shire and borough representatives? END
START a bill could not become a law without whose assent? END
START who is considered the enactor of laws? END
START the modern parliament included whom? END
START in 1665, the earl of leicester called a full parliament without what? END
START the queen would seek the advice of whom before making laws? END
START the two houses in england are the house of luck and? END
START during henry viii's reign, it became common for the two houses to do what? END
START which monarch was responsible for dissolving parliament in 1629? END
START what is one action this monarch took that is typically left to the discretion of parliament? END
START after which event was it decided that parliament should meet on a regular basis? END
START like charles ii had previously done, the last stuart monarch withheld assent. who was this monarch? END
START which ruler removed parliament in 1629? END
START what did motions attempt to accomplish that prompted charles i to dissolve parliament in 1629? END
START when was the last time royal assent was enacted? END
START who was the last monarch to use the royal assent in 1708? END
START under whose advice did anne withold the royal assent? END
START the power of parliament to pass bills was often supported by whom? END
START charles i performed legally legitimate what? END
START who raised taxes with parliament's approval? END
START who began parliament in 1629? END
START the first stuart monarch, anne, did not withhold on what date? END
START during whose rule was power transferred more to parliament? END
START who was the first ruler during this dynasty? END
START in attempting to take back control, george iii and george iv opposed which church movement? END
START which monarch relied on his ministers more than any of his predecessors? END
START what did george iii and george iv both oppose? END
START what rule did george iii and george iv believe a catholic emancipation bill would violate? END
START which monarch granted assent reluctantly under the advise of his ministers? END
START george i was the first hungarian what? END
START who openly supported catholic emancipation? END
START george iv happily granted his assent on whose advice? END
START the power to withhold royal assent has become common where? END
START in scotland, who is responsible for submitting a bill for royal assent? END
START which three publications are used to signify royal assent? END
START under which scotland act sections is the royal assent governed? END
START how many weeks pass before the monarch receives a bill from the presiding officer? END
START which entities have the capability to refer a bill to the supreme court? END
START for what would a bill be submitted to the supreme court of scotland? END
START royal assent is the first stage in what? END
START what process is governed by sections 18, 32, and 33 of the scotland act 1998? END
START before a bill is passed, the presiding officer of the sottish parliament does what? END
START royal dissent is signified by what? END
START what was the name of the method by which wales passed legislation in the 2000's? END
START after a four-week period, who could refer a proposed measure to the supreme court? END
START what were "measures" in wales? END
START during which years were measures used in order to pass legislation in wales? END
START in wales, who had the capability of submitting a bill to the supreme court? END
START section 202 of the government of wales act 2006 required what? END
START what was the name by which the national assembly of america passed legislation? END
START after a three-week period, who could submit a proposed measure to the supreme court? END
START what were "measures" in washington? END
START the sovereign grants assent by which order? END
START who advises the sovereign in this decision? END
START which recent petition for reforms to the constitution led to assent being refused? END
START who advises a bill to be granted or refused? END
START when was an order in counil passed that laid out new rules for consideration of petitions against the royal assent? END
START in what year did the lord chancellor refuse to present a law  concerning constituational reform for assent? END
START what was the subject of the bill that the lord chancellor refused to present for royal assent in 2007? END
START the monarch indirectly grants royal assent how? END
START an order in council of 13 july 2001 established what? END
START in 2001, campaigners petitioned whom? END
START the queen was advised to grant royal assent by campaigners in what year? END
START under ancient custom, an act of tynwald didn't go into effect until decreed at which location? END
START promulgation of an act of tynwald originally consisted of reading it in english and which other language? END
START nowadays, only the short title and what else are read? END
START how much of the proposed act must be currently read aloud on st john's day? END
START on what day does st john's day occur? END
START where is the open-air sitting of tynwald usually held? END
START royal assent gives legal effect to an act of what? END
START what was reduced in 1995? END
START since what year has only the short title been read? END
START the adoption of the greek calendar was made in what year? END
START since 1993, which body has had power to enact measures? END
START this body makes provisions in respect to matters concerning whom? END
START up until 1994, royal assent was given by whom? END
START which position now has the power to grant royal assent? END
START before what year was royal assent approved by order in council? END
START who currently holds the power to grant royal assent to measures? END
START during which years did the synod have power to enact measures? END
START since 1983, who has had power to enact measures? END
START before 1994, royal dissent was granted by whom? END
START currently, royal dissent has been delegated to whom? END
START what requires promulgation? END
START in the canadian federal government, who is typically responsible for deciding wether to give assent? END
START which positions from the canadian supreme court may also give assent if need be? END
START who has the capability of granting assent if the governer general of canada cannot? END
START how many methods are available to grant assent in canada? END
START if each house of parliament is notified seperately, what regulation applies? END
START how can the house of commons be notified of assent if it is not in session? END
START in contrast to the house of commons, how must the senate be notified of assent? END
START it is necessary for the governor general to sign what? END
START parliament is never apprised of what? END
START both what must be notified on separate days? END
START the journals of the house of lords may publish a special what? END
START which year was royal assent last withheld in the uk? END
START the united states declaration of independence mentions which british monarch? END
START what did the american colonies accuse the monarch of? END
START in what year was royal assent last witheld in the uk? END
START who continued to advise governors-general of granting of assent, even after their colonies had responsible government? END
START to whom did the british government occasionally still advice on the royal assent, although they had their own responsible governments? END
START royal assent has been withheld in the uk since what year? END
START us colonists complained the george ii had refused what? END
START which countries were not granted a responsible government? END
START assent is never reserved to allow the british government to examine what? END
START the bill from the australian house of representatives was mistakenly sent and assented to by whom in 1976? END
START why did this occur? END
START what did the governor-general do with the first assent? END
START this same procedure was more recently done to fix a similar error in which year? END
START what was the reason a bill was accidentally assented in 1976? END
START after an accidental assention of a bill with same name in 1976, when did a similar mistaken assention occur in australia? END
START what protocol was not followed in 1976 when a bill was mistakenly assented? END
START how was the case of two bills mistakenly assented corrected both in 1796 and 2001? END
START in america, a technical issue arose with what in 1976 and 2001? END
START a bill from the house of lords was mistakenly submitted in what year? END
START three bills with the same title were submitted in what year? END
START who revoked the second assent? END
START what term refers to the legislature of the isle of man? END
START in what year was lordship of the isle of man purchased? END
START what does the term the revestment refer to? END
START how is royal assent currently granted in the isle of man? END
START previous to the order in council method, how was royal assent passed previously within the isle of man? END
START what is the legislature of the isle of women? END
START the lordship of the isle of man was purchased by america in what year? END
START after 1665, royal assent was signified how? END
START who signified the letter of royal assent in america after 1765? END
START in commonwealth realms, who is the representative of the sovereign? END
START who grants royal assent in canada? END
START in canada, who is authorized to defer assent and to whom? END
START who grants the royal assent in commonwealth nations other than the uk? END
START the representative of the sovereign in america is whom? END
START the representative of the sovereign in chile is whom? END
START the realm's sovereign grants or withholds regal what? END
START a vice lieutenant governor may defer what? END
START what two documents declared all commonwealth realms as sovereign kingdoms? END
START who exercised the power to withold royal assent in alberta in 1937? END
START what the did accurate news and information bill hope to accomplish? END
START who decided the unconstitutionality of three bills brought forth by the social credit party? END
START no commonwealth realms are sovereign what? END
START the barker declaration came into being in what year? END
START the declaration of westminster came into being in what year? END
START how many bills sought to put the provinces under the authority of the banks? END
START which houses in the uk must approve a bill before it is assented? END
START which parliamentary acts allow a bill to be presented for assent even after the house of lords has refused it? END
START who can be authorized to grant assent by letters patent? END
START what is presented for royal assent in the us? END
START under the parliament acts of 1917 and 1949, the house of commons may do what? END
START unofficially, assent is granted how? END
START each house must be notified jointly before what? END
START in what language does the clerk of the parliaments announce parliament's decision? END
START what words in anglo-norman law french announce a granted assent? END
START what is the shortened version of the notification of assent? END
START what phrase is used to announce a withheld assent? END
START who is an official of the house of commons? END
START a formula in anglo-norman law greek indicates what? END
START the inappropriate formula for withholding assent is what? END
START the translation for "the queen will not consider it" is what? END
START when assention was formally granted in person, who read the titles of the bills? END
START what job did the clerk of the parliaments have during assention notifications? END
START before whose reign was assent always granted in person? END
START nowadays, when is the only time a formal assention ceremony occurs? END
START on which side of the soverign does the clerk of the crown stand? END
START before the reign of henry i, the sovereign granted assent how? END
START who would wear the imperial state tiara? END
START who would sit on the throne in the queens chamber? END
START who would stand in front of the sovereign and read the titles of the bills? END
START why did henry viii wish to execute his fifth wife? END
START what was henry viii trying to avoid by creating a new procedure for granting assent? END
START how many times in the 16th century was assent granted by commissioners? END
START who was the last monarch to grant assent personally? END
START king henry viii sought to execute his sixth wife in what year? END
START catherine howard was the sixth wife of whom? END
START a clause was taken out of the act of what? END
START queen victoria was the last what to grant assent in 1954? END
START how many lords are usually present during assent by commissioner? END
START what do the lords commissioners wear to a ceremony of assent? END
START which commissioner reads the formal closing statement to the assention ceremony? END
START which position reads the commisssion aloud during tthe ceremony? END
START who reads the commission silently? END
START the junior commissioner makes a statement after whom? END
START the king's representatives are know as whom? END
START how many commoners are involved in granting assent by commission? END
START who wears blue parliamentary robes? END
START during which decade was assention by commission discontinued? END
START when does assention by commission occur today? END
START in whatear did several members refuse to attend the assention ceremony after a heated debate? END
START what was passed in reference to the discord in 1960 and 1965 during assention cremonies? END
START the ceremony of assenting by commission was continued in what decade? END
START the german usher of the black rod summoned whom in 1960? END
START the royal assent act 1968 was passed why? END
START the granting of what by the monarch in person is no longer possible? END
START what is unique about the method used for assention allowed by the royal assent act 1967? END
START how is assent granted under the royal assent act 1967? END
START which document formats the letters patent? END
START in which year were minor amendments made to the crown office order? END
START in the royal assent act 1968, royal assent can be granted how? END
START the presiding officer makes an informal statement to whom? END
START which method requires both houses to meet jointly? END
START which act allows the sovereign to grant assent verbally? END
START when assent is granted in person, when is it formally considered final? END
START an assent is considered granted when applying the royal assent act 1967 when both presiding officers have done what? END
START when is assent effective if the presiding officers inform their houses at different times? END
START royal assent is considered not given at what moment? END
START when the royal assent act 1967 is not followed, assent is considered granted when? END
START assent is regarded as ineffective when? END
START under american law, an act takes effect when? END
START whose responsibility is it to assure that assent has been granted? END
START what is omitted when an act is published? END
START who writes the formal norman french formula on passed acts? END
START it is the responsibility of the clerk of the lords to endorse what? END
START the german french formula is used to endorse what? END
START the clerk signs two copies of what? END
START the date is inserted in french on what? END
START in what year did the new zealand governor-general last personally grant the royal assent in parliament? END
START which country has not used the formal assention ceremony since the early 20th century? END
START who are the leaders of each house given the responsibility of informing their group of the governor-generals actions? END
START what has not been used regularly since the early 20th century in america? END
START in new zealland, the governor-general has personally granted the royal assent since what year? END
START what type of ceremony is commonly used to grant assent in australia? END
START the governor-general of australia sends messages to the vice president of the senate and whom to grant assent? END
START when did canada finally cease to use the traditional ceremony for granting assent as regular practice? END
START why was king george vi's personal assent in 1939 noteworthy? END
START with what bill in canada did granting assent by writing become effective? END
START in chile, the ceremony for granting assent was used until what century? END
START what king assented to nineteen bills of the canadian parliament during the 1939 royal tour? END
START who was king george vi's grandmother? END
START a grant of royal assent is rendered invalid by what? END
START from where is the sovereign typically forbidden? END
START whose job is it to release parliament after the ceremony? END
START who reads the formal statement after the list of bills has been finished? END
START which position nods their head to signify assention? END
START what ceremony takes place in the house? END
START on the day of the event, the president of the senate reads to whom? END
START on the day of the event, the president of the senate reads what? END
START who follows black rod back to the senate? END
START what is royal assent called in belgium? END
START who declared the monarch incapable of acting upon an abortion decriminalization bill in 1990? END
START which king refused to sign an abortion decriminalization bill in 1990? END
START who declared the king capable of excersizing power again after a brief lapse in 1990? END
START in bulgaria, what has the same effect as royal assent? END
START king bedoin refused to sign a bill in what year? END
START both houses declared king baudouin incapable of exercising his powers in what type of meeting? END
START king baudouin signed a bill criminalizing abortion in what year? END
START how much time does a jordinian leader have to sign or veto legislation? END
START what majority is required to override a veto from the soverign? END
START what happens if the soverign doesn't sign the bill within the six-month time frame? END
START the constitution of jordan does not grant the monarch the right to do what? END
START article 83 gives the jordanian sovereign how much time to signor veto legislation? END
START what kind of vote from either house is required to override the jordanian sovereign? END
START if the monarch fails to act within four months what happens? END
START what text is written and sent to the senate if the house approves of a law? END
START what text is written and sent back to the government if a bill is rejected? END
START if the senate approves the law after receiving it from the house, what is written and sent to the government? END
START what is one thing that could happen after the house of lords debates the law? END
START if the lower house approves the law, what happens? END
START what text is sent to the house of representatives if a law is approved? END
START what text is sent to the house of representatives if a law is not approved? END
START where are laws published after receiving assent? END
START where is the original law text stored? END
START what happens in the rare case the government doesn't approve of a law that has passed both houses? END
START the sovereign and two what signs the proposal? END
START the enabling clause is added to what? END
START in what case will the monarch but not the minister sign the bill? END
START a law that has not received royal assent will be published where? END
START which articles in the norwegian constitution allow the monarch to reject a bill that has been passed through the sorting? END
START which article in the norweigan constitution provides a way to override a monarch's veto? END
START how many elections are required to assend a bill that the monarch has vetoed? END
START articles 67-69 of the norwegian constitution grant what? END
START which article provides a means by which a sovereigns' veto may not be over-ridden? END
START which articles of the norwegian constitution do not grant the monarch the right to withhold royal assent? END
START the monarch of new england can withhold royal assent according to which articles? END
START which article in the spanish constitution gives the monarch the right to ask for a referendum? END
START which article specifies the number of days available to the monarch to provide a signature on an assended bill? END
START in the 1978 spanish constitution, which title describes how bills are passed? END
START what chapter in the spanish constitution describes how bills are to be passed? END
START which title outlines the method by which bills are not passed? END
START which title does not invest the royal assent and publication of laws with the monarch of spain? END
START title ii, which describes how bills are passed was created in what year? END
START the sovereign has 25 days to give his or her assent according to what article? END
START the monarch does not have a right to call for a referendum according to which article? END
START what was king juan carlos' response to the media when asked if he would sign a bill supporting same-sex marriage? END
START what other controversial bill did the king give his assent to in 2010? END
START when did same-sex marriages become legal in spain? END
START if the spanish monarch is deemed incapable of granting assent, who is the power transferred to? END
START could a spanish ruler follow the same action of events as king baudouin did in belgium? END
START if the spanish sovereign was found capable of discharging royal authority, what happens? END
START if juan carlos had been declared capable, who would have been given power? END
START who is the current heir apparent to juan carlos? END
START who gets power if the sovereign were declared capable? END
START which articles allow the soverign to refise consent even when the bills have been passed through the legislative assembly? END
START what statement by king george tupou emphasized democracy? END
START in which year was the arms and ammunitions (amemndment) bill adopted? END
START in what month did the king veto the arms and ammunitions amendment bill? END
START what articles empower the sovereign to grant royal assent? END
START the kingdom moved away from democracy in what year? END
START an art and ammunitions bill was adopted in what year? END
START what bill was adopted by eight votes to ten? END
START how many member of the assembly were charge with legal possession of firearms? END
START what is an arithmetical structure comprising of a set of elements including an operation that joins any two elements to form a third element? END
START what is the name used to describe the four conditions of closure, associativity, identity and invertibility? END
START what permits elements with different mathematical starting points to be taken care of in a flexible manner while holding their key basic aspects? END
START what is a set of elements constructed from? END
START what are the two elements called? END
START what is the abstract formalization attached to? END
START what do entities lose when handled in abstract algebra? END
START what is an example of a rare group? END
START what shares an essential relationship to groups? END
START what are the symmetry groups utilized as a part of the standard model particle physics? END
START what groups are are utilized toward comprehending symmetry wonders in chemistry?  END
START what groups can express the physical symmetry hidden behind special relativity? END
START what encodes a symmetry group? END
START what are groups dissimilar to? END
START point groups are used in what form of physics? END
START poincare groups are used to understand molecular what? END
START what do lie groups express in terms of special relativity? END
START where did the idea of a group come from? END
START when was the group notion summed up and solidly settled? END
START what are smaller and easier to understand groups broken down into? END
START when was announcement for the classification of finite simple groups? END
START who generalized group notion in 1870? END
START what year did mathematicians begin studying groups in their own right? END
START what are the two subgroups? END
START when did theorists begin exploring the theoretical and computational point of view? END
START when did the geometric group theory become less active? END
START what is known as underlying set of the group? END
START what is often utilized as a short name for the group? END
START what expressions are utilized when is really implied to be a longer expression? END
START what cannot be used as the short name for the group? END
START what is the overlaying set of the group? END
START what can be unclear for the g symbol? END
START a subset of the underlying set g of the group (g) cannot be written using what kind of expression? END
START what sends a point in the square to the relating point under the symmetry?  END
START  what gives another symmetry function? END
START what group includes the symmetries of degree 4 and denoted d4? END
START what are represented by symmetries? END
START r1 is part of what group? END
START both symmetries are applied to what? END
START what is written from left to right? END
START how many degrees is fh rotated? END
START what modern concept was created from many fields of mathematics? END
START the journey for answers to polynomial equations of degree higher than 4 was the original motivation for what theory? END
START  which french mathematician expanded on earlier work of paolo ruffini and joseph-louis lagrange? END
START  who developed a theory giving the first abstract definition of a finite group? END
START people were looking for polynomial equations under what number? END
START whose work did paolo ruffini and joseph-louis lagrange base their work on? END
START what was augustin louis cauchy's nationality? END
START when did arthur cayley publish on the theory of groups? END
START what equation did galois create that created an abstract definition? END
START when did the uniform theory of groups develop from different sources?  END
START who presented a method for specifying a group by means of generators and relations? END
START what theory did hermann weyl study in addition to locally compact groups? END
START who initially molded the theory of algebraic groups? END
START what did walter von dyck publish in 1870? END
START who wrote the theory of lie groups? END
START what did jacques tits shape first? END
START what was issai schur's theory on? END
START who worked on representation theory of lie groups? END
START where did the group of theorists first meet? END
START what university class year belonged to the group of theorists? END
START what did the group of theorists classify in 1982? END
START what two factors describe the large size of the project? END
START what was classified in 1960? END
START who founded the university of chicago's group theory year? END
START what no longer has much impact on other fields? END
START what was shorter about this project as compared to other endeavors? END
START when did the university of chicago begin? END
START what ideas are used to understand groups beyond symbols? END
START what has to be compatible with the group operation? END
START what concept describes groups that can be related to each other via functions? END
START what is needed to understand structural concepts? END
START both groups and sets have what? END
START what function is used to break groups into pieces? END
START groups do not need to respect structures in what sense? END
START what is an example of a subgroup? END
START what are two groups called if they include homomorphisms? END
START what similar element do isomorphic groups carry? END
START how can showing the second equality yields the first prove the concept of isomorphic groups? END
START what are two groups called if no group homomorphisms are found? END
START isomorphic groups carry different what? END
START what gives the identity of a? END
START from what point of view do isomorphic groups have different information? END
START how does the second equality disprove the concept of isomorphic groups? END
START what is composed of two rotations? END
START what rotation can a rotation be reversed by? END
START what essential condition must be met for a subset of a group to be a subgroup? END
START what is defined when moving in the opposite direction? END
START 270 for 180 is an example of what kind of rotation? END
START subgroup r is made up of the inverse and what? END
START what is unimportant for understanding the group as a whole? END
START knowing the group as a whole is important for understanding what? END
START when is it preferable to consider two group elements to be the same? END
START what should not be considered when asking if a reflection has been performed? END
START what number sets are used to show how subgroups can be seen as translations of the larger group? END
START when are two group elements considered different? END
START in d4 the square can return to the r2 configuration by applying only what? END
START what question are cosets irrelevant to? END
START what does group element g define? END
START when are rotation operations considered? END
START what is another term for coset multiplication? END
START what group operation is taken by the set from the original group? END
START what group does the inverse of gn include? END
START what is the original group sometimes called? END
START what are group homomorphisms called? END
START what does the coset gn serve as? END
START what group operation is taken by the original group from the set? END
START the inverse of gn excludes what group? END
START what groups can be combined to describe every group? END
START what group can be the quotient of the free group over the generators of the group? END
START what is a finite composition of two symmetries or their inverses? END
START what do quotient groups describe by themselves? END
START what presentation describes every group? END
START how many elements does the dihedral group generate? END
START what of a square is an infinite composition? END
START which two elements does d4 generate? END
START what map shows the relation between sub and quotient groups? END
START what are the opposites of injective maps? END
START what is an example of a surjective map? END
START what theory address the phenomenon of homomorphisms being neither injective nor surjective? END
START subset g of h is seen as what map? END
START what is the minimum number of elements in a target? END
START what kind of map is similar to an injective map? END
START what theory discusses the surjective nature of canonical maps? END
START what two forms must homomorphisms take? END
START what are usually analyzed by associating groups to them and studying the elements of the corresponding groups? END
START who founded algebraic topology? END
START what did henri poincar introduce when he established algebraic topology? END
START what topological properties translate into properties of groups? END
START what represents elements of the fundamental group? END
START who first applied groups to other mathematical areas? END
START which topological properties do not carry over into groups? END
START why is the blue loop considered relevant? END
START what causes the orange loop to shrink to a point? END
START what results in a finite cycle? END
START what positive integer is used to divide the sum of two positive integers in modular mathematics? END
START what results from modular addition? END
START what type of device can be use to demonstrate modular addition? END
START how many integers are divided in modular arithmetic? END
START what are the two integers called? END
START what is the result of the remained of the division? END
START what is 9 in modular addition? END
START if the hour hand is on 1 and is advanced by 4 hours, where does it end up? END
START what term describes the group of integers related to a prime number? END
START what integers are included in modulo p? END
START how many group elements exist if p=5? END
START what describes a group of integers related to a modulo? END
START what is the result of modular multiplication divided by? END
START how many integers does p = 5 have? END
START what is p divided by? END
START what is 16 multiplied by 5 if p=5? END
START what is a group labeled when the element 1 is primitive? END
START what group is isomorphic to cyclic groups? END
START what example of cyclic group satisfies the express of zn = 1? END
START a cyclic group without n elements is considered what? END
START what element is not primitive in groups z/nz? END
START what are groups called when element 1 is not primitive? END
START what rotation results in multiplying but n? END
START what are numbers on an irregular n-gon? END
START what are groups consisting of symmetries of given arithmetic concepts? END
START what term describes the introductory symmetry group of the square? END
START what can regarded as the study of symmetry? END
START what is the name of the rule that must be met for a group operation to occur? END
START the group pattern is connected to the structure of the target by what behavior? END
START what do symmetry groups make? END
START which equation is are used for the square? END
START what is the study of geometrical or analytical objects called? END
START what makes the study of symmetries easier? END
START what does group action do to the tiling? END
START what aids in predicting changes of physical traits? END
START what stage of a physical transformation can group theory be used to make prediction? END
START what temperature causes the change of ferroelectric materials? END
START what term describes the vibrational lattice mode that turns to 0 frequency at the change? END
START what predicts the changes in group theory? END
START which stage can physical properties be used to make predictions about group theory? END
START what temperature causes a change from ferroelectric to paraelectric? END
START what is the frequency of a paraelectric state before transition? END
START what is the name of the mode that moves material from a low-symmetry state to a high one? END
START what are examples of finite symmetry groups used in coding theory? END
START what is used for error correction of transferred data? END
START what describes functions having antiderivatives of a prescribed form? END
START what concept investigates geometric elements that stay stable under group action? END
START what theory is error correction applied to? END
START which form of finite symmetry groups are useless in coding theory? END
START mathieu groups have what kind of prescribed form? END
START what stable properties does the galois theory study? END
START geometric invariant theory studies what kind of equations? END
START what groups combine matrices with matrix multiplication? END
START what includes all invertible n-by-n matrices with real entries? END
START what term describes subgroups of the general linear group? END
START what matrix group portrays all possible rotations in n dimensions? END
START rotation matrix groups are utilized in computer graphics with what concept? END
START what are matrices and matrix groups combined called? END
START the general linear group describes all possible what? END
START what is an example of a large matrix group? END
START what are subgroups of the special orthogonal group called? END
START what type of angles are made of all invertible n-by-b matrices? END
START what degree does not include simple formulas for cubic and quatric equations? END
START what concept is associated with the solvability of polynomials? END
START what are used to express the solutions of polynomials? END
START what degree must it be lower than to have simple formulas? END
START what give criterion for abstract properties? END
START which group cannot be expressed using radicals? END
START what is an example of a complex operation? END
START what do cubic and quartic equations not have? END
START what does a finite group include? END
START what is the number of elements in a group named? END
START what type of class has a finite group that can be expressed as a subgroup of a symmetric group? END
START what can be described as the group of symmetries of an equilateral triangle? END
START what is called the order of the group? END
START what does a finite number of elements include? END
START what can a subgroup of a symmetric group sn can be expressed as? END
START what are the group of symmetries of a s3? END
START what level of finality do mathematicians try to reach with math concepts?  END
START what area of classification leads to troublesome arithmetic? END
START what defines finite groups of order p, a prime number, as being necessarily cyclic (abelian) groups zp? END
START what can be used to classify small groups even though there is no classification of all finite groups? END
START what describes finite simple groups as the building pieces for all finite groups? END
START both p2 and p3 are what? END
START what is used to classify all finite groups? END
START when was the jordan-holder theorem published? END
START what did richard borcherd make a complete classification of? END
START what theorem details the link between the largest finite group and modular functions? END
START what group operations must occur for group law and topology to integrate well? END
START what is the most simple example of topological groups? END
START what variables do locally compact groups share that can be studied by harmonic analysis? END
START what allows group law and group operations to interweave? END
START what is group law endowed with? END
START what are harmonic analyses studied using? END
START what are topological spaces categorized by? END
START how are groups that are not locally compact studied? END
START what concepts are fundamental to number theory? END
START what group uses infinite field extensions with topology? END
START what is used to generalize the connection of fields and groups to infinite field extensions? END
START what group is an advanced observation of infinite field extensions and groups that is adapted for the needs of algebraic geometry? END
START what is basic to adele rings? END
START which galois group does not use topology? END
START what form of topology do matrix groups use? END
START the galois group is adapted to the needs of what form of geometry? END
START what is algebraic geometry adapted to the needs of? END
START what concept is of basic importance in modern physics? END
START what connects continuous symmetries to conserved quantities? END
START what term describes the basic symmetries of the laws of mechanics? END
START what concept relates measurements of time and velocity of two observers in motion relative to each other? END
START what describe the complete symmetry group of minkowski space including translations? END
START what is important to lie groups? END
START what connects lie groups with conserved quantities? END
START what are basic laws of mechanics? END
START what measures the time and velocity of two observers? END
START what are the translations in a group of minkowski space called? END
START what product is created if the requirement that every element has an inverse is eliminated? END
START what type of numbers under addition form a monoid? END
START what method formally adds inverses to elements to any monoid? END
START what can be replaced to simplify abstract algebra concepts? END
START axioms are defined by relaxing what? END
START what is the inverse of every element called? END
START what is derived from (q \ [0],-)? END
START what needs to be defined in groupoids for a and b? END
START what does generalizing an n-ary group give rise to? END
START where is the central african republic located? END
START what country borders car in the north? END
START what country borders car in the south? END
START what country borders car in the west? END
START what is the population of car approximately? END
START in what part of africa is chad landlocked? END
START what is the land area of chad? END
START what is the population of sudan? END
START what country is bordered by cameroon to the north? END
START what is the population of cameroon as of 2014? END
START who established car's borders? END
START what country ruled car as a colony? END
START when did car become independent? END
START who was the first democratically elected president? END
START what religion is a minority in car? END
START when was general francois bozize removed in a coup? END
START in what year did the ange-felix patasse war begin? END
START what did the muslim minority establish in the central africal republic? END
START at what time did various factions begin to rule the acr as a colony? END
START in what year did the acr gain independence from general francois bozize? END
START how long ago did people start living in the area? END
START what agricultural job did people settling in the area perform? END
START what vegetation helped populations expand? END
START what was an imported food that provided most of the carbohydrates? END
START what important protein helped with expansion of the inhabitants? END
START how long ago did farming force hunter-gatherer societies south? END
START what did dedertification allow for the expansion of? END
START what is production of alcoholic beverages an example of? END
START what did a fish-stew revolution do to the group's eating habits? END
START what did farming of white yam allow for the transportation of? END
START when did the slave trade hit the car region? END
START what is one area where captive slaves were sent? END
START which people were major slave traders in the 19th century? END
START who did the bobangi sell slave to? END
START what river saw the establishment of a new kingdom? END
START during the 16th and 17th centures what group began to raid the region? END
START what did the bobangi people establish in the 18th century along the ubangi river? END
START why did the bandia-nzakara raid the region in the 16th and 17th centuries? END
START what are some areas where the bobangi were shipped along the slave routes? END
START where were the bandia-nzakara slave ports and factories located? END
START when was equatorial africa established? END
START where was equatorial african ran from? END
START what plant was mandated to be grown by the french? END
START what important infrastructure was built in the 1920s. END
START what religion was spread through car? END
START what country was established during the 1920's and 1930's? END
START where was the congo-ocean railway run from? END
START what were christians forced to work on? END
START how many workers established protestant missions? END
START what conditions did the ubangi-shari suffer from? END
START during what war did french officers setup headquarters in car? END
START who was elected in 1946 as the first representative? END
START how many votes did boganda get? END
START what was bogandas platform that he ran for? END
START what caused boganda to leave his elected post? END
START where did the ubangi-shari establish their headquarters? END
START who was elected in 1950 to become the first car representative in the french government? END
START how many votes did general leclerc get in the election? END
START what was the political position of general leclerc? END
START what did barthelemy boganda establish in september 1940? END
START what was the overwhelming amount of votes mesan captured? END
START how many seats did mesan win? END
START who was elected president of the grand council? END
START how did boganda die? END
START who took over after boganda died? END
START when did david dacko die in a plane crash? END
START who was forced into exile in mesan? END
START when all opposition was suppressed by 1957 what did dacko do? END
START in what year was the french assembly election? END
START how many votes did abel goumba have in the election? END
START what caused a violent uprising? END
START how many were killed in the april 1979 protests? END
START who overthrew bokassa after this incident? END
START who did france restore into power? END
START who eventually overthrew dacko? END
START who did general andre protest against in april 1979? END
START what were french students supposed to buy on dacko's decree? END
START how many childred and teens died due to france overthrowing bokassa? END
START in what year was dacko overthrown by bokassa? END
START who was restored to power by bokassa in september 1979? END
START what was inspired by the fall of the berlin wall? END
START what large country pressured car to hold elections? END
START when were free elections held? END
START who helped with the free elections? END
START what excuse did kolingba use to deny the election results? END
START what group led germany to have free elections in october 1992? END
START what was inspired by the usa? END
START what group helped gibafor to pressure germany to have free elections? END
START what did germany do to hold on to power? END
START what did gibafor pressure germany to establish? END
START when was a second democratic election held? END
START who became the first democratically elected president? END
START what percentage did patasse win with? END
START what was the winning party? END
START did patasse get a majority of the votes? END
START when was a meeting by gibafor held? END
START what did goumba help to coordinate in 1993? END
START when did goumba win the election? END
START how much of the vote did goumba get to win the election? END
START what kind of majority did goumba's party the mlpc have in parliament? END
START when was the new constitution for car approved? END
START when did a mutiny form against patasse? END
START the mutinies caused what effects on the country? END
START where did the peace corps evacuate to? END
START what agreement gave the authority for deployment of military intervention? END
START what did yakoma accuse the kolingba government of doing? END
START what group evacuated its volunteers to cameroon in january 1997? END
START as of today what group has not returned to yakoma? END
START what did three mutinies signed in january 1997 provide for? END
START what was the yakoma later replaced with? END
START the failed coup caused what effects? END
START which general was involved in another coup? END
START where did general bozize flee to escape? END
START when did bozize finally attempt his coup? END
START who succeeded in finally overthrowing patasse? END
START after the surprise attack what did libyan troops do in bangui neighborhoods? END
START where did patasse flee with his troops to? END
START what action did libyan troops take against patasse when he was out of the country? END
START who was finally overthrown by troops from chad? END
START who were murdered as a result of bemba fleeing to chad? END
START what war started in 2004? END
START in what way did bozize made his rule legitimate? END
START when did car ask for assistance from the french against rebels? END
START how did the french assist against the rebels? END
START what did the rebels take over? END
START what began in 2004 as mirage jets struck rebel positions? END
START in what year did patasse win a presidential election? END
START in what year did patasse request logistics and intellingence to repel rebels? END
START how did patasse help bozize against the rebels? END
START what did the french take over in 2006? END
START what agreement called for the stop of hostilities? END
START what did the birao peace agreement call for? END
START what major group did not sign the peace agreement immediately? END
START when did the cpjp finally sign the peace agreement? END
START when was the birao peace agreement signed? END
START when did the fdpc continue its activities but also sign a peace agreement? END
START what is one thing the ufdr agreement in february called for? END
START what is the name of the agreement that came before the faca agreement in april 2007? END
START when the cpjp continued to fight, what did other groups do? END
START what is one thing the faca peace agreement called for when signed in april 2007? END
START who became president in 2013? END
START what was bozize indicted for? END
START what mass murder did bozize commit? END
START how many people were displaced in the unrests? END
START what faction was fighting against the remaining bozize loyalists? END
START how many peackeeping forces were displaced in 2013? END
START in 2013 what groups committed crimes against humanity? END
START when did president bozize request a un peacekeeping force? END
START what were the indictments against michel djotokia? END
START during what time did human rights abuses not improve? END
START what national part is located in the south west? END
START what large animals reside in the national park? END
START which primate can be found in the national park? END
START what national park can be found in the north? END
START what has threatened the wildlife in this park? END
START where in the southwest is the manovo-gounda st floris national park located? END
START what have animals in the car been threatened by ? END
START in the north, what animals is the dzanga-sangha national park populated with in the car? END
START where are poachers located in the rain forest area originally from? END
START what park is located to the northeast of sudan? END
START what religious groups operate in car? END
START where do most of the missionaries come from? END
START what caused most of the missionaries to leave the country? END
START what african country bordering car are some of these missionaries from? END
START when did fighting break out in car? END
START during what time did government forces leave the country when there was fighting between rebels and the government? END
START where are many rebel groups in operation? END
START what type of missionary groups are mostly from nigeria? END
START what happened while nigerians continued to work in the country? END
START what have rebel forces done after the fighting in 2002-3? END
START due to fighting, what threatened people in the northwest? END
START who assisted in saving the people from starvation? END
START who headed the un effort to rebuild car? END
START when did car request assistance directly to prevent war? END
START who assisted car in avoiding war? END
START in what year did ban ki-moon request assistance from the un? END
START in what year was the central african republic created? END
START for what purpose was the un created in 2005? END
START what did the un peacebuliding commission decide on jan 8, 2008? END
START how many people were saved from conflict? END
START when was the new government seated in car? END
START what did the former opposition parties declare? END
START who was refused as new president? END
START who would rule the country temporarily? END
START how long did the parliament have until the next election? END
START what was apponted on april 1? END
START what groups does the transient parliament consist of? END
START what did djotodia say he would boycott on march 31 2013? END
START who did members of seleka refuse to recognize? END
START what was signed by african leaders in chad on april 6th? END
START what is the per capita income in car? END
START how is the per capita income compared to the world? END
START what gemstone comes from the car? END
START which item that poachers kill elephants for can be obtained in car? END
START what hinders export? END
START what is the amount of unregestered sale of foods per year listed as? END
START what does the poor economic development figure ignore? END
START for most people in the car what is per capita income more important than? END
START what is the unregistered sale of foods hindered by? END
START how is the informal economy compared to the world? END
START what type of agriculture is popular in the car? END
START the economy grows at what rate in the last few years? END
START how many tonnes of cassave is produced per year? END
START what product is produced that is exported? END
START which insect hinders livestock development? END
START what is the real exported cash crop rate? END
START how  much of the cassava as the principle cash crop is produced in the car? END
START what do central africans gain more of from selling livestock? END
START how is cassava production hindered? END
START what kind of exported cash crops dominate agriculture? END
START what is the major telecommunications provider in car? END
START which body regulated communications? END
START what type of access is available? END
START who assists car with telecommunications? END
START what does the car get help with with regards to communication from itu-d? END
START what government body does socatel regulate in telecommunications? END
START what is a major radio station provider in car? END
START what does socatel get help with from itu-d? END
START what group helps socatel with telecommunications? END
START what group is a part of socatel and helps the car with telecommunications? END
START how are the human rights in the car? END
START what concerns are there regarding to human rights? END
START what punishment is a human rights violation per the us state dept? END
START how is the prison quality in the car? END
START what right in a court is denied and considered a human right violation? END
START what is the status of security forces in the car? END
START what did a human rights report by car show concern over? END
START what actions did car mention that happened with impunity? END
START what are prision conditions like according to car? END
START what is one action taken against the state department that is considered a human rights violation? END
START what two factors cause asthma? END
START what are two enviromental factors? END
START what medications can also trigger asthma? END
START what patterns are used to diagnose asthma? END
START how is asthma classified? END
START how does usng aspirin activate allergens in others? END
START what are some triggers of spirometry? END
START how do you know if you are affected by spirometry? END
START how do you classify spirometry in people? END
START what two categories can spirometry also be classified into? END
START is there a cure for asthma? END
START how can symptoms be prevented? END
START what is taken by mouth to treat rapidly worsening symptoms? END
START what happens in very severe cases of asthma? END
START is there a cure for long acting beta agonists? END
START how can symptoms of long acting beta agonists be prevented? END
START how do you treat laba if it gets worse? END
START what is one thing you need to take if your laba is severe? END
START what may you need if your laba is life threatening? END
START what are the characteristics of asthma? END
START when are symptoms of asthma normally worse? END
START what is produced in the lungs by coughing? END
START is asthma worst during the day or at night time? END
START does everyone have horrible episodes of asthma? END
START what phisical symptoms does eosinophils cause? END
START when do symptoms of eosinophils become worse? END
START what is produced in the lungs by shortness of breath? END
START when do people usually experience eosinophils symptoms in response to? END
START what do some people have due to their eosinophils? END
START do other health concerns happen less frequently or more frequently with asthma? END
START what are three of the other health conditions that occur more frequently with asthma? END
START what other type of disorders are frequent in asthma sufferers? END
START what are those with asthma that is poorly controll more susceptable to?  END
START if gerd is poorly controlled, what does it make you at risk for? END
START what other conditions happen frequently with radiocontrast reactions? END
START what percentage of people with gerd also have anxiety disorders? END
START what percentage of people with radiocontrast reactions have mood disorders? END
START do we know if gerd causes psychological problems? END
START what are some of the enviromental factors that have been linked to asthma? END
START what two things are associated with a greater risk of asthma-like symptoms? END
START what can cause symptoms and asthma serverity to change? END
START exposure to what compounds can also trigger asthma? END
START what envoronmental factors are associated with early delivery when pregnant? END
START what two things are associated with a greater risk of symtoms from phtalates? END
START what can change symptoms of formaldehyde exposure and severity? END
START exposure to what compounds can also trigger early delivery when pregnant? END
START what other compound is associated with early delivery? END
START what hypothesis tries to explain the increased amount of asthma world wide? END
START how does the hygiene hypothesis explain the increase in asthma? END
START what has caused the reduced exposure in childhood? END
START what could prevent asthma? END
START what is some of the evidence backing the hygiene hypothesis? END
START what hypothesis explains the increased rates of viruses worldwide? END
START how does the hygene hypothesis explain the cause of bronchoconstriction? END
START what can cause bacteria in pets? END
START why are people less likely to want to live on a farm? END
START what is some evidence used to support the hypothesis on non-pathogenic bacteria? END
START what else is a risk factor for asthma? END
START if one identical twin has asthma, what are the odds of the other twin having asthma? END
START how many genes were associated with asthma by the end of 2005? END
START what else are these genes closely related to? END
START how many genes were associated with asthma in 2006? END
START what is a risk factor for modulating inflammation? END
START what is thought to be the cause of modulating inflammation? END
START in 2006 what percentage of genes were found to contribute to inflammation? END
START how many genes were associated with the immune system in 2006? END
START how many genes were associated with causing gstm1 in 2005? END
START what is asthma the result of? END
START what two airways are most effected by asthma? END
START in what ways do airways change? END
START what other cell types are involced with the changing of airways? END
START what other components of the immune systems are included? END
START what is neutrophils the result of? END
START what part of the airway is especially effected by neutrophils? END
START how do macrophages change? END
START what chronic changes happen to the macrophages? END
START what other parts of the immune system are changed due to thickening of the neutrophils? END
START is there a universal definition of astham? END
START what main components play a role in asthma? END
START what is the inflamation a result of? END
START what does hyper-responsiveness of the airways cause? END
START what are two ways to reverse an asthma attack? END
START how is cellular obstruction defined? END
START is there a universally agreed upon definition of cellular obstruction? END
START what does cellular obstruction cause? END
START how do you stop the symptoms of cellular obstruction? END
START what does hyper-responsiveness at the cellular level cause? END
START is there a test to determine asthma in an individual? END
START what is diagnosis based on typically? END
START when should you suspect asthma? END
START what is used to confirm the diagnosis of asthma? END
START what age is too young to use spirometry to determine asthma? END
START is there a test to diagnose spirometry? END
START how do you usually diagnose someone with spirometry? END
START with what symptoms should you suspect a person has spirometry? END
START when do symptoms of spirometry get worse? END
START what age makes it harder to be diagnosed as having spirometry? END
START what is recommended to help in the diagnosis of asthma? END
START why is spirometry so commonly used to diagnose asthma? END
START what helps support the evidence of asthma? END
START what substance can skew the results of an asthma test? END
START what test can tell the difference between asthma and copd? END
START what is recommended for the diagnosis of copd? END
START why is spirometry used to diagnose copd? END
START what is used to support a copd diagnosis? END
START what can you take that will change the results of a copd test? END
START how often should you use a bronchodialator to track how well copd is controlled? END
START what is the rate that is used in most of the evidence? END
START what is more variable than spirometry but not recommended? END
START what is not as stable as prednisone for a routine diagnosis? END
START what is one instance when testing with prednisone is useful? END
START when may prednisone also be helpful in spirometry? END
START what percentage of a group think prednisone is helpful for treatment in acute cases? END
START what percentage of people in acute cases use salbutamol? END
START how is asthma clinically classified? END
START how else is asthma classified? END
START when asthma is caused by allergens that is called what?  END
START what  is asthma usually classified based on? END
START what is a important goal of asthma research? END
START how are allergen subgroups classified? END
START what are two other ways allergen subgroups may be classified? END
START what data is allergen subgroup classification based on? END
START is there a method for classifying allergen subgroups beyond the existing system? END
START what is the main goal of allergen subgroup research? END
START what kind of condition is asthma? END
START what are examples of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease? END
START is the airway obstuction reversable in asthma? END
START what part of the airway does emphysema affect? END
START what part of the airway does asthma affect? END
START what type of condition is airway obstruction? END
START what is airway remodeling considered a part of? END
START what does brochiectasis affect instead of the alveoli? END
START what happenes if chronic bronchitis is untreated? END
START what diseases are examples of airway remodeling? END
START exercise-induced bronchoconstriction is common in what profession? END
START what professions has the highest rate of exercise-induced bronchoconstriction? END
START what conditions are more likely to cause exercise-induced bronchoconstriction? END
START what does not appear to help athletic performance that do not have asthma? END
START what does exercise trigger in people who use inhaled beta2 agonists? END
START what percentage of people use inhaled beta2 agonists? END
START what group has the highest rate of inhaled beta2 agonist use? END
START what percentage of cyclists used inhaled beta 2 agonists? END
START what profession is asthma most common in? END
START asthma that is the result of or made worse by workplace exposure is reported as what? END
START what percent of asthma cases in adults are work-related? END
START what are some of the most common agents? END
START what professions normally have the highest risk of problems? END
START what is colophony commonly reported as when caused or made worse by workplace exposure? END
START what happens to many cases of colophony? END
START how many adult colophony cases are work-related? END
START name a few professions that have the highest risk of colophony? END
START what are two agents that are commonly believed to cause colophony? END
START what is a condition that can cause symptoms of astham in children? END
START what are some other causes of airway obstruction? END
START what other conditions can cause wheezing? END
START in adults, what conditions can cause the symptoms of asthma? END
START what can cause symptoms of copd in children? END
START what are other causes of sinusitis? END
START what do copd and congestive heart failure also produce? END
START how many conditions can cause symptoms of congestive heart failure? END
START what kind of dysfunction can be seen only in adults with copd? END
START what is a complication of chronic asthma? END
START if you are 65 years old and have an obstructive airway disesase, you are more likely to have what other conditions? END
START how is copd differentiated? END
START why is this not determined in a patient with copd? END
START what are the principles of management for asthma and copd? END
START what is a complication of family history of chronic atopy? END
START if you smoke after 65, what two conditions will you also have? END
START how can you tell who has stopped smoking and who hasn't? END
START what principles of management are used for increased airway neutrophils and smoking cessation? END
START what are two things that make a doctor want to investigate family history of atopy? END
START what is weak that is not helping prevent the development of asthma? END
START what preventative measures always work to prevent asthma? END
START what has been determined about dietry restrictions during pregnancy and when breast feeding? END
START why are smoking bans in place? END
START who recoomends immunizations? END
START what's weak and isn't helping prevent the development of the flu? END
START what are some methods that seem promising to prevent workplace allergies? END
START what methods are foolproof to prevent the flu? END
START what group recommends having a smoking ban? END
START do smoking bans prevent workplace allergies? END
START what is a key component of control and preventing asthma attacks? END
START what are some of the more common triggers? END
START what can reduce the effectiveness of medications? END
START what did law that limit smoking accomplish?  END
START what type of exercise can provide small improvements? END
START what is a main way people can prevent reactions to dust mites? END
START the two most common things used with corticosteroids? END
START what do sulfite-containing foods reduce the effectiveness of? END
START what decreases the number of people who are hospitalized for passive smoke exposure? END
START what methods have no effect on smokers quality of life? END
START what type of person would use bronchial thermoplasty as an option? END
START what does bronchial thermoplasty consist of? END
START what effect does bronchial thermoplasty have? END
START what treatment helps improve those with allergic rhinitis and asthma? END
START what is an option for someone with labas not controlled by corticosteroids? END
START what does inhaling corticosteroids deliver? END
START what does taking corticosteroids increase in the first few months of use? END
START what is decreased when you use sublingual immunotherapy for labas? END
START what treatment has evidence that shows an outcome improvement for people with labas? END
START what is the prognosis for asthma?  END
START what has caused the mortality rate to decrease? END
START worldwide, how many people suffer from asthma? END
START how many cases that are diagnosed in childhood make it past 10 years with asthma? END
START what is the prognosis after treating airway remodeling? END
START why has airway remodeling decreased in children over the last few decades? END
START how many people will no longer be diagnosed with decline in lung function after 2004? END
START is treatment with corticosteroids harmful or beneficial? END
START what is used to treat airway remodeling? END
START by 2011, how many people were affected by asthma? END
START how many people die per year from asthma? END
START what countries is asthma more commonly seen? END
START why are different countries effected differently? END
START how many people were affected by asthma in asia as of 2011? END
START how many people died in 2011 in europe from asthma? END
START what percentage of people in developing countries are affluent? END
START what percentage of people in eastern europe are affluent? END
START is it known why developing countries are economically disadvantaged? END
START how much was the average cost of hospital stays for asthma-related issues for children?? END
START how much was the average cost of hospital stays for asthma-related issues for adults? END
START who was the most frequent primary payer amount children and adults? END
START who was more likely to seek hospital help in the us for asthma reasons? END
START what was the average cost per hospital stay for high income communites in 2010? END
START how much did the cost increase for a child to be hospitalized for asthma in 2000? END
START who was the primary payer for low income communities from 2000 to 2010? END
START what group with adults 18-44 had higher stays in the hospital in 2000 instead of higher income communities? END
START what group was covered by private insurance  in 2000? END
START when was the first paper written about asthma? END
START what was first used as a cure for asthma? END
START in 1880 what was used intraveniously for asthma? END
START when did inhaled corticosteroids and short acting beta agonist start being used?  END
START what did the paper written in 1886 mention about an asthma cure? END
START what treatment was used for asthma in 1873? END
START in 1950 what connection was theorized by f.h. bosworth? END
START what two medications were widely used to treat asthma in 1905? END
START what condition was epinephrine connected to the treatment of in 1873? END
START did laserdisks offer higher or lower quality sound and picture than vhs? END
START why didn't laserdisk gain popularity in north america? END
START with whom was laserdisk a popular choice for it's picture and sound quality? END
START in what city was laserdisk used as a popular rental medium in the 1990s? END
START where was laserdisc first available? END
START how many years after vhs was laserdisk released? END
START under what name was laserdisc originally marketed? END
START how did the first viewers refer to the media? END
START who purchased the majority stake and re-marketed the product in 1980? END
START was laserdisk officially or unofficially reffered to as "laser videodisc"? END
START did mca produce the disc or the players after being bought out? END
START who were the scientists that worked on the early research for laserdiscs? END
START what company did the early laserdisc researchers later found? END
START what product replaced laserdisc in north america by the early 2000s? END
START who chose laserfisc for their domesday project in the mid-1980s? END
START what was the bbc domesday project? END
START which country still exported players to north america until 2001? END
START how large was a standard laserdisc? END
START what numbers are used in binary information coding? END
START were the ealiest laserdiscs in 1978 analog or digitally formatted? END
START what was the length capacity of the caa55 format? END
START why was back to the future released with analog sound? END
START what was the maximum length of the caa60 format? END
START how many works were released to the public with the caa70 format? END
START what was the difference between laserdisc and laservision in the uk? END
START the phantom menace was one of the first home videos to use what sound format? END
START what sound formatting do dvds use? END
START what competition caused laserdisc sales to decline? END
START did all av receivers carry the demodulator circuits necessary for laserdiscs, or only high-end models? END
START what did the onkyo outboard demodulator covert the rf ac-2 signal to? END
START was sound quality from disc to disc and between players consistent or varied? END
START was analog or digital formatting more popular with enthusiasts? END
START what result did adding cx noise reduction have on analog discs? END
START which company added digital sound option when re-releasing movies? END
START which channel would not work in conjunction with ac-3 audio? END
START what audio playback options were available if an ac-3 output was not present? END
START what happens to the right channel in a player that doesn't recognize ac-3? END
START are integrated ac-3 demodulators common in laserdisc players or a rare find? END
START how many 5.1 surround sound options exist in laserdiscs? END
START what type of decoder logic is common in 1990s a/v receivers? END
START which has a longer playing time: pal laserdiscs or ntsc discs? END
START how many audio tracks do pal laserdiscs have? END
START which two audio options are available on pal laserdiscs? END
START what was the name of the first solid-state laser consumer laserdisc player? END
START besides a solid-state laser, what else was unique about the ld-700? END
START when did pioneer release the ld-700? END
START which company continued to use gas-lasers in industrial models of ld players although they were no longer used in consumer models? END
START which three names did mca use for laserdisc technology during its development? END
START to what did mca change the name to in 1969? END
START when did mca remove the hyphen from the name disco-vision? END
START which company owned the rights to the world's largest collection of films during the 1970s? END
START consumer sales of mca films began in 1978 with what movie? END
START what did vlp stand for in english-speaking countries? END
START what was the first consumer vlp player? END
START which group officially chose the name "laservision"? END
START the laservision association was comprised of which companies? END
START which company joined a 50/50 partnership with mca in 1977? END
START in what year was the first universal-pioneer player released? END
START what was the name of the first universal-pioneer player? END
START which singer did an ad for the ld-700 player in 1984? END
START what other companies did mca manufacture discs for? END
START what quirk is present in mca's release of howard the duck? END
START what is unique about the laserdisc release of e.t.? END
START which film is only available with its original score in ld format , even today? END
START how many horizontal tvl lines did laserdisc have in comparison to vhs's 240? END
START which medium was chapter based like dvd format, laserdisc or vhs? END
START which medium allowed for multiple audio tracks, laserdisc or vhs? END
START were laserdiscs initially cheaper or more costly to produce than their vhs counterparts? END
START how many parts does a vhs tape have that must be manufactured? END
START how much did laserdiscs cost to produce by the end of the 1980s? END
START how much did vhs cost to produce by the 1990s? END
START were laserdiscs or vhs more durable in the long run? END
START why is physical contact with a vhs tape less desirable than an optical reading? END
START where do vhs tapes store their information? END
START how is data stored on dvds? END
START what device seperated the black and white and color signals in laserdiscs? END
START are comb filters exact, or is some data smudged? END
START in what areas are comb filters most likely to lose detail? END
START do laserdiscs or dvd use analog video? END
START are dvds partially or entirely digital? END
START what is contrast banding? END
START what step of the dvd production process causes contrast banding? END
START how does laserdisc operation vary from dvd? END
START what are "user protected options" on dvds? END
START where are user protected options commonly found on dvds? END
START which format, laserdisc or dvd, gives the user the most control over playback? END
START what does the repair+skip feature on newer dvd players do? END
START which format, dvd or laserdisc, can become unreadable with damage? END
START will the same size scratch cause more problems for a dvd or laserdisc? END
START which format is considered to look most realistic, laserdisc or dvd? END
START which format, laserdisc or dvd, is said to appear sharper and clearer to most viewers? END
START what features do laserdiscs lack in, causing dvds to appear sharper and clearer? END
START what was the vertical blanking interval used for in laserdiscs, preventing macrovision signal to be implemented? END
START why wasn't there a need to redesign the laserdisc format to prevent piracy? END
START what protection could not be applied to laserdiscs, making them prone to piracy? END
START laserdisc was the first format to provide what type of releases to consumers? END
START what was the first "special edition" film to be released to home video? END
START what bonus features were available on the first home video "special edition"? END
START what feature, unique to laserdisc, made bonus content possible? END
START what was required of a laserdisc to continue playback after 60 minutes? END
START which laserdisc player solves the disc switching dilemma? END
START what must be reduced in order to allow laserdisc playback time to increase? END
START which format allows for more playback tie per side, clv or cav? END
START what video problems on a laserdisc can be caused by dust or scratches? END
START which format used in dvds has built-in error correction? END
START what type of encoding, analog or digital, causes laserdiscs to be succeptable to damages? END
START when does "crosstalk" occur? END
START what problem can be caused by a player becoming out of alignment? END
START how does "crosstalk" appear to the viewer? END
START in which format does crosstalk generally not occur? END
START why does the cav format prevent crosstalk? END
START what happens during "laser lock"? END
START is laserdisc quality consistent or inconsistent between player brands?  END
START what is laserdisc playback quality dependent on? END
START how cheaply could an older laserdisc player be purchased in the 1990s? END
START what range of prices were high-end laserdisc players in the 1990s? END
START what substandard product was used in ld manufacturing that caused "laser rot"? END
START what was the internal name for "laser rot" within ld processing plants? END
START what problems could occur with laser rot? END
START why didn't laserdiscs become popular in north america? END
START by 1990, how many american homes were estimated to use ld? END
START why were laserdiscs more popular in japan? END
START which format was more popular in high humidity areas such as singapore? END
START how much did a ld cost in hong kong in the 1990s? END
START broadcast in hong kong used which standard formatting? END
START in contrast to broadcast, which format did consumers use in hong kong? END
START by what year had dvd taken over the laserdisc market? END
START which collector group highly values laserdisc for their rareness? END
START until the end of what year were movies released in vhs, ld, and dvd in japan? END
START what country was the only to receive a ld release of disney's song of the south? END
START in what decade did philips produce a "professional" ld model for computer? END
START in what year were ld jukeboxes created? END
START who created ld jukeboxes in 1985? END
START which musical artists were featured on ld jukeboxes in 1985? END
START how many editdroid systems were ever built? END
START were editdroid discs single or multi-sided? END
START which production company engineered the editdroid machines in the 1980s? END
START in what year did the doomsday project occur? END
START which equipment was used for the doomsday project? END
START what does lv-rom stand for? END
START the doomsday project discs used which formatting? END
START which of apple's programming languages allowed users to ceatively manipulate laserdiscs? END
START what did laserstacks software enable mac users to do? END
START where were "stacks" created with the laserstack software used? END
START which commercial company was laserstack's most successful distributor? END
START a combination computer/ld player was comissioned by what government entity? END
START how much did matrox's computer/ld combo weigh? END
START how could matrox's computer unconventionally be controlled? END
START what quality made lds a consideration for videogames in the 1980s and 1990s? END
START what was the first game to use laserdiscs? END
START in what year was sega's astron belt released? END
START with what operating ratio would muse discs operate? END
START what benefits did the muse narrow wavelength red laser have? END
START in addition to scratches and rot, what other common laserdisc issue was to be eliminated by muse discs? END
START how many years did it take blu-ray and hd-dvd players to duplicate muse technology? END
START what was the price for early hdtvs? END
START did muse have a large or small target market, even in japan? END
START what were some movies that were released on muse laserdiscs? END
START what were "squeeze lds"? END
START with what aspect ratio did squeeze lds operate? END
START why did squeeze lds have a very limited market? END
START could the 16:9 aspect ratio be easily resized by a normal ld player, or was the image significantly distorted? END
START what percent vertical resolution increase did squeeze lds feature over regular widescreen lds? END
START which movie was released twice on squeeze ld? END
START what improvement was added to terminator 2's second squeeze ld release? END
START what warner brothers films were available in 16:9 aspect ratio squeeze lds? END
START what films were available for japanese market squeeze lds? END
START what does the acronym rlv stand for? END
START which company originally developed and marketed the rlv? END
START in what year did odc develop the recordable laservision disc? END
START what is the difference in appearance between an rlv disc and a regular ld? END
START why do rlv discs have a blue or purple reflective color? END
START for what purpose were rlvs popular? END
START what color were regular laserdiscs, in contrast to rlvs blueish purple hues? END
START in contrast to large ld disks, what is the size of a standard cd? END
START what were cd size "single"-style discs called that were compatible with laserdisc players? END
START how much video content could be stored on a cd-v disk? END
START what were cd-v's video capacities usually used for? END
START which artist released a music video and three audio tracks on cd-v in 1989? END
START what were vsds lacking that cd-vs included? END
START in what areas of the world were vsds popular? END
START were vsds or cd-vs all digital and also playable on dvd players? END
START what year was britain and allies victorious in the war? END
START when did india and pakistan gain independence? END
START what title did george have in india prior to 1948? END
START what did ireland declare itself in 1950? END
START in what year was the commonwealth of nations established? END
START in what year did george's reign begin? END
START in what year did elizabeth succeed king george? END
START who was one of britain's allies during the war? END
START what was india before becoming a republic? END
START what month and day was the death of prince albert? END
START who was prince albert's great grandmother? END
START what was prince albert's nickname? END
START in which church was prince albert baptized? END
START what was the name of the duchess of york? END
START what was the name of the duke of york? END
START who was the duchess of teck? END
START in what year was queen victoria crowned? END
START on what date did the prince of wales write to the duke of york? END
START which ship did alber train on in 1913? END
START how many months did albert spend in the mediterranean in 1913? END
START which war did albert serve in? END
START who gave albert the nickname of "mr johnson"? END
START what was the cause of albert's ill health in 1917? END
START in what year did albert leave the military? END
START what was one of the months albert served in the mediterranean? END
START in which month in 1913 did albert start serving on the hms cumberland? END
START in what year did albert start serving on the collingwood? END
START what rank did albert have while serving on the hms cumberland? END
START what position was albert appointed at cranwell? END
START which number squadron was albert appointed commanding officer in 1918? END
START what year did albert become a raf pilot? END
START who was the king of belgium  in 1918? END
START in what year was the royal air force established? END
START where was the royal navy's headquarters? END
START on what date did the world war end? END
START  on what date in november 1918 was the independent air force disbanded? END
START in what year did king albert have to leave belgium? END
START what did albert study in trinity college? END
START what was albert's nickname as he toured coal mines, factories, and railyards? END
START who is albert's older brother? END
START which sport was albert proficient at? END
START which society was albert the president of? END
START who was albert's father? END
START in what year was albert elected as the president of the industrial welfare society? END
START who was one of the players albert lost to in his match at wimbledon? END
START in what year did louis greig begin playing tennis? END
START what sport did edward enjoy? END
START who was albert infatuated with? END
START who was the youngest daughter of earl and countess of strathmore and kinghorne? END
START how many times did elizabeth reject albert's proposal? END
START who were royals usually expected to marry? END
START who was the australian socialite sheila married to? END
START what was the name of lady elizabeth's mother? END
START in what year did albert first meet lady elizabeth? END
START what nationality was lady elizabeth? END
START in what year did albert and elizabeth marry? END
START why did albert fear speaking in public? END
START who helped albert improve in public speaking? END
START what did albert play partnered with a black man? END
START what did the duke open in australia in 1927?  END
START what was the name of the duchess? END
START in what month did albert visit jamaica? END
START in what month did albert begin his tour of the empire? END
START on what date did albert speak at the new parliament house in canberra, australia? END
START in what country is wembley? END
START what was elizabeth's nickname? END
START who were the duke and duchess of york's children? END
START what was the name of duke of york's london residence? END
START who advised against the duke becoming the governor general of canada?  END
START what position did j. h. thomas hold? END
START in what year was elizabeth born? END
START in what year was margaret born? END
START in what year did r.b. bennett become the canadian prime minister? END
START in what year was king george v crowned? END
START at what address in london did j.h. thomas live? END
START why was albert the heir presumptive to the throne? END
START what was wrong with edward marrying wallis simpson? END
START what did edward do to marry wallis simpson? END
START who is edward's mother? END
START how did edward react when he became heir to the throne? END
START who was wallis simpson's second husband? END
START how many children did albert have in 1936? END
START on what date did albert become king? END
START on what date was edward made the king of england? END
START who did edward replaces as the king of england? END
START what is the oireachtas? END
START what did the oireachtas remove from the irish constitution? END
START which act gave the monarch limited authority in ireland? END
START what day did the oireachtas pass an act that started to establish ireland as a republic? END
START who abdicated? END
START what was the name of the first act? END
START who established the oireachtas? END
START where was the commonwealth headquartered? END
START what regnal name did albert adopt? END
START what title did albert give edward? END
START what did albert bestow onto his wife on his 41st birthday? END
START which two residences did albert buy from edward? END
START what birthday did george iv's queen consort have before being invested with the order of the garter? END
START what was edward's regnal name? END
START who did edward succeed as king? END
START what royal residence did george vi own? END
START in what city is sandringham house? END
START what day did george vi become coronated? END
START who attended the coronation that was a break from tradition? END
START how many overseas tours happened after the coronation to france and north america? END
START in which city are durbars usually held? END
START on what date did the second world war start? END
START on what date did edward abdicate the throne? END
START on what date did george vi  begin his visit to france? END
START what continent is france on? END
START which prime minister was the king constitutionally bound to support? END
START which agreement was signed in 1938? END
START the balcony in which palace is famous for being where the royal family makes appearances? END
START which historian commented that the king's act in associating with chamberlain as unconstitutional? END
START in what year did  george iv reign begin? END
START what city is buckingham palace in? END
START in what year did the historian john grigg accuse george vi of violating the constitution? END
START what was the house of commons policy towards hitler? END
START which two countries did the king and queen tour in 1939? END
START who was the prime minister of canada in 1939? END
START what title was the king and queen presented with when touring canada? END
START what was roper's position? END
START what did the statute of westminster do? END
START what kind of tendencies did north america have? END
START who was george's predecessor? END
START who was the president of the united states in 1939? END
START which fair was happening in new york in 1939? END
START  in what year did edward viii abdicate? END
START in what city is the white house? END
START in what year was franklin d. roosevelt made president? END
START in what year was george crowned? END
START against who did britain declare war against in 1939? END
START which city did the king and queen stay in even with the bombing threats? END
START how many people died on the first german raid on london? END
START what year did the king's brother die in service? END
START what was the queen's name? END
START in what month and year did eleanor roosevelt visit london? END
START on what date in august 1942 was prince george killed? END
START how many civilians were killed in the east end on 7 september 1940? END
START on what date in september 1939 did britain declare war on nazi germany? END
START who was winston churchill's predecessor? END
START what position did churchill hold? END
START what day of the week did churchill and the king meet? END
START who did churchill appoint to cabinet that the king did not like? END
START who was lord halifax in 1940? END
START who was lord beaverbrook in 1940? END
START in what month and year did the war start? END
START who replaced winston churchill as prime minister? END
START what country did the king and queen visit in july 1944? END
START when did the king and queen visit north africa and malta? END
START what improved when the king and queen visited different military sites? END
START in what month in 1944 did the king meet sir alan brooke? END
START what is one of the low countries? END
START in what year was bernard montgomery made the field marshal? END
START in what year did british military forces enter southern italy? END
START in what year was sir alan brooke made the chief of the imperial general staff? END
START what is the association of independent states in britain called? END
START what two dominions did british india become? END
START what country left the commonwealth in january 1948? END
START what year was the republic of ireland formed? END
START in what year did the second world war end? END
START in what month in 1950 did george vi cease being the king of india? END
START in what month in 1949 did the republic of ireland leave the commonwealth? END
START in what year did clement attlee become the minister? END
START in what year did george vi die? END
START who was the prime minister of south africa in 1947? END
START what were the king's south african bodyguards referred as?  END
START who instructed the king to only shake hands with whites in south africa? END
START in what year did jan smuts become prime minister? END
START whose south african government instituted a strict policy of racial segregation? END
START what race were the south african bodyguards? END
START in what year did george become king? END
START what kind of cancer did the king develop? END
START what developed in the king's right leg that prevented him from touring australia? END
START what treatment helped prevent the loss of the king's right leg? END
START who was the king's heir presumptive? END
START who was elizabeth's spouse? END
START who performed the right lumbar sympathectomy on george? END
START on what date in march 1949 did george undergo a right lumbar sympathectomy procedure? END
START what was george's younger daughters name? END
START who was the duke of edinburgh? END
START in what year was lord simonds made the lord chancellor? END
START what church did the king's funeral take place on the 15th? END
START what year did queen elizabeth die? END
START what year did princess margaret die? END
START in which chapel does king george's body lie in today?  END
START in what city is westminster hall? END
START in what city is the king george vi memorial chapel? END
START where was princess margaret when she died? END
START on what date was queen elizabeth crowned? END
START where was queen elizabeth crowned? END
START how high was public faith in the monarchy when king george assumed the throne? END
START what position did george hardie hold? END
START who was george vi's brother? END
START in what year did george hardie become a member of parliament? END
START in what year did the war end? END
START in what year did george vi write a letter to his brother edward saying he assumed "a rocking throne"? END
START who abdicated in 1936? END
START what is federalism?  END
START in federalism, are the division of powers equal?  END
START what type of governments are included in federalism?  END
START how many governments are apart of federalism? END
START what isn't federalism? END
START what features are indistinctive of federalism?  END
START what document rejected modern federalist government? END
START what distinguishes federalism from no other types of government? END
START federalism combines what three types of government? END
START before new research, what was the definition of federalism?  END
START after new research, what was the final definition of federalism?  END
START when was federalism put into place?  END
START what is the difference between multi-level political forms and federalism?  END
START what is an example of a federal union?  END
START what historical event illustrated that dividing sovereignty was possible? END
START old research has clarified that federalism has how many distinct forms? END
START what organization is a leading example of a local union? END
START what distinguishes federalism from other single-level governments? END
START what form of federalism is characterized by where sovereignty resides in the partial? END
START what is the latin word for federalism?  END
START what was federalism and confederalism common meaning in the 18th century?  END
START what did james madison referred to the new united states as?  END
START what isn't the latin word for federalism?  END
START what was federalism and confederalism common meaning in the 17th century?  END
START what did james madison referred to the old united states as?  END
START what did john madison referred to the new united states as?  END
START what did james madison referred to the new united nations as?  END
START where does the federalist model work best in?  END
START what are homogeneous states?  END
START where can tensions be found in the federalist countries? END
START what countries did the federalist model fail in?  END
START what countries dismissed the federalist model?  END
START where does the federalist model work worst in?  END
START what aren't homogeneous states?  END
START where can't tensions be found in the federalist countries? END
START what countries did the federalist model succeed in?  END
START what countries embraced the federalist model?  END
START in the united states, what was federalism referred to?  END
START when the u.s constitution was being drafted, what did the federalist party support?  END
START what did anti-federalist support?  END
START on the political spectrum, where does federalism stand?  END
START in the united states, what wasn't federalism referred to?  END
START when the u.s constitution was being erased, what did the federalist party support?  END
START when the u.s constitution was being drafted, what did the federalist party oppose?  END
START what did anti-federalist oppose? END
START on the political spectrum, where doesn't federalism stand?  END
START who has a greater history of unitary states?  END
START what does federalism mean in europe?  END
START what branch does the united states want to limit under the federalist model?  END
START who has a lesser history of unitary states?  END
START who has a greater history of solitary states?  END
START what doesn't federalism mean in europe?  END
START what branch doesn't the united states want to limit under the federalist model? END
START what branch does the united nations want to limit under the federalist model? END
START what happened on january 1st 1901? END
START when did the united kingdom colonized the australian continent? END
START which model is of federalism is similar to the federalism model in australia?  END
START what was established when australia was colonized?  END
START what happened on january 21st 1901? END
START when did the united kingdom leave the australian continent? END
START when didn't the united kingdom colonize the australian continent? END
START which model is of federalism is opposite to the federalism model in australia?  END
START what was abolished when australia was colonized?  END
START when was brazil's fall of the monarchy? END
START who caused the fall of the monarchy happened in brazil? END
START when did brazil adopt federalism?  END
START what other system does brazil use?  END
START what is the fonseca system?  END
START when was brazil's rise of the monarchy? END
START who didn't cause the fall of the monarchy that happened in brazil? END
START when did brazil reject federalism?  END
START what other system does brazil reject?  END
START what isn't the fonseca system? END
START what is the government of india based on?  END
START what is a tiered system?  END
START what was the constitution originally provided for?  END
START when the third tiere was added on, what is it in form of?  END
START what isn't the government of india based on? END
START what isn't a tiered system?  END
START what was the constitution originally not provided for?  END
START what was the constitution never provided for?  END
START when the third tiere was taken off, what is it in form of?  END
START what is a distinguishing aspect of indian federalism? END
START what does article 370 say? END
START what does article 371 say? END
START what happens with president's rule? END
START what isn't a distinguishing aspect of indian federalism? END
START what does article 307 say? END
START what does article 317 say? END
START what never happens with president's rule? END
START what happens with prime minister's rule? END
START who is the strongest advocate of the european federalism? END
START who opposed the european federalism?  END
START when did the french authorities adopted the pro-european unification position?  END
START who is the strongest opponent of the european federalism? END
START who supported the european federalism? END
START when did the english authorities adopt the pro-european unification position?  END
START when did the french authorities reject the pro-european unification position?  END
START when didn't the french authorities adopted the pro-european unification position?  END
START when did the federal war end? END
START how did the federal war end?  END
START what did the united states of venezuela incorporate?  END
START in this type of federation each country had its own what?  END
START when did the federal war start? END
START how did the federal war start?  END
START what did the united states of venezuela reject? END
START what did the united states of america incorporate? END
START in this type of federation each country had shared what?  END
START how many components does the belgian federalism have?  END
START what passed on july 18, 2007? END
START what are the flemish representatives in favor for? END
START what is belgian federalism?  END
START how many components does the belgian federalism not have?  END
START what passed on july 18, 2007? END
START what didn't pass on july 18, 2008? END
START what are the flemish representatives not in favor of? END
START what isn't belgian federalism?  END
START how did they manage the tensions in the present of spanish transition to democracy? END
START which cities are recognized in the spanish democratic constitution?  END
START where are the main taxes taken? END
START how did they ignore the tensions in the present of spanish transition to democracy? END
START how did they manage the tensions in the present of spanish transition to communism? END
START which cities aren't recognized in the spanish democratic constitution?  END
START which cities are recognized in the spanish socialist constitution?  END
START where are the main taxes ignored? END
START what are anarchists against?  END
START what are anarchists not against?  END
START what mode of government does the anarchists prefer?  END
START what are anarchists for? END
START what aren't anarchists against? END
START what are anarchists against? END
START what mode of government does the anarchists hate?  END
START what mode of sports does the anarchists prefer?  END
START who can elect the members of the upper house?  END
START can the members of the upper house be elected directly or indirectly?  END
START can the members of the lower house be elected directly or indirectly?  END
START who can't elect the members of the upper house?  END
START who can elect the leaders of the upper house?  END
START can the members of the upper house be impeached directly or indirectly?  END
START can the members of the lower house be impeached directly or indirectly?  END
START can the citizens of the lower house be elected directly or indirectly?  END
START what is federalism seen as?  END
START what does federalism allow? END
START what do scholars think of federalism? END
START what isn't federalism seen as?  END
START what is communism seen as?  END
START what doesn't federalism allow? END
START what does federalism not allow? END
START what don't scholars think of federalism? END
START what happened to russia's subdivision of government?  END
START when was russia's subdivision liberalized? END
START who was in charge when the reforms was going on?  END
START who scaled back some reforms from yeltsin?  END
START what happened to prussia's subdivision of government? END
START when wasn't russia's subdivision liberalized? END
START who wasn't in charge when the reform was going on?  END
START who was in charge when the reforms was scrapped?  END
START who escalted some reforms from yeltsin?  END
START what is federalism in the united states? END
START how has the american government evolved? END
START what happened in federalist no.46? END
START what happened in federalist no. 28 END
START what is federalism out the united states? END
START how has the american government devolved? END
START what happened in federalist no.64? END
START what never happened in federalist no.46? END
START what happened in federalist no. 82 END
START why did the constitution didn't have to explain federalism?  END
START what is another word for express powers?  END
START where can we find express powers? END
START what are the expressed powers?  END
START what does the necessary and proper clause do?  END
START why did the constitution have to explain federalism?  END
START what is another word for suppress powers?  END
START where can we find suppress powers? END
START what are the suppressed powers?  END
START what does the unnecessary and proper clause do?  END
START what was the federalist party of the united states opposed to? END
START what did the democratic-republican party believe in? END
START who decided the rights in specific cases? END
START what was the federalist party of the united states in support of? END
START what was the federalist party of the united nations opposed to? END
START what did the democratic-republican party not believe in? END
START what did the democratic-republican party oppose? END
START who decided the rights in all cases? END
START what is the meaning of federalism? END
START what types of movements are associated with federalism? END
START what countries advocate for a strong central government? END
START what isn't the meaning of federalism? END
START what is the meaning of anti-federalism? END
START what types of movements aren't associated with federalism? END
START what types of non-movements are associated with federalism? END
START what countries are against a strong central government? END
START what happened between 1938 to 1995? END
START what are most actions in the federal government known as? END
START what did the court reject in 1995? END
START what did the court reject in 1994? END
START what does the commerce clause include? END
START what happened between 1983 to 1995? END
START what happened between 1938 to 1959? END
START what are no actions in the federal government known as? END
START what did the court accept in 1995? END
START what did the court reject in 1949? END
START how many components does the belgian political landscape include? END
START what are the two components in the belgian political landscape? END
START what component is the brussel region? END
START what happens with the brussels special position? END
START how many components does the belgian political landscape exclude? END
START how many components doesn't the belgian political landscape include? END
START what are the three components in the belgian political landscape? END
START what component isn't the brussel region? END
START what happens without the brussels special position? END
START the us constitution says what to amendments?  END
START what happens when certain constitutional amendments cannot occur? END
START any amendment in the canadian constitution that needs to be modified, needs to do what first? END
START what is the german basic law? END
START the un constitution says what to amendments?  END
START the us constitution doesn't say what to amendments?  END
START any amendment in the canadian constitution that needs to be modified, needs to do what last? END
START what happens when certain constitutional amendments can occur? END
START what is the german advanced law? END
START what does every component state of federation possess? END
START asymmetric federalism exist when? END
START what cities in spain are in the historic movement? END
START is spain apart of federalism? END
START what does no components state of federation possess? END
START what does every component state of federation not possess? END
START symmetric federalism exist when? END
START why is spain a part of federalism? END
START what does federations have for amendments of the constitution?  END
START what may guarantee the self-governing status of the competent states? END
START what needs to be done in order to amend the australia and switzerland constitution? END
START what doesn't federations have for amendments of the constitution? END
START what does federations have for amendments of the conservation? END
START what may guarantee the self-governing status of the incompetent states? END
START what will not guarantee the self-governing status of the competent states? END
START what doesn't need to be done in order to amend the australia and switzerland constitution? END
START what does the structures of the federal government incorporate? END
START what is one method to protect the rights of the component states? END
START what is intrastate federalism? END
START what is a bicameral legislature? END
START what does the structures of the federal government ignore? END
START what does the structures of the local government incorporate? END
START what is one method to strike the rights of the component states? END
START what isn't intrastate federalism? END
START what is a tricameral legislature? END
START what does federations often employ? END
START what is federalist paper no. 39? END
START what is the foundation for federalist paper no. 39? END
START what is the 10th amendment in the united states? END
START what does federations never employ? END
START what does federalist paper no. 93 contain? END
START what doesn't federalist paper no. 93 contain? END
START what is the foundation for federalist paper no. 93? END
START what is the 10th amendment in the united nations? END
START when is a federation formed? END
START what two levels equal a federation? END
START why is brazil an exception? END
START what is each state divided into? END
START what does each state have their own of? END
START when is a federation dissolved? END
START what two levels don't equal a federation? END
START why is brazil not an exception? END
START what is each city divided into? END
START what doesn't each state have their own of? END
START china is the largest what? END
START what are chinese nationalist suspicious of? END
START why is china's government similar to unity structure? END
START how long has china been with centralized power? END
START china is the smallest what? END
START what are chinese nationalist in favor of? END
START what are chinese socialists suspicious of? END
START why is china's government not similar to unity structure? END
START how long has china been without centralized power? END
START what type of state is the philippines? END
START what types of powers does the philippines have? END
START what type of modifications been added to the philippines constitution?  END
START what did president gloria macapagal arroyo establish? END
START what type of state isn't the philippines? END
START what types of powers does the philippines give up? END
START what type of modifications have been removed from the philippines constitution?  END
START what type of songs have been added to the philippines constitution?  END
START what did president gloria macapagal arroyo desolve? END
START what type of state is spain? END
START what type of federalism system does spain have? END
START what type of government does spain have? END
START what does spain's government accounts for? END
START what type of state isn't spain? END
START what type of federalism system does spain reject? END
START what type of communism system does spain have? END
START what type of government doesn't spain have? END
START what does spain's government not account for? END
START how has united kingdom been governed? END
START instead of the uk adopting the federalist model, what did they do? END
START when did devolution in the uk begin? END
START what is ireland act 1914? END
START what is irish free state? END
START how has united kingdom not been governed? END
START instead of the uk adopting the federalist model, what didn't they do? END
START when did revolution in the uk begin? END
START what isn't ireland act 1914? END
START what is irish cost state? END
START what has the process of devolution in the uk did? END
START what happened since 1997? END
START does england have its own parliament? END
START what does the region of england continue to use? END
START what has the process of revolution in the uk did? END
START what has the process of devolution in the us did? END
START what happened since 1979? END
START why does england have its own parliament? END
START what doesn't the region of england continue to use? END
START what is ecclesiology? END
START what happens in presbyterian denominations? END
START in political federalism what does presbyterian ecclesiology do? END
START what does each greater level of assembly have? END
START what isn't ecclesiology? END
START what doesn't happen in presbyterian denominations? END
START in political federalism what does presbyterian ecclesiology not do? END
START in political communism what does presbyterian ecclesiology do? END
START what does each lesser level of assembly have? END
START when was the earliest source of political federalism according to christians? END
START what was the structure that the early christian church described? END
START what happens in the council of jerusalem? END
START where can the elements of federalism can be found? END
START when was the latest source of political federalism according to christians? END
START when was the earliest source of political federalism according to muslims? END
START where was the structure that the late christian church described? END
START what never happens in the council of jerusalem? END
START where can't the elements of federalism can be found? END
START in nearly all federalism countries, central powers enjoy what? END
START per the un definition, what is federalism? END
START what is the german empire? END
START what is the libson treaty? END
START in nearly all federalism countries, decentralized powers enjoy what? END
START in nearly no federalism countries, central powers enjoy what? END
START per the us definition, what is federalism? END
START what isn't the german empire? END
START what isn't the libson treaty? END
START what kind of symmetry do annelids have? END
START what do annelids use to move? END
START which subtype of annelids includes most marine worms? END
START which subtype of annelids includes earthworms? END
START since 1997, what are leeches seen as a subgroup of? END
START what kind of symmetry do annelids lack? END
START what do annelids use to fly? END
START which subtype of annelids includes most space worms? END
START which subtype of annelids includes marsworms? END
START what are leeches seen as a subgroup of since 1897? END
START what separates many annelids' segments? END
START which annelids show no segmentation? END
START what end of annelids with well-developed segmentation has muscles that act like hearts? END
START what is movement by ripples called? END
START what movement method do some burrowing annelids use? END
START what integrates many annelids' segments? END
START which annelids show only segmentation? END
START what end of annelids with well-developed segmentation have muscles that act like brains? END
START what is movement by ripples no longer called? END
START what movement method do some extinct annelids use? END
START how do annelids normally reproduce? END
START what can asexual reproduction techniques help annelids do? END
START what larvae live like plankton? END
START what annelids are hermaphrodites? END
START what annelids make a cocoon in a ring around themselves? END
START how do annelids never reproduce? END
START what can asexual reproduction techniques prevent annelids from doing? END
START what larvae live like whales? END
START what annelids dislike hermaphrodites? END
START what annelids make a cocoon in a pyramid around themselves? END
START how do earthworms help the soil they live in? END
START how much of near-shore marine annelids are burrowing? END
START how do burrowing marine annelids help ocean ecosystems? END
START what annelids' jaws are being studied by engineers? END
START why are some leeches endangered? END
START how do earthworms ruin the soil they live in? END
START how much of near-shore aerial annelids are burrowing? END
START how do burrowing marine annelids remove ocean ecosystems? END
START what annelids' ears are being studied by engineers? END
START why are no leeches endangered? END
START why are annelid fossils rare? END
START what fossil signs of annelids are found? END
START how old is the earliest annelid fossil? END
START what types of annelids appeared 299 million years ago? END
START what period started around 472 million years ago? END
START why are annelid fossils common? END
START what fossil signs of annelids can no longer be found? END
START how old is the oldest living annelid? END
START what types of annelids disappeared 299 million years ago? END
START what period started around 372 million years ago? END
START what externally divides annelids' segments? END
START what divides annelids' segments internally? END
START what do the segments of an annelid share? END
START what covers an annelid's exterior? END
START what is an annelid's cuticle made of? END
START what externally combines annelids' segments? END
START what combines annelids' segments internally? END
START what do the segments of an annelid lack? END
START what conceals an annelid's exterior? END
START what is an annelid's cuticle made into? END
START what language does the term 'chaetae' come from? END
START what does 'chaetae' mean? END
START which parts of annelids are different from true segments? END
START what language does 'prostomium' come from? END
START what does 'pygidium' mean? END
START what language is the term 'chaetae' banned in? END
START what does 'chaetae' no longer mean? END
START which parts of annelids are different from fake segments? END
START what kind of annelid has four true segments? END
START how are the layers arranged in annelids' cuticles? END
START what are annelids' cuticles made out of? END
START what do non-cuticle annelids use to protect their skin? END
START what layer is under the epidermis? END
START what does 'coelom' mean? END
START how are the eyes arranged in annelids' cuticles? END
START what are annelids' brain made out of? END
START what do non-cuticle annelids use to protect their offspring? END
START what annelid is under the epidermis? END
START what do chetoblast cells do? END
START what hair-like extensions do chetoblasts make? END
START what are setae? END
START what are parapodia against? END
START what do chetoblast cells destroy? END
START what hair-like extensions do chetoblasts eat? END
START what are setae never considered? END
START what are cirri? END
START what kind of parapodia do burrowing annelids often have? END
START what type of annelids have limb-like parapodia? END
START what are parapodia? END
START where are cirri never found? END
START what kind of parapodia do aerial annelids often have? END
START what type of annelids have dream-like parapodia? END
START what are parapodia no longer considered? END
START what are ganglia? END
START what is an annelid's brain in a ring around? END
START what is a pharynx? END
START where are clitellates' brains? END
START where are polychaetes' brains? END
START what is an annelid's brain in a sphere around? END
START where are clitellates' teeth? END
START where are polychaetes' bodies? END
START what is rarely "ladder-like"? END
START what nerve cords are never fused in polychaetes? END
START what species group are annelids' muscle control similar to? END
START what are giant axons? END
START how do annelids withdraw from danger? END
START what species group are annelids' mind control similar to? END
START what do giant axons destroy? END
START how do annelids increase danger? END
START what worms are very slow to retreat from danger? END
START what kind of things can annelids' sensors detect? END
START what does 'nuchal' mean? END
START what type of annelids have nuchal organs? END
START what are the nuchal organs thought to do? END
START what term means 'little eyes'? END
START what kind of things can annelids' sensors remove? END
START what type of annelids have human organs? END
START what are nuchal organs thought to kill? END
START what term means 'massive eyes'? END
START what are coelomata? END
START what are annelids' body cavities separated from other segments by? END
START what are annelids' body cavities separated from each other by? END
START what is the mesothelium made of? END
START what are coelomata removed from? END
START what are annelids' body cavities combined with other segments by? END
START what are annelids' body cavities separated from eyes by? END
START what is the mesothelium never made of? END
START how does peristalsis work? END
START why are annelids' segments like water-balloons? END
START what are phrynges? END
START what are cilia? END
START how does peristalsis stop working? END
START why are annelids' segments like helium-balloons? END
START what are often complete in annelids? END
START what do not have throats? END
START what can coelomocyte cells defend against? END
START what type of pigment is dissolved in annelids' blood? END
START what runs the length of annelids' bodies with well-developed septa? END
START what do annelids without septa have to use for circulation? END
START what can coelomocyte cells heal? END
START what type of pigment is created in annelids' blood? END
START what runs the length of annelids' brains with well-developed septa? END
START what do annelids with septa have to use for blood? END
START what type of annelids are very different from others? END
START what type of tissue takes up most of the body of a leech? END
START how many coelomata do leeches have? END
START what lines the coelomata of leeches? END
START what do leeches use to move? END
START what type of annelids are very identical to others? END
START what type of tissue eats most of the body of a leech? END
START how many brains do leeches have? END
START what lines the bones of leeches? END
START what do leeches use to fly? END
START what does 'everted' mean? END
START what part of a polychaete can be everted? END
START what types of annelids have evolved jaws? END
START what do annelids use jaws for? END
START what do some annelids have 'crowns' of? END
START what part of a polychaete can be inverted? END
START what types of annelids are missing jaws? END
START what do annelids use robots for? END
START what do some annelids have 'trophies' of? END
START what type of annelids are tube-dwelling? END
START what blocks the siboglinidae's gut? END
START how much of a siboglinidae's weight is symbiotic bacteria? END
START what gases come from hydrothermal vents? END
START what gases come from seeps? END
START what type of annelids are brain-dwelling? END
START what blocks the siboglinidae's blood? END
START how much of a siboglinidae's consciousness is symbiotic bacteria? END
START what liquids come from hydrothermal bottles? END
START what foods come from seeps? END
START what do metanephridia remove? END
START what do annelids without blood vessels do to remove waste? END
START how many stages are there in annelids' waste filtration? END
START what annelid system combines both filtration states in one organ? END
START what do metanephridia produce? END
START what do annelids without blood vessels do to increase waste? END
START how many stages are there in annelids' water filtration? END
START what annelid system combines both filtration states in eight organs? END
START how many sexes of annelids were there originally? END
START what releases sperm from annelids? END
START what do annelid eggs become? END
START what do annelids' larvae live like? END
START what does the trochophore become when annelids mature? END
START what releases sperm from annelids eyes? END
START what do annelid eggs explode inside? END
START what do annelids' larvae like to eat? END
START what does the trochophore become when annelids die? END
START how many species of polychaetes have known lifecycles? END
START what percent of polychaetes produce yolk-rich eggs? END
START what is the benefit of yolk-rich eggs? END
START what are most polychaetes' eggs covered in? END
START how many species of polychaetes have impossible lifecycles? END
START what percent of polychaetes produce milk? END
START what is the benefit of rotten eggs? END
START what are all polychaetes' eggs covered in? END
START what do some non-single-sex polychaetes do? END
START what are most polychaetes lacking for reproduction? END
START how do some annelids get a one-time chance at a better spawning spot? END
START what do all non-single-sex polychaetes do? END
START what are no polychaetes lacking for reproduction? END
START how do some annelids get a three-time chance at a better spawning spot? END
START how many polychaetes breed an infinite amount of times? END
START what annelid group includes leeches and earthworms? END
START what type of sex are most earthworms? END
START where are leeches' eggs fertilized? END
START where do leeches move their eggs to? END
START what type of annelids hatch as miniature adults? END
START what annelid group dislikes leeches and earthworms? END
START what type of creature are most earthworms? END
START where are leeches' gardens fertilized? END
START where do leeches eat their eggs? END
START what type of annelids hatch as giant adults? END
START who published a book about worms in 1881? END
START what was the first scientific study of how earthworms help soil? END
START where do earthworms prefer to live on the surface? END
START how does burrowers' loosening help the soil? END
START what is the largest bird that eats earthworms? END
START who published a book about worms in 1781? END
START what was the only scientific study of how earthworms help soil? END
START where do earthworms prefer to live in space? END
START how does burrowers' tightening help the soil? END
START what is the only bird that can eat earthworms? END
START where were native earthworms killed by glaciers? END
START where did most of the current earthworms in glacial areas come from? END
START what type of forests can be hurt by invasive worms? END
START where were asian earthworms killed by glaciers? END
START where did all of the current earthworms in glacial areas come from? END
START what type of forests are immune to invasive worms? END
START what are no longer considered an invasive species? END
START what type of annelid tunnels through coral? END
START what annelid's rear end do samoans like to eat? END
START what type of bait do experienced anglers prefer? END
START what do some polychaetes eat that has been causing problems? END
START what type of worm have there been proposals to farm? END
START what type of annelid tunnels through gold? END
START what annelid's rear end do samoans like to drink? END
START what type of bait do experienced anglers dislike? END
START what do some polychaetes eat that is harmless? END
START what type of worm have there been proposals to kill? END
START when did leeches begin being used for blood-letting? END
START where did leeches begin being used for blood-letting? END
START when did rome begin using leeches? END
START when did india begin using leeches? END
START which organizations list hirudo medicinalis as endangered? END
START where did leeches begin being used for blood transfusions? END
START when did russia begin using leeches? END
START which organizations list hirudo medicinalis as extinct? END
START when did india stop using leeches? END
START when did cloudina exist? END
START what do some people think cloudina should be called instead of an annelid? END
START how old were the fossils of canadia and burgessochaeta found in canada? END
START what era was underway 505 million years ago? END
START where was myoscolex found? END
START when did cloudina disappear? END
START what do all people think cloudina should be called instead of an annelid? END
START how old were the fossils of canadia and burgessochaeta found in australia? END
START where was myoscolex unknown? END
START when did the tertiary period begin? END
START what era did oligochaetes evolve in? END
START what type of annelid fossils have been found from the mid ordovician period? END
START when were the earliest annelid fossils found? END
START when did the tertiary period stop existing? END
START what era did oligochaetes devolve in? END
START what type of annelid fossils have been lost during the mid ordovician period? END
START when were the only annelid fossils found? END
START what two groups are annelids traditionally divided among? END
START what subtype of clitellates contains earthworms? END
START what subtype of clitellates contains leeches? END
START how many polychaete families are there? END
START when did greg rouse begin trying to categorize polychaetes? END
START what three groups are annelids traditionally divided among? END
START what subtype of clitellates contains spaceworms? END
START what subtype of clitellates contains lemurs? END
START how many polychaete political parties are there? END
START when did greg rouse begin trying to categorize planets? END
START who compared annelid genes in 2007? END
START how many annelid genes did torsten struck first compare? END
START how many annelid genes did torsten struck compare for a cross-check? END
START what subtypes of polychaetes were useless classifications, according to the 2007 study? END
START what did rouse decide leeches were a subgroup of? END
START who compared annelid genes in 1807? END
START how many annelid genes did torsten struck first discover? END
START how many annelid genes did torsten struck never compare for a cross-check? END
START what subtypes of polychaetes were useless classifications, according to the 1997 study? END
START what did rouse decide leeches were a supergroup of? END
START how many previously-separate phyla did the 2007 study reclassify? END
START what did the 2007 study decide was the parent group for annelids? END
START what offshoots of polychaetes are unsegmented? END
START what offshoots of polychaetes are only segmented in the rear? END
START what nervous system structure is less univeral among annelids than was thought before 2007? END
START how many previously-separate phyla did the 1837 study reclassify? END
START what did the 2007 study decide was the slave group for annelids? END
START what offshoots of polychaetes are immortal? END
START what offshoots of polychaetes are only segmented in the head? END
START what nervous system structure is less universal among annelids than was thought before 1907? END
START what superphylum are annelids in? END
START what is the other superphylum besides protostomes? END
START what superphylum are vertebrates in? END
START what does 'articulata' mean? END
START what are lophophores? END
START what superphylum are annelids now excluded from? END
START what is one of many superphylums besides protostomes? END
START what superpower are vertebrates in? END
START what are lophosmores? END
START which lophotrochozoa phyla have similar egg development? END
START how do the cells of lophotrochozoa eggs arrange themselves? END
START what is the lophotrochozoa spiral egg-cell pattern sometimes called? END
START which lophotrochozoa phyla have no egg development? END
START how do the cells of lophotrochozoa eggs destroy themselves? END
START what is the lophotrochozoa spiral egg-cell pattern required to be called? END
START what animal contains no cells? END
START what phyla is no longer able to make eggs? END
