START how far back does evidence of inhabitation date back END
START  what did the roman emperor claudius decide  END
START what was built along the rhine  END
START how many soldiers did the fortress hold  END
START who settled near the fort  END
START what area area was first settled in the stone age? END
START what area was first inhabited during the bronze age? END
START what was first built in 50 bce END
START what was built to expand the borders durng the reign of claudius? END
START where were the soldiers and their wives housed? END
START who raided german territories regularly  END
START when did the romans leave utrecht END
START what happens between 275 and 650 END
START what was built in the 7th century  END
START how was the the church destroyed  END
START who started invading roman territories during the mid 300's? END
START who abandoned utrecht in the 2nd century? END
START who ruled the franks in the 700's? END
START wat was built inside the roman fortress in the 700's? END
START who tried to convert frisians END
START who did the pope appoint bishop END
START what did charles martel do  END
START what year did utrecht gain in power  END
START what showed the importance of utrecht END
START who tried to convert the frisians in the 700's? END
START who gave the fortress at utrecht to the bishops? END
START what city fell in the 8th century? END
START what hapend when frankish rulers established the system of feudalism END
START what was part of the territory of bishopric  END
START what conflict affected utrecht END
START who was in conflict with the prince bishopric  END
START what region was seized  END
START what system ended the prince-bishops? END
START who's territory extended to the west? END
START what conflicts did utrecht manage to stay out of? END
START who were the allies of the prince-bishopric? END
START what was the most dominant cathedral in utrecht END
START what began in 1254  END
START was the cathedral finished  END
START how many collegiate churches existed in utecht besides the cathedral END
START what else was housed in the city  END
START what was utrecht built around? END
START construction on what church began in the 12th century? END
START what part of the chathedral of saint martin was finished in the 13th century? END
START when was construction completed on the cathedral of saint martin? END
START what church were demolished in the 1600's END
START what did utrecht's location allow  END
START who granted utrecht city rights  END
START what was the relationship with the bishop like for citizens of utrecht END
START what industry did the bishop hurt  END
START what allowed utrecht to become a major global trading center? END
START when henry the vii grant utrecht city rights END
START what was utrecht granted in the 11th century? END
START what river did merchants dam? END
START what year did the bishop lose power  END
START what did charles v combine  END
START what did the loss of power end  END
START what was the bishop of utrecht raised to  END
START who lost power in the 15th century? END
START who replaced the bishop? END
START what bishopric was raised archbishopric in the 15th century? END
START what was the religious center of norther europe? END
START why was the transition to a new union difficult  END
START what was the purpose of the castle  END
START how long did the castle last  END
START how was the transition from part of a large union to independence taken? END
START who tried to exert power over the bishop? END
START who prefered the authority of the bishop to charles v? END
START how long did it take to build the castle? END
START what was signed in 1579  END
START what is this union seen as  END
START what became the dominant province  END
START what was the state of utrecht  END
START who signed the union of utrecht in the 15th century? END
START who opposed spanish rule in the 15th century? END
START what union ended the dutch republic? END
START what did the bishopric abolish? END
START who did the fortified city fall to in 1672  END
START in 1674 what hit utrecht  END
START what collapsed during the tornado  END
START what did utrecht host in 1713  END
START since 1723 what has utrecht become  END
START who did the city fall to in the 16th century? END
START who left the city in 1674? END
START what natural disaister struck in the late 16th century? END
START what did utrecht host in the 17th century? END
START what did uterecht become the center of in the 17th century? END
START what hapend in the early 19th century END
START in 1843 what brought growth to utrecht  END
START what was reinstated in 1853  END
START what was built in the 1920's and 1930's  END
START what became obsolete in the 1900's? END
START what was moved to allow for expansion? END
START what connected utrecht to amsterdam in the 18th century? END
START what made amsterdam the main hub of the dutch railway? END
START what did rietveld build in the 19th century? END
START what was railway area developed into  END
START what mall was constructed  END
START what happened in the early 21 st century  END
START who's ideas were used to develop central utrecht? END
START what mall was built over part of the old canal system? END
START what followed the completion of the new center city buildings? END
START what opened in the 20th century? END
START what socio economic problems does utrecht face  END
START percentage of population that's dutch  END
START what boroughs are known for high crime  END
START what percentage of the netherland's population is of dutch ancestory? END
START what percentage of the the netherlands population id immigrants from western countries? END
START what is 17% of the population dependdent on? END
START what boroughs are known for development and low crime? END
START what does the dense population make difficult  END
START least populates areas of utrecht  END
START more populated areas include  END
START what is the population of the original bishopric? END
START what is the population of near by municipalities? END
START what is the population of the netherlands? END
START what dominates the cityscape END
START what is being debated in utrecht END
START what is the name of the stadium  END
START what is the tallest building in the netherlands? END
START what tower is 112 ft tall? END
START what tower was completed int he 20th century? END
START what addition to the dom towerwill make increase its height to 120m? END
START what is a landmark in the city  END
START what does the inner city look like  END
START what surrounds the mid-evil inner city  END
START what part of the city remains open  END
START what canal parralels the course of the rhine? END
START what creates multilevel canal? END
START what medieval structure has largely collapsed? END
START what was moved east in the 1900's? END
START what is the main railway station  END
START does the rail station provide 24 hour service END
START are there rail services to germany  END
START where to regular local trains provide service  END
START what is the main railway station of the netherlands? END
START when did the dutch railway museum open? END
START what station opened in 1939? END
START where is the bus station located  END
START renovations are causing what changes  END
START what is qbuzz END
START what is one of europes cleanest  END
START what is located across from utrecht central railway station? END
START what has renvation on the bus station caused? END
START who uses electric buses for all local bus routes? END
START what type of bus does arriva use for inner city transport? END
START what does utrecht provide for cyclist  END
START what is a barrow bikes use  END
START utrecht built the worlds largest what ? END
START what percentage of journey's dutch cities are by bicycle? END
START what accounts for 30% of trips in dutch cities? END
START what will construction begin on in 2018? END
START when did the city council decide to prohibit parking bikes in the city center? END
START is utrecht connected to the dutch road system END
START what countries do the a12 and a2 connect END
START what does traffic elevate  END
START what two roads connect utrecht to the rest of europe? END
START what limits the amount of traffic in the city? END
START what does utrecht's economy  depend on  END
START what is centered in utrecht  END
START what bank is head quartered in utrecht  END
START for what city is the production industry a large part of the economy? END
START where is the center of the eu railway located? END
START what is the largest brick building in europe? END
START what resulted in a ufo on the side of the de inktpot in the 20th century? END
START what is the name of the large shopping center  END
START how are the shopping center corridors treated  END
START what is being recreated  END
START what is located on the west side of the rail station END
START what shopping center is located in the city center? END
START what streets are open all night? END
START what is planned to be renovated every 20 years? END
START what is one of the largest convention centres in europe? END
START what is the largest university in the city  END
START what is shanghai jiaotong rated  END
START what smaller university is in utrecht END
START what university was established in the 16th century? END
START what is the largest university in europe? END
START how many university students were in the netherlands in 2012? END
START what was shanghai jiaotong university ranked in 2014? END
START cultural life in utrecht is second to  END
START what music festival does utrecht host  END
START what is the name of the music hall  END
START where are music students educated  END
START ultrecht has the most active what in the netherlannds? END
START who built the main city theater in the 19th century? END
START what festival is held for music of the 1800's END
START what music hall has the best acoustics in the world? END
START where are young artist trained  END
START is street art legal  END
START what is considered landmark architecture  END
START what form of art became legal in 2004? END
START what house was built in the 19th century? END
START what illistrator is famouse for creating a gnome with a red hat? END
START what does the city host on sundays  END
START what happens on cultural sunday  END
START what does the city subsidise END
START what type of coupon does the city provide the poor  END
START what does the city host for visitors. END
START what does the city subsidize for tourists? END
START what does the city coucil provide to students? END
START what education does the national government subsidize? END
START what football team is utrecht home to END
START what utrecht waterways host to  END
START what is kampong  END
START what sports does kampong support  END
START what is the largest amature sportsclub in europe? END
START what sports are offered at europes largest sportsclub? END
START what student clubs are open to the general public? END
START what stadium does the varsity football team play at? END
START the agreement between the nazis and the soviets split what countries up? END
START who invaded poland after the nazi’s? END
START which countries were taken over by the soviets? END
START who broke the agreement with the invasion of bukovina? END
START salla is located in what country? END
START he disagreement between the nazis and the soviets split what countries up? END
START he agreement between the nazis and the soviets split what cities up? END
START who invaded poland before the nazi’s? END
START which countries weren't taken over by the soviets? END
START salla isn't located in what country? END
START the regions of białystok, galicia and przemyśl were returned to what country after world war ii? END
START what regions remained part of the soviet union? END
START after world war ii, what regions remain part of ukraine? END
START the regions of białystok, galicia and przemyśl were kept from what country after world war ii? END
START the regions of białystok, galicia and przemyśl were returned to what country before world war ii? END
START what regions never remained part of the soviet union? END
START before world war ii, what regions remain part of ukraine? END
START after world war i, what regions remain part of ukraine? END
START lenin acknowledged the independence of which countries? END
START what agreement gave germany many regions of russia in the first world war? END
START when did the russian civil war take place? END
START lenin never acknowledged the independence of which countries? END
START lenin acknowledged the dependence of which countries? END
START what agreement gave germany many regions of russia in the second world war? END
START what agreement gave germany no of russia in the first world war? END
START when did the russian civil war not take place? END
START who was to blame for communism and capitalism? END
START what reduced germany’s need for soviet goods? END
START which political group created problems between the soviet and german governments? END
START who wasn't to blame for communism and capitalism? END
START what increased germany’s need for soviet goods? END
START what reduced germany’s need for american tanks? END
START which political group removed problems between the soviet and german governments? END
START which political group created an alliance between the soviet and german governments? END
START what countries prevented the soviets from joining the munich conference? END
START who was the english politician who appeased germany with the take over of czechoslovakia END
START the soviets suspected that nazi-soviet conflicts would result in what? END
START what countries helped the soviets from joining the munich conference? END
START what countries prevented the germans from joining the munich conference? END
START who was the english politician who opposed germany with the take over of czechoslovakia END
START who was the french politician who appeased germany with the take over of czechoslovakia END
START the soviets suspected that nazi-soviet conflicts would never result in what? END
START during conflict, what would prevent transport of materials? END
START between german and the soviet union which country needed military machinery?  END
START who believed they needed a supply line from the soviet union to sustain another war?  END
START during conflict, what wouldn't prevent transport of materials? END
START during non-conflict, what would prevent transport of materials? END
START between german and the soviet union which country never needed what?  END
START who believed they never needed a supply line from the soviet union to sustain another war?  END
START who believed they needed a supply line from the soviet union to avoid another war?  END
START why did the soviet government fear the governments of france and britain? END
START why did western power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war? END
START what country was at war with japan in china prior to world war ii? END
START who was afraid of a pact between germany and the soviet governments? END
START why didn't the soviet government fear the governments of france and britain? END
START why did the soviet government embrace the governments of france and britain? END
START why did eastern power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war? END
START what country was at war with japan in china prior to world war i? END
START who embraced of a pact between germany and the soviet governments? END
START who predicted soviet aggression in the baltic region? END
START what month did the tripartite discussions begin between britain, ussr and france? END
START which country is blamed for the tripartite discussion to stagnate and fail? END
START who never predicted soviet aggression in the baltic region? END
START who predicted soviet aggression in the atlantic region? END
START what month didn't the tripartite discussions begin between britain, ussr and france? END
START what month did the tripartite discussions end between britain, ussr and france? END
START which country is blamed for the tripartite discussion to thrive? END
START which soviet foreign minister lost his job because of his favorable attitude towards the west? END
START which two countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1930’s treaty with each other? END
START which two countries positioned themselves to broker an new trade agreement? END
START which soviet foreign minister kept his job because of his favorable attitude towards the west? END
START which soviet foreign minister lost his job because of his unfavorable attitude towards the west? END
START which two countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1920’s treaty with each other? END
START which three countries positioned themselves to broker a deal returning to a pre-1930’s treaty with each other? END
START which two countries positioned themselves to broker an old trade agreement? END
START why did poland deny the proposal of the soviet union protecting them from a german attack? END
START in what city did the tripartite military talks occur during the month of august? END
START who did not want their country protected by the soviet military? END
START why did poland accept the proposal of the soviet union protecting them from a german attack? END
START why did poland deny the proposal of the soviet union protecting them from a english attack? END
START in what city did the bipartite military talks occur during the month of august? END
START in what city did the tripartite military talks occur during the month of july? END
START who wanted their country protected by the soviet military? END
START what was the german-soviet dividing line in regards to annexing poland? END
START how many days after the german-soviet agreement were the tripartite discussions ceased? END
START what other countries did the soviet government agree to annex through the agreement with germany? END
START what was the german-soviet dividing line in regards to leaving poland? END
START what was the russian-soviet dividing line in regards to leaving poland? END
START what other countries didn't the soviet government agree to annex through the agreement with germany? END
START what other countries did the soviet government disagree to annex through the agreement with germany? END
START what other countries did the soviet government agree to annex through the disagreement with germany? END
START which foreign minister would agree to meet with stalin on to sign a secret agreement?  END
START how long was the secret agreement between germany and the soviets? END
START part of the secret agreement between the germans and the soviets included a neutral diplomatic approach when? END
START which foreign minister wouldn't agree to meet with stalin on to sign a secret agreement?  END
START which foreign minister would disagree to meet with stalin on to sign a secret agreement?  END
START how long was the public agreement between germany and the soviets? END
START part of the public agreement between the germans and the soviets included a neutral diplomatic approach when? END
START part of the secret agreement between the germans and the soviets excluded a neutral diplomatic approach when? END
START what country held the city vilnius prior to the inter-war period?  END
START what country would reclaim the city of vilnius? END
START what rivers would the soviet union claim as their own during the invasion of poland? END
START who would claim lithuania under their political umbrella? END
START bessarabia eventually became under the control of which country? END
START what country held the city vilnius after to the inter-war period?  END
START what country wouldn't reclaim the city of vilnius? END
START what rivers wouldn't the soviet union claim as their own during the invasion of poland? END
START who wouldn't claim lithuania under their political umbrella? END
START bessarabia eventually never became under the control of which country? END
START which diplomat leaked information about the secret agreements? END
START which ally of germany was most surprised by the signing of the agreement? END
START how long had the tripartite discussions been taking place? END
START which diplomat never leaked information about the secret agreements? END
START which diplomat leaked information about the public agreements? END
START which ally of germany was least surprised by the signing of the agreement? END
START which ally of germany was most surprised by the scrapping of the agreement? END
START how long hadn't the tripartite discussions been taking place? END
START who downplayed the contrast and recent past history between german and the soviets? END
START how long did the anti-nazi propaganda machine run before the pact-signing? END
START a war with the ussr was considered certain according to whom? END
START who up-played the contrast and recent past history between german and the soviets? END
START who downplayed the contrast and recent past history between england and the soviets? END
START how long did the anti-soviet propaganda machine run before the pact-signing? END
START a war with the ussr wasn't considered certain according to whom? END
START a war with the ussr was considered uncertain according to whom? END
START what was the response of  kliment voroshilov in regards to further conversations with britain and france? END
START who should accept the annexation of poland? END
START by accepting the deal with the ussr, hitler admitted that it prevented what? END
START what was the response of kliment voroshilov in regards to no further conversations with britain and france? END
START what was the response of kliment voroshilov in regards to further conversations without britain and france? END
START who shouldn't accept the annexation of poland? END
START who should deny the annexation of poland? END
START by rejecting the deal with the ussr, hitler admitted that it prevented what? END
START how did the russians communicate to the germans in regards to bombing civilians trying to flee cities? END
START what day did german invade poland? END
START how long did the germans massacre polish and jewish civilians?  END
START how didn't the russians communicate to the germans in regards to bombing civilians trying to flee cities? END
START how did the russians communicate to the germans in regards to bombing soldiers trying to flee cities? END
START what day did german leave poland? END
START what day did german invade france? END
START how long didn't the germans massacre polish and jewish civilians?  END
START why did soviets create fake elections in poland? END
START where did the nazi and russian leaders meet to discuss what to do with poland? END
START where were cooperative military parades held? END
START why did soviets create real elections in poland? END
START why didn't soviets create fake elections in poland? END
START where did the nazi and russian leaders meet to discuss what not to do with poland? END
START where weren't cooperative military parades held? END
START where were cooperative military parades not held? END
START after amending the joint agreement, who received the larger portion of lithuania? END
START what was the amended joint agreement called? END
START how long after the annexation of kresy was the amendment made? END
START after amending the joint agreement, who received the smaller portion of lithuania? END
START after amending the joint agreement, who never received the larger portion of lithuania? END
START what was the amended joint agreement not called? END
START how long after the annexation of kresy wasn't the amendment made? END
START how long before the annexation of kresy was the amendment made? END
START the soviets took over and setup a fake government in what country? END
START how long did the finnish military last during the invasion by the soviets? END
START although officially, the number of soviets wounded during the invasion of finland was around 200,000, who said the real numbers may have been closer to a million? END
START how many finnish people lost their homes? END
START the soviets took over and setup a real government in what country? END
START how long did the finnish military last before the invasion by the soviets? END
START how long didn't the finnish military last during the invasion by the soviets? END
START although unofficially, the number of soviets wounded during the invasion of finland was around 200,000, who said the real numbers may have been closer to a million? END
START how many finnish people kept their homes? END
START who invaded the countries of lithuania, estonia and latvia?  END
START what region of lithuania was to be turned over to the nazis? END
START of the three countries invaded, which lost the least amount of people through deportation or loss of life? END
START how did these countries become part of the ussr? END
START who left the countries of lithuania, estonia and latvia?  END
START what region of lithuania wasn't to be turned over to the nazis? END
START what region of lithuania was to be turned over to the french? END
START of the three countries invaded, which lost the most amount of people through deportation or loss of life? END
START how didn't these countries become part of the ussr? END
START how many days after france sued for peace did the romanians meet the requests of the ussr? END
START what month did france sue for peace? END
START how many days did it take for the romanians give into the soviets requests? END
START how many days after france sued for peace did the romanians reject the requests of the ussr? END
START what month didn't france sue for peace? END
START what month did france sue for war? END
START how many days didn't it take for the romanians give into the soviets requests? END
START how many days did it take for the romanians reject the soviets requests? END
START who were the “intelligentia?”  END
START how long did liquidation occur? END
START  how many intelligentia were killed during operation ab-akiton? END
START who weren't the “intelligentia?”  END
START how long didn't liquidation occur? END
START how long did liquidation stop? END
START how many intelligentia were saved during operation ab-akiton? END
START how many intelligentia were killed during operation ba-akiton? END
START how many jews were forced to live within the warsaw ghetto?  END
START how many jews died in the warsa ghetto? END
START which group of people were considered inferior? END
START how many polish people were used in labor camps? END
START how many people are believed to have died in auschwitz? END
START how many jews were forced to live outside of the warsaw ghetto?  END
START how many jews survived in the warsa ghetto? END
START which group of people were considered superior? END
START how many polish people weren't used in labor camps? END
START how many people are believed to have lived in auschwitz? END
START how much did the transfer of the lithuanian strip cost the soviet union? END
START how long did germans have to relocate from the baltic states after the amendment of secret protocols? END
START how long did the russians have to relocate from the german occupied regions? END
START how long did the amendment extend the trade agreements? END
START how much didn't the transfer of the lithuanian strip cost the soviet union? END
START how long didn't germans have to relocate from the baltic states after the amendment of secret protocols? END
START how long did germans have to relocate from the baltic states before the amendment of secret protocols? END
START how long didn't the russians have to relocate from the german occupied regions? END
START how long did the amendment reject the trade agreements? END
START who was part of hollywood ten? END
START who was the leader of the american communist party? END
START who protested the involvement of britain and france in a war with germany? END
START who wasn't part of hollywood ten? END
START who was part of hollywood nine? END
START who was the follower of the american communist party? END
START who accepted the involvement of britain and france in a war with germany? END
START who protested the involvement of britain and france in a treaty with germany? END
START the western communists new rhetoric was that the war was?  END
START the western communists claimed the war was what? END
START french communists voted for what? END
START where did maurice thorez go after deserting the army? END
START the eastern communists new rhetoric was that the war was?  END
START the western communists old rhetoric was that the war was?  END
START french communists voted against what? END
START where didn't maurice thorez go after deserting the army? END
START where did maurice thorez go after joining the army? END
START who wanted war with the soviet union? END
START who publicly wanted peace with soviet union END
START the british army was considered to be what by walter ulbricbht? END
START who rejected war with the soviet union? END
START who wanted war with the nazis? END
START who privately wanted peace with soviet union END
START who publicly wanted war with soviet union END
START the british army wasn't considered to be what by walter ulbricbht? END
START who refused a german-soviet peace plan? END
START why was the west creating a war? END
START who provides rhetoric points for the soviet propaganda? END
START who refused a german-soviet war plan? END
START who accepted a german-soviet peace plan? END
START why was the east creating a war? END
START why was the west creating peace? END
START who provides rhetoric points against the soviet propaganda? END
START what was the title of molotov’s report called? END
START according to molotov, what was the goal of the west? END
START under what guise does the west perform their international policing? END
START what wasn't the title of molotov’s report called? END
START what was the title of stalin’s report called? END
START according to molotov, what wasn't the goal of the west? END
START according to molotov, what was the goal of the east? END
START under what guise does the east perform their international policing? END
START how much more expansive was the newest trade agreement? END
START what was the trade route between german and the soviet union? END
START where were the soybeans coming from? END
START  what famous ship was the soviet union getting the plans for? END
START how many new airplanes were the soviets getting in this agreement? END
START how much more expansive was the oldest trade agreement? END
START what wasn't the trade route between german and the soviet union? END
START where weren't the soybeans coming from? END
START what unknown ship was the soviet union getting the plans for? END
START how many old airplanes were the soviets getting in this agreement? END
START what did the germans use to avoid british blockades? END
START where was the sub base located? END
START which oceans did the sub base provide access to? END
START what didn't the germans use to avoid british blockades? END
START where wasn't the sub base located? END
START where was the plane base located? END
START which oceans didn't the sub base provide access to? END
START which oceans did the sub base restrict access to? END
START who wanted to know the moment an anti-german bloc was to form? END
START why did the germans distrust the soviet agenda? END
START what caused distrust between the german and soviet governments? END
START who wanted to know the moment an pro-german bloc was to form? END
START who never wanted to know the moment an anti-german bloc was to form? END
START why didn't the germans distrust the soviet agenda? END
START why did the germans trust the soviet agenda? END
START what brought trust between the german and soviet governments? END
START who stopped the trade because of a disagreement involving romania? END
START what regions were redrawn in effort to improve relations between germany and the soviets? END
START who started refining romanian oil? END
START who started the trade because of a disagreement involving romania? END
START who stopped the trade because of an agreement involving romania? END
START what regions weren't redrawn in effort to improve relations between germany and the soviets? END
START what regions were redrawn in effort to deteriorate relations between germany and the soviets? END
START who ended refining romanian oil? END
START what countries agreed to a tripartisan agreement? END
START which foreign minister proposed that the soviets should join this agreement of axis powers? END
START who would the axis powers oppose in the new agreement? END
START what countries disagreed to a tripartisan agreement? END
START what countries agreed to a bipartisan agreement? END
START which foreign minister proposed that the soviets should reject this agreement of axis powers? END
START which foreign minister proposed that the soviets should join this disagreement of axis powers? END
START who would the axis powers approve in the new agreement? END
START who was planning an invasion of the soviet union? END
START who did the soviet union agree to remain neutral with when they signed a treaty on the 13th of april? END
START why did stalin sign the pact?  END
START who wasn't planning an invasion of the soviet union? END
START who was openly planning an invasion of the soviet union? END
START who did the soviet union disagree to remain neutral with when they signed a treaty on the 13th of april? END
START who did the soviet union agree to remain neutral with when they rejected a treaty on the 13th of april? END
START why didn't stalin sign the pact?  END
START where did the german attack on soviet forces occur? END
START how many soviet military members died within the first six months of the war between the two countries? END
START how many soviet prisoners did german take within the first six months of war between the two countries? END
START how long did it take to capture regions of the world that were once occupied by soviets once the initial attack occurred? END
START where did the german attack on soviet forces not occur? END
START where did the german attack on british forces occur? END
START how many soviet military members died within the first nine months of the war between the two countries? END
START how many soviet prisoners did german take within the first nine months of war between the two countries? END
START how long did it take to capture regions of the world that were once occupied by soviets once the final attack occurred? END
START how many pages of secret documents were microfilmed? END
START near the end of the war, where the did some of the german command flee to? END
START what did wendell b. blancke investigate at the end of the war? END
START why did karl von loesch bury the microfilm? END
START where was karl von löesch transferred to after he turned over the documents? END
START how many pages of public documents were microfilmed? END
START near the start of the war, where the did some of the german command flee to? END
START what did wendell b. blancke investigate at the start of the war? END
START why did karl von loesch destroy the microfilm? END
START where was karl von löesch transferred to after he destoyed over the documents? END
START who printed the secret german-soviet treaty in britain? END
START which world leader favored the publication of nazi-soviet relations to be printed? END
START what was the description of the soviet government in the world press in regards to the treaty and subsequent breaking of the treaty by germany? END
START where was the foreign ministers conference held? END
START who put the nazi-soviet relations publication together? END
START who printed the public german-soviet treaty in britain? END
START which world leader hated the publication of nazi-soviet relations to be printed? END
START what wasn't the description of the soviet government in the world press in regards to the treaty and subsequent breaking of the treaty by germany? END
START where wasn't the foreign ministers conference held? END
START who destroyed the nazi-soviet relations publication? END
START what year was joseph stalin’s version of the pact published? END
START what was the soviet response to the nazi-soviet relations publication END
START how long did stalins version of what happened between the germans and the soviets last? END
START what year wasn't joseph stalin’s version of the pact published? END
START what year was joseph stalin’s version of the pact unpublished? END
START what wasn't the soviet response to the nazi-soviet relations publication END
START how long didn't stalins version of what happened between the germans and the soviets last? END
START how long did stalins version of what happened between the british and the soviets last? END
START who created an investigation into whether or not the soviet-german pact happened? END
START which states have argued that the soviet-german pact was invalid from the inception? END
START which government agency received the news that the soviet-german pact had existed? END
START who rejected an investigation into whether or not the soviet-german pact happened? END
START which states have argued that the soviet-german pact was valid from the inception? END
START which states have argued that the japan-german pact was invalid from the inception? END
START which non-government agency received the news that the soviet-german pact had existed? END
START which government agency received the news that the soviet-german pact had never existed? END
START who was ordered to remove the jews from the ministry? END
START who gave the order to remove the jews from the ministry? END
START who believed that the firing of litvinov allowed the soviets to quicker negotiations with germany? END
START who believed that the hiring of molotov would result in a better deal with the western countries? END
START who was ordered to keep the jews from the ministry? END
START who gave the order to keep the jews from the ministry? END
START who never gave the order to remove the jews from the ministry? END
START who believed that the hiring of litvinov allowed the soviets to quicker negotiations with germany? END
START who believed that the firing of molotov would result in a better deal with the western countries? END
START edward carr believes that in a war between germany and the soviet union, who else would have been participating? END
START who believes that the soviet unions was afraid of germany? END
START the pact according to edward carr’s view was to provide what between germany and the soviet union? END
START edward carr believes that in a war between germany and the soviet union, who else wouldn't have been participating? END
START edward carr doesn't believe that in a war between germany and the soviet union, who else would have been participating? END
START who never believed that the soviet unions were afraid of germany? END
START who believes that the soviet unions was friends of germany? END
START the pact according to edward carr’s view wasn't to provide what between germany and the soviet union? END
START who was skeptical of stalin’s policies? END
START what is the claim the pact promoted, purported by the the black book of communism? END
START who doesn’t believe that joseph stalin had plans to invade germany? END
START who wasn't skeptical of stalin’s policies? END
START what isn't the claim the pact promoted, purported by the the black book of communism? END
START what is the claim the pact promoted, purported by the the white book of communism? END
START who believed that joseph stalin had plans to invade germany? END
START who doesn’t believe that joseph stalin had plans to invade france? END
START what was a capacitor originally known as? END
START how many electrical conductors, or plates, do all capacitors contain at a minimum? END
START what is the name of the insulator in all capacitors that can store energy by becoming polarized? END
START in what form does a capacitor store energy? END
START where is the energy stored by a capacitor located? END
START what was a condenser originally known as? END
START what has three terminal electrical components? END
START what is the name of the insulator in all capacitors that can't store energy by becoming polarized? END
START  in what form does a capacitor never store energy? END
START  where is the energy released by a capacitor located? END
START when does an electric field develop across the dielectric? END
START under what condition can a displacement current flow in a capacitor? END
START what is an example of when there exists a potential difference across the conductors?  END
START what happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an adequate amount of time? END
START how do charges accumulate on each plate of a capacitor after an electric field has developed across the dielectric? END
START when does an electric field not develop across the dielectric? END
START under what condition does a displacement current never flow in a capacitor? END
START what is an example of when there exists a similarity across the conductors? END
START  how do charges stop accumulating on each plate of a capacitor after an electric field has developed across the dielectric? END
START hat happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an inadequate amount of time? END
START who first discovered the basic properties of capacitors? END
START when were the basic properties of capacitors first discovered? END
START in the original experiment in which the properties of capacitors were discovered, what component acted as the dielectric?  END
START besides the scientist's hand, what other component of the experiment in which the basic properties of capacitors were discovered acted as the second conductor? END
START what was the name of the dutch physicist who invented the leyden jar? END
START who did not discover the basic properties of capacitors? END
START what happened on november 1745? END
START in the original experiment in which the properties of capacitors were discovered, what component didn't act as the dielectric? END
START what was the name of the french physicist who invented the leyden jar? END
START who said: "i would take a second shock for the kingdom of france." END
START who was the first person to connect several leyden jars in parallel? END
START where did benjamin franklin believe the charge was stored in leyden jars? END
START who coined the term "battery"? END
START how many nanofarads did the earliest unit of capacitance equate to?  END
START why was a gap left at the mouth of leyden jars? END
START who was the second person to connect several leyden jars in parallel? END
START where did benjamin franklin believe the charge was released in leyden jars? END
START  who coined the term "electrochemical"? END
START how many nanofarads did the earliest unit of capacitance subtract? END
START why was the mouth of leyden jars closed? END
START besides porcelain, paper and mica, what other non conductive material was used as an insulator?  END
START for what use were non conductive materials used in the first capacitors? END
START what was layered between strips of metal in order to create paper capacitors? END
START when were paper capacitors first manufactured? END
START what other use did paper capacitors serve in the telecommunications industry? END
START besides porcelain, paper and mica, what other conductive material was used as an insulator? END
START for what use were conductive materials used in the first capacitors? END
START what was layered between strips of plastic in order to create paper capacitors? END
START what happened in 1877? END
START  what other use did metal capacitors serve in the telecommunications industry? END
START who invented the first electrolytic capacitor? END
START in what sort of electrolyte does the oxide layer on an aluminum anode remain stable? END
START in what year was the patent filed for an electric liquid capacitor? END
START what sort of capacitors were created by bell labs in the 1950's? END
START why did bell labs create their new type of capacitor? END
START  who invented the second electrolytic capacitor? END
START in what sort of electrolyte does the oxide layer on an aluminum anode remain unstable? END
START what happened in 1899? END
START  what sort of capacitors were created by bell labs in the 1940's? END
START  why did mell labs create their new type of capacitor? END
START what are electric double-layer capacitors called today? END
START when were low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes invented? END
START who invented low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes? END
START in what part of the capacitor did becker believe the charge was being stored? END
START in what component of electrolytic capacitors did becker believe was similar to the porous carbon electrodes? END
START  what are electric triple-layer capacitors called today? END
START when were high voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes invented? END
START who invented high voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes? END
START  in what part of the capacitor did becker believe the charge was not being stored? END
START in what component of electrolytic capacitors did becker believe was different from the porous carbon electrodes? END
START what type of area is between the two conductors in a capacitor? END
START what is the name given to the area between two conductors in a capacitor? END
START what net electric charge are capacitors assumed to have? END
START what type of charges do conductors hold on their facing surfaces? END
START what region within a capacitor develops an electric field? END
START what type of area is between the three conductors in a capacitor? END
START what is the name given to the area between three conductors in a capacitor? END
START  what net electric charge are capacitors assumed to never have? END
START  what type of charges do conductors release on their facing surfaces? END
START  what region outside of a capacitor develops an electric field? END
START what is the definition of the current i(t) through any component in an electric circuit? END
START for each electron that departs the positive plate, how many electrons build up on the negative plate? END
START to what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor equal to? END
START to what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor proportional to? END
START when calculating the integral to determine the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor, what does the constant of integration that must be added represent? END
START what is the definition of the current p(t) through any component in an electric circuit? END
START for each electron that departs the negative plate, how many electrons build up on the negative plate? END
START  to what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor not equal to? END
START to what is the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor disproportional to? END
START what does the constant of integration that must never be added represent? END
START in an ideal model of a capacitor, what is the value that describes the permittivity of the dielectric? END
START what equation describes the charge density for an ideal model of a capacitor? END
START in an ideal model of a capacitor, what must be assumed about the size of the plates? END
START close to the middle of the capacitor, what equation describes the magnitude of the electric field? END
START what does the line integral of the electric field between the plates of a capacitor represent? END
START in an ideal model of a capacitor, what is the value that does not describe the permittivity of the dielectric? END
START what equation describes the charge density for an unideal model of a capacitor? END
START in an ideal model of a capacitor, what must never be assumed about the size of the plates? END
START close to the outside of the capacitor, what equation describes the magnitude of the electric field? END
START what does the line integral of the electric field between the plates of a capacitor fail to represent? END
START what is a function of the amount of dielectric, the strength of dielectric and its permittivity? END
START if the plate area and separation distance are altered while keeping the amount of dielectric the same, what effect is had on the maximum energy of the capacitor?  END
START in a realistic model of a capacitor, where else besides between the dielectric between the conductors might an electric field be found? END
START when an electric field exists between the sides of the plates as well as in within the dielectric, what effect is had on the effective capacitance of the capacitor? END
START when the ratios of plate length and width to separation distance are large, what size is the parasitic capacitance? END
START what is a function of the amount of dielectric, the strength of dielectric and its permittivity? END
START what happens when there is a change of the maximum amount of energy END
START in a realistic model of a capacitor, where else besides between the dielectric between the conductors will an electric field never be found? END
START when an electric field exists between the sides of the plates as well as in within the dielectric, what effect is had on the lack of effective capacitance of the capacitor? END
START when the ratios of plate length and width to separation distance are small, what size is the parasitic capacitance? END
START what characteristic can leakage current and parasitic effects be assumed to have in the equation for a realistic capacitor? END
START what sort of components can be added to the equivalent circuit of a capacitor in order to deal with leakage current and parasitic effects? END
START upon dealing with leakage current and parasitic effects in a realistic model of a capacitor, what sort of methods can then be applied? END
START what sort of analysis cannot be used in cases of voltage breakdown in modelling a capacitor? END
START what causes the assumption of constant capacitance to fail even if the effect is linear in nature? END
START what characteristic do leakage current and parasitic effects never be assumed to have in the equation for a realistic capacitor? END
START what sort of components will never be added to the equivalent circuit of a capacitor in order to deal with leakage current and parasitic effects? END
START upon dealing with leakage current and parasitic effects in a realistic model of a capacitor, what sort of methods will never be applied? END
START what sort of analysis will always be used in cases of voltage breakdown in modelling a capacitor? END
START what causes the assumption of constant capacitance to succeed even if the effect is linear in nature? END
START what order is the breakdown field strength for air dielectric capacitors of? END
START of what order is the breakdown field strength for mica dielectric capacitors? END
START in what way is the dielectric used in order to cause the absolute breakdown voltage of capacitors to be limited? END
START what is one factor that critically affects the breakdown voltage of the capacitor? END
START what is the difference in the physical attributes of the dielectric used in high voltage capacitors compared to low voltage capacitors? END
START what order is the breakdown field weakness for air dielectric capacitors of? END
START of what order is the breakdown field weakness for mica dielectric capacitors? END
START in what way is the dielectric never used in order to cause the absolute breakdown voltage of capacitors to be limited? END
START what is one factor that does not affect the breakdown voltage of the capacitor? END
START what is the difference in the physical attributes of the dielectric used in high voltage capacitors compared to even higher voltage capacitors? END
START what name is given to the ac component of an applied source having either constant or alternating frequency? END
START what is one cause of dielectric losses in a capacitor? END
START what is another cause of dielectric losses in a capacitor? END
START what is the name given to the amount of internal series resistance needed to add to an ideal capacitor model in order to represent the heat generated by dielectric losses? END
START what is one type of capacitor that has a specified rating value for maximum ripple current? END
START what name is given to the ac component of an applied source having no constant or alternating frequency? END
START what is one cause of dielectric gains in a capacitor? END
START  what is another cause of dielectric gains in a capacitor? END
START what does ess stand for? END
START  what is one type of capacitor that has no specified rating value for maximum ripple current? END
START what value of some capacitors decreases with age? END
START what causes the decrease of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age? END
START what is one of the most important aging factors in capacitors? END
START what is another important factor which governs how a capacitor ages? END
START at what point can the aging effect of a capacitor be reversed if the component is heated beyond? END
START what value of some capacitors increases with age? END
START what causes the increase of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age? END
START  what is one of the least important aging factors in capacitors? END
START what is the least important factor which governs how a capacitor ages? END
START at what point can the aging effect of a capacitor never be reversed if the component is heated beyond? END
START what is the effect called when capacitors absorb sound waves? END
START what value of a capacitor is varied when vibration moves the conducting plates?  END
START what sort of current is induced when the capacitance of a capacitor is altered? END
START in what type of applications is piezeoelectricity especially problematic? END
START what is it called when a changing electric field existing between the conductive plates of a capacitor physically moves them? END
START  what is the effect called when capacitors don't absorb sound waves? END
START  what value of a capacitor is not varied when vibration moves the conducting plates? END
START  what sort of current is induced when the capacitance of a capacitor is unaltered? END
START in what type of applications is piezeoelectricity never problematic? END
START what is it called when a changing electric field existing between the conductive plates of a capacitor keeps them still? END
START what is one type of circuit in which voltage and current reversal are affected by damping? END
START what is another type of circuit in which voltage and current reversal are affected by damping? END
START under what condition does voltage reversal occur in rlc circuits? END
START what is formed between the inductance and the capacitance when the current and the voltage switch direction? END
START when a system is over-damped, what does it typically not experience? END
START what percentage of voltage reversal does an ac circuit experience? END
START what does voltage reversal create in the dielectric of a capacitor? END
START what percentage of voltage reversal will an under damped dc circuit experience? END
START what does excess electric field present in the dielectric lead to? END
START when designing a capacitor, what is an important rating to consider? END
START what percentage of voltage reversal does an ac circuit never experience? END
START  what does voltage reversal never create in the dielectric of a capacitor? END
START what percentage of voltage reversal will an over damped dc circuit experience? END
START when designing a capacitor, what is an unimportant rating to consider? END
START  what does excess electric field not present in the dielectric lead to? END
START after discharging and disconnecting a capacitor, what causes it to develop a voltage? END
START what does the process of dielectric absorption in a capacitor depend on? END
START what level of dielectric absorption would a tantalum electrolytic capacitor display?  END
START what level of dielectric absorption would a teflon capacitor exhibit? END
START what amount of energy must a capacitor contain in order to be generally considered dangerous?  END
START after discharging and disconnecting a capacitor, what causes it to underdevelop a voltage? END
START  what does the process of dielectric absorption in a capacitor not depend on? END
START what level of dielectric absorption would a tantalum electrolytic capacitor never display? END
START what level of dielectric absorption would a teflon capacitor never exhibit? END
START what amount of energy must a capacitor contain in order to never be considered dangerous? END
START with what value is a resistor in parallel with a capacitor equal to? END
START what can cause excessive leakage in a capacitor? END
START what sort of capacitors are used to carry a varying signal from the conductive plate of one tube to the grid circuit of the next stage? END
START what type of capacitor can cause signal distortion in the downstream tube? END
START if the grid circuit voltage is increased beyond its regular bias setting, what can happen to the conductive plates in power amplifiers? END
START with what value is a resistor in parallel with a capacitor not equal to? END
START  what will never cause excessive leakage in a capacitor? END
START  what sort of capacitors are never used to carry a varying signal from the conductive plate of one tube to the grid circuit of the next stage? END
START what type of capacitor will never cause signal distortion in the downstream tube? END
START if the grid circuit voltage is increased beyond its regular bias setting, what doesn't happen to the conductive plates in power amplifiers? END
START what do many capacitors contain that raises the capacitance? END
START what sort of dielectric is used in low capacitance devices? END
START what sort of capacitors have traditionally been used in radio tuning circuits? END
START how did the capacitor traditionally used in radio tuning circuits change over time?  END
START what did the later designs of capacitors used in radio tuning circuits no longer have? END
START what do many capacitors contain that lower the capacitance? END
START  what sort of dielectric is never used in low capacitance devices? END
START what sort of capacitors have not traditionally been used in radio tuning circuits? END
START how did the capacitor traditionally used in radio tuning circuits stay the same over time? END
START  what did the later designs of capacitors used in radio tuning circuits still have? END
START what benefit is offered by solid state paper capacitors? END
START what type of capacitor has mostly replaced solid state paper capacitors? END
START what sort of circuit are plastic capacitors especially useful for? END
START what is one type of reliable capacitor that is resistant to temperature and voltage changes? END
START what is another type of reliable capacitor that is resistant to temperature and voltage changes? END
START  what benefit is never offered by solid state paper capacitors? END
START  what type of capacitor has not replaced solid state paper capacitors? END
START  what sort of circuit are plastic capacitors not useful for? END
START what is one type of reliable capacitor that is non-resistant to temperature and voltage changes? END
START  what is another type of reliable capacitor that is not resistant to temperature and voltage changes? END
START what is one type of metal which the conducting plates in electrolytic capacitors are commonly made of? END
START what type of dielectric layer is used in electrolytic capacitors? END
START what happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at low temperatures? END
START how can electrolytic capacitors be safely used after having been stored unused for a long time? END
START why might the method gradually applying the operating voltage not be suitable to protect electrolytic capacitors in modern devices? END
START what is one type of metal which the conducting plates in electrolytic capacitors are never made of? END
START  what type of dielectric layer is never used in electrolytic capacitors? END
START what happens to the conductivity of the electrolyte at high temperatures? END
START how can electrolytic capacitors be safely used after having been used for a long time? END
START why might the method gradually applying the operating voltage not be suitable to protect electrolytic capacitors in ancient devices? END
START what is the main feature of a supercapacitor? END
START what is one type of material with which a supercapacitor may be constructed? END
START as of 2010, what is the highest capacitance a supercapacitor has achieved? END
START what type of capacitor is commonly used in electric motor circuits? END
START how many times the maximum ac voltage are ac capacitors designed to withstand? END
START  what is the main feature of a non-supercapacitor? END
START  what is one type of material with which a supercapacitor may not be constructed? END
START as of 2010, what is the lowest capacitance a supercapacitor has achieved? END
START  what type of capacitor is never used in electric motor circuits? END
START how many times the minimum ac voltage are ac capacitors designed to withstand? END
START under what condition might the polarization of the dielectric be unable to follow the voltage? END
START what type of dipoles which add to the dielectric constant cannot move instantly if a rapidly changing time varying voltage is driving the capacitor? END
START what is it called when a dielectric constant changes with frequency? END
START what regulates dielectric dispersion? END
START what is an example of a dielectric relaxation process? END
START under what condition might the polarization of the dielectric be able to follow the voltage? END
START what type of dipoles which add to the dielectric constant cannot move instantly if a slowly changing time varying voltage is driving the capacitor? END
START what is it called when a dielectric constant stays the same with frequency? END
START  what deregulates dielectric dispersion? END
START  what is an example of an undielectric relaxation process? END
START how is the complex impedance with dielectric represented mathematically? END
START how is the complex capacitance without dielectric represented mathematically? END
START why is the value of c0 unattainable in reality? END
START under what condition is the approximation c0 sufficiently accurate for calculation purposes? END
START how is the complex capacitance mathematically represented with the dielectric present? END
START how is the non-complex impedance with dielectric represented mathematically? END
START how is the complex capacitance with dielectric represented mathematically? END
START  why isn't the value of c0 unattainable in reality? END
START under what condition is the approximation c0 sufficiently inaccurate for calculation purposes? END
START how is the complex capacitance mathematically unrepresented with the dielectric present? END
START what order of magnitude of capacitance is suitable for capacitors comprised of ceramic disks with metallic coatings? END
START how are larger value capacitors often constructed? END
START what do larger value capacitors often use as the dielectric medium? END
START why are the plates and dielectrics often staggered in larger value capacitors? END
START how are the conductive plates often made for larger value capacitors? END
START what order of magnitude of capacitance is suitable for capacitors comprised of ceramic disks without metallic coatings? END
START  how are smaller value capacitors often constructed? END
START what do smaller value capacitors often use as the dielectric medium? END
START why are the plates and dielectrics often staggered in smaller value capacitors? END
START  how are the conductive plates never made for larger value capacitors? END
START what is one type of configuration in which a capacitor may have its connecting leads organized? END
START what is another type of configuration in which a capacitor may have its connecting leads arranged? END
START which type of configuration is often manufactured with the leads parallel to the body of the capacitor? END
START how are the leads of an axially configured capacitor arranged? END
START how could radial leads be more correctly described? END
START what is one type of configuration in which a capacitor not have its connecting leads organized? END
START what is another type of configuration in which a capacitor will never have its connecting leads arranged? END
START which type of configuration is never manufactured with the leads parallel to the body of the capacitor? END
START  how are the leads of an axially configured capacitor not arranged? END
START  how could radial leads be less correctly described? END
START since when have inexpensive ceramic disc capacitors existed? END
START since when have surface mount packages for capacitors been commonly in use? END
START what do surface mount packages lack that allows their use on the surface of printed circuit boards? END
START what is one benefit of using surface mount components? END
START what is one difficulty when using surface mount components? END
START what happened since the 1940s?  END
START what has been in use since the 1990s? END
START what do surface mount packages have that allows their use on the surface of printed circuit boards? END
START  what is one inconvenience of using surface mount components? END
START  what is one easy part when using surface mount components? END
START what do mechanically controlled variable capacitors enable to be modified? END
START how do cheap variable capacitors vary the separation distance between layers of a plastic and aluminum? END
START of what type of diodes are varactors or varicaps comprised? END
START what varies as a function of voltage in varactors? END
START what is an application of varactors? END
START what do mechanically controlled variable capacitors disable to be modified? END
START how do cheap variable capacitors vary the separation distance against layers of a plastic and aluminum? END
START  of what type of diodes are varactors or varicaps uncomprised? END
START what doesn't vary as a function of voltage in varactors? END
START  what is not an application of varactors? END
START how do larger capacitors present their electrical characteristics? END
START what does the abbreviated electrical characteristics of smaller capacitors consist of? END
START what part of the electrical characteristics of smaller capacitors do the digits of the abbreviated notation represent ? END
START what does the letter of the abbreviated notation for the electrical characteristics of smaller capacitors represent? END
START in what si unit is the capacitance reported on smaller capacitors? END
START how do larger capacitors hide their electrical characteristics? END
START what does the abbreviated electrical characteristics of larger capacitors consist of? END
START what part of the electrical characteristics of larger capacitors do the digits of the abbreviated notation represent ? END
START  what does the letter of the abbreviated notation for the electrical characteristics of larger capacitors represent? END
START  in what si unit is the capacitance reported on larger capacitors? END
START why are capacitors connected in parallel with the power circuits of many devices and large systems? END
START how do the capacitors connected in parallel act with currents from the power supply? END
START what is one value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for car audio purposes? END
START what is another value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for car audio purposes? END
START what do parallel capacitors do to fluctuating current in order to deliver "clean" power for control circuits? END
START why are capacitors connected in parallel without the power circuits of many devices and large systems? END
START  how do the capacitors connected perpendicullarly act with currents from the power supply? END
START what is one value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for a plane audio purposes? END
START  what is another value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for boat audio purposes? END
START what do parallel capacitors do to fluctuating current in order to deliver "dirty" power for control circuits? END
START in what scenario are capacitors used for power factor correction? END
START how are capacitors used for for power factor correction prepared? END
START in what what unit is the capacitance reported for capacitors used in power factor correction? END
START what is the reason for using capacitors in power factor correction? END
START how are power factor correction capacitors sometimes installed? END
START in what scenario are capacitors never used for power factor correction? END
START  how are capacitors never used for power factor correction prepared? END
START in what what unit is the capacitance reported for capacitors never used in power factor correction? END
START  what is the reason for never using capacitors in power factor correction? END
START  how are power factor correction capacitors never installed? END
START what happens to the current when an inductive circuit is opened? END
START what happens to the voltage when an inductive circuit is opened? END
START what type of capacitor is used to make a path to bypass the contact points? END
START what is a typical system in which a snubber capacitor is found? END
START what type of capacitor absorbs radio frequency interference? END
START  what happens to the current when an inductive circuit is closed? END
START  what happens to the voltage when an inductive circuit is closed? END
START what type of capacitor is used to make a path to not bypass the contact points? END
START  what is a typical system in which a snubber capacitor is not found? END
START  what type of capacitor dispenses radio frequency interference? END
START what is the main winding on a squirrel cage motor capable of withstanding? END
START what sort of capacitors are used on the second winding of a squirrel cage motor? END
START what does the capacitor on the second winding of a squirrel cage motor do? END
START what does the centrifugal switch do the capacitor when the rotor achieves operating speed? END
START where is the start capacitor commonly mounted? END
START what is the main winding on a squirrel cage motor capable of withstanding? END
START what sort of capacitors are never used on the second winding of a squirrel cage motor? END
START what doesn't the capacitor on the second winding of a squirrel cage motor do? END
START  where is the start capacitor commonly mounted? END
START how much energy could a capacitor in a disposable camera contain? END
START to what voltage could a capacitor from a disposable camera be charged to? END
START what device can be used to discharge large voltage capacitors? END
START how are the terminals of high voltage capacitors stored? END
START what type of charge could a capacitor pick up a transient charge from? END
START how much energy could a capacitor in a disposable camera release? END
START to what voltage could a capacitor from a disposable camera be never charged to? END
START  what device can't be used to discharge large voltage capacitors? END
START  how aren't the terminals of high voltage capacitors stored? END
START what type of charge couldn't a capacitor pick up a transient charge from? END
START what could cause the failure of a capacitor? END
START what can happen to capacitors used in high current applications? END
START what can happen to capacitors used in high energy capacitor banks? END
START what type of capacitors can generate soft x-rays? END
START what is one way to help minimize capacitor dangers? END
START what couldn't cause the failure of a capacitor? END
START  what can't happen to capacitors used in high current applications? END
START what can happen to capacitors used in low energy capacitor banks? END
START  what type of capacitors can generate hard x-rays? END
START  what is one way to help maximize capacitor dangers? END
START what are natural and social sciences a subcategory of? END
START what is the history of arts and humanities called? END
START what kind of phenomena does science study? END
START intellectual history and social history are used in what? END
START who coined the word "scientist"? END
START when was the word "scientist" created? END
START what are people who study nature called? END
START ibn al-haytham and roger bacon were scientists in which time period? END
START when was the beginning of modern science considered to be? END
START what replaced false beliefs? END
START who depicts the history of science in a wider matrix? END
START what time period did the history of science begin to take a progressive narrative? END
START thomas kuhn used conceptual systems and what other term to define the history of science? END
START the advancement of agriculture made what possible? END
START having a surplus of food allowed farmers and hunter-gatherers to spend less time working on what? END
START before agriculture advancements, what were farmers having to do? END
START what advancement aided in spreading knowledge across generations? END
START who was able to support the people who were adding to the written knowledge of nature? END
START which civilization advanced in astronomy, mathematics, and medicine? END
START what did egyptians use to better organize their farmland? END
START what theory did the egyptians use to build rectilinear structures? END
START what research was egypt known for? END
START what is the name of the earliest medical document? END
START where did the mesopotamian people originate from? END
START how far back do the mesopotamian people go? END
START what did the mesopotamian use to record data about the world around them? END
START what was the earliest recording of pythagoras' law? END
START which tablet had pythagorean triplets on it? END
START who wrote on the clay tablets in babylonian astronomy? END
START where are mesopotamian astronomical periods still used? END
START who was kidinnu? END
START who believes that the hellenistic world relies on babylonian astronomy? END
START where can kidinnu's solar year be found in use? END
START which era was marked by investigating the universe? END
START what type of science are making a calendar and finding cures for diseases a part of? END
START what is an example of skilled professionals? END
START what is an example of religious devotee? END
START what would the first scientists have been considered? END
START what are early greek philosophers known as? END
START what question were greek philosophers trying to answer? END
START who was named "the father of science"? END
START which religious deity did thales undermine with his scientific theories? END
START who was the first person to determine that the earth is round? END
START plato and aristotle are known for systematically discussing what? END
START what discussion technique are plato and aristotle responsible for? END
START what year was the platonic academy founded? END
START aristotle introduced what theory? END
START how many species of animals were classified by aristotle? END
START anatomy, zoology, geography, and studies like them are considered what? END
START what era utilized greek theories? END
START what scientific theory was created by the greeks? END
START who employed logic, geometry, and natural sciences? END
START greek thought is predominately applying mathematics and what other method? END
START who created the sun-centered model of the solar system? END
START who was able to determine the circumference of the earth? END
START who made the first catalog of stars? END
START what was used to determine the position of planets within the solar system? END
START when was the antikythera mechanism used? END
START who wrote the book elements? END
START what was contained within the book elements? END
START who was able to determine the the area under a parabola? END
START what method did archimedes employ to determine the area under a parabola? END
START which mathematical figure did archimedes approximate? END
START what classification guide did theophrastus create? END
START in what year did pliny the elder publish the largest encyclopedia? END
START what did pliny the elder observe about diamonds? END
START who do engravers use diamond dust for? END
START what characteristic was pliny the elder the first to recognize about amber? END
START the indus valley civilization was the first to have traces of what? END
START what proportional size were the bricks that the civilization used? END
START what characteristic determined the proportions of the bricks? END
START what was the name of the ruler that they created? END
START how long were the units in inches of the mohenjo-daro ruler? END
START when did aryabhata live? END
START what were the trigonometric functions that aryabhata discovered? END
START what theory did brahmagupta suggest in 628 ad? END
START what did brahmagupta use the number zero for? END
START what language did the work of brahmagupta and aryabhata have to be translated from? END
START which text was the first to have concepts of astronomy in it? END
START who wrote the first 12 chapters of the siddhanta shiromani? END
START in what time period was the siddhanta shiromani written? END
START the second section of the siddhanta shiromani has how many chapters? END
START what topic does the second part of the siddhanta shiromani contain? END
START where are the neolithic graveyards? END
START what do the findings in the graveyards show evidence of? END
START what kind of medicine was practiced in india before 2500 bc? END
START what is the name of the text that has information regarding ayurveda? END
START what information is in the susrutasamhita of susruta? END
START what method did early chinese mathematicians use to calculate? END
START one rod in the second box from the right is what number? END
START when did negative numbers and decimals start being used? END
START what text includes horner's method? END
START what advanced mathematical methods did the tang dynasty have? END
START what observations in astronomy did china record? END
START what kind of predictions were made during the 12th century? END
START who made predictions in 1601? END
START what year did chinese astronomers start to observe comets? END
START how many records of sunspots are there? END
START what was invented in 132 ce? END
START what occurrence is measured by a seismometer? END
START what is the chinese name for a seismometer? END
START what did the chinese caused earthquakes? END
START what was luoyang renamed to? END
START who discovered the idea of true north? END
START when was shen kuo alive? END
START what are drydocks used for? END
START what did silt and marine fossils teach shen kuo? END
START what did shen kuo study to discover climate change? END
START who was the needham research institute named after? END
START what type of bridge originated in china? END
START what type of map originated in china? END
START what type of fan originated in china? END
START what type of globe did zhang heng invent? END
START what was a consequence of the roman empire being divided? END
START where was support found for greek philosophy? END
START what time period was marked by the spreading of islam? END
START how long did the islamic golden age last? END
START what language did muslim philosophers speak? END
START what method did muslim scientists use more than the greeks? END
START what book did ibn al-haytham write? END
START what law did the persians know of? END
START what was ibn al-haytham's nickname? END
START what theory did ibn al-haytham have proof for? END
START what was muhammad ibn musa al-khwarizmi's profession? END
START where does the word "algebra" come from? END
START where did arabic numerals originate? END
START what did muslim mathematicians add to arabic numerals? END
START what area of science did al-razi contribute to? END
START whose work did al-battani improve? END
START what does he megale syntaxis mean? END
START which measurement did al-battani improve upon? END
START the geocentric model is similar to what other model? END
START who was most influential in islamic philosophy? END
START what method did ibn sina introduce? END
START what does kitab al-shifa mean? END
START the kitab al-shifa and the canon of medicine are considered what? END
START what characteristic did ibn sina find out about infectious diseases? END
START when were medieval universities created? END
START who sponsored the toledo school of translators? END
START at the toledo school of translators, what language was arabic text translated into? END
START which translator learned arabic to be able to study the arabic texts directly? END
START what language did the important scientific works get translated into for universities and monasteries? END
START who favored empirical methods? END
START who favored mathematics? END
START who wrote the catholic church's condemnation of 1277? END
START what era was important for scientific advancements? END
START who pioneered parsimony? END
START what theory is based off of projectiles' motion? END
START what theory did impetus pave the way for? END
START what did the oxford calculators measure? END
START what year did the black death occur? END
START what caused ancient texts to be rediscovered by byzantine scholars? END
START the invention of printing improved which society? END
START printed word enabled what? END
START what type of mathematics aided in developing european science? END
START the focus on learning in the 12th century is referred to as what? END
START what began at the same time scholasticism ended? END
START which era came after scholasticism? END
START what was the focus of the northern renaissance? END
START which scientist was known for working on human cadavers? END
START what was the scientific revolution? END
START what year is considered to be the beginning of the scientific revolution? END
START what book by andreas vesalius was published in 1543? END
START what was the focus of de revolutionibus by nicolaus copernicus? END
START what book was printed by isaac newton in 1687? END
START the age of reason made way for which movement? END
START what event is considered to be the start of political modernity? END
START what book did denis diderot write? END
START which movement took place during the 19th century? END
START what theory did darwin introduce? END
START which physics subject was affected by the romantic movement? END
START what caused romanticism to end? END
START what year did positivism end? END
START which movement is considered to be a dividing line between ancient thought and classical physics? END
START who made the heliocentric model popular? END
START johannes kepler created a model of what? END
START what did johannes kepler's model suggest about the planets? END
START what was galileo's nickname? END
START what work was printed by isaac newton in 1687? END
START how many theories were included within the principia mathematica? END
START what concept did the law of gravitation deal with? END
START what are maxwell's equations about? END
START what science subject explains anomalous results? END
START what year did einstein discover the theory of general relativity? END
START quantum theories became which subject in 1925? END
START which scientist noticed the relationship between the speed and distance of galaxies? END
START edwin hubble's discovery about galaxies allowed for which theory by georges lemaitre? END
START who discovered nuclear fission? END
START who edited the first paper about nuclear fission? END
START what event was going on during the creation of the atomic bomb? END
START the atomic bomb was a part of which movement? END
START what is the problem with general relativity and quantum mechanics? END
START when did modern chemistry come into existence? END
START who decided that chemistry and alchemy were different? END
START what book was written by robert boyle in 1661? END
START what was antoine lavoisier's nickname? END
START which theory did the law of conservation of mass disagree with? END
START what scientific act is friedrich wohler known for? END
START what scientific field did wohler discover? END
START late 19th century is marked by what event? END
START mixing organic chemistry with living organisms created what early form of biochemistry? END
START who wrote the nature of the chemical bond? END
START what was the work of theophrastus on rocks called? END
START when were theophrastus' ideas about fossils proven false? END
START when did shen kua live? END
START what science did shen kua observe? END
START what happened to geology during the scientific revolution? END
START what did robert hooke study? END
START what theory did nicholas steno discover? END
START what book did thomas burnet right in 1681? END
START what text did burnet base his work off of? END
START how old did biblical scholars think the earth was? END
START jean-etienne guettard and nicolas desmarest went to france and recorded what? END
START in the 18th century, what changed geology drastically? END
START what are used to create geological maps? END
START what geological theory was applied to the paris basin? END
START what changed about the way geology was implemented during the 19th century? END
START the idea of an ice-age that completely covered a continent was suggested by whom? END
START what group did andrew crombie ramsay belong to? END
START what did ramsay believe about river valleys? END
START what happened after radioactivity was realized? END
START what was ignac fulop semmelweis' profession? END
START how did semmelweis reduce puerperal fever? END
START what came after the realization that physicians should was their hands before childbirth? END
START what did joseph lister prove? END
START who did joseph lister base his work off of? END
START which scientist championed the idea of evolution? END
START what was the name of the book that darwin wrote about evolution? END
START what was the reception of darwin's ideas about evolution? END
START who rediscovered the laws of inheritance? END
START what was the major break through for the study of genetics? END
START the discipline of ecology is a combination of what two subjects? END
START what did the work of louis pasteur and ferdinand cohn focus on? END
START who came up with the word "ecology"? END
START when was the gaia hypothesis discovered? END
START what movement occurred during the 1970s? END
START what larger group does political science belong to? END
START where did the ideas of political science begin? END
START in history, where could you find someone studying politics? END
START where did studying politics originate? END
START what did plato study? END
START what method did plato use to understand political systems? END
START what did aristotle add to plato's work? END
START who are kautilya and vishnugupta usually grouped with? END
START what did the arthasastra say a king must use? END
START when was chanakya alive? END
START what allowed political studies to spread? END
START what new idea caused politics to cover a larger spectrum? END
START where did politics touch in the middle ages? END
START who wrote the city of god? END
START what did the city of god change? END
START what new subject surface at the end of the 18th century? END
START who realized that languages like sanskrit, persian, and greek share the same foundation? END
START what did sir william jones do to document his work? END
START what did noam chomsky add to the study of linguistics? END
START what method did chomsky use to develop generative linguistics? END
START who wrote an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations? END
START what did adam smith's work cover? END
START what idea did adam smith disagree with? END
START what idea did adam smith propose? END
START who is marxian economics named after? END
START what did john maynard keynes want to separate? END
START what concept did milton friedman propose after world war ii? END
START how did monaterism aim to control the economy? END
START in the 1970s, what did monaterism turn into? END
START how did supply-side economics try to increase the amount of money in the market? END
START when was wealth of nations written? END
START how present was smith's invisible hand intended to be? END
START what happens in a market when there is competition? END
START what is the most important part of "wealth"? END
START what was the beginning of psychology classified as? END
START what year is most commonly referred to as the beginning of psychology? END
START who has the first lab completely dedicated to psychology? END
START what did hermann ebbinghaus study? END
START what was ivan pavlov known for? END
START what is the group that human psychology belongs to? END
START what is investigated in cognitive science? END
START what inventions advanced the study of cognitive science? END
START what new technology could be created as a result of studying cognitive science? END
START what was ibn khaldun's profession? END
START when did modern sociology surface? END
START what is the main goal of sociology? END
START how did max weber view rationalization? END
START who was the major proponent of american sociology? END
START what did parsons believe made a functional society? END
START what was the problem with the views of parsons? END
START what idea from karl marx was used to combat the problems with structural integration? END
START what is the main belief of conflict theory? END
START what science is based on linguistics, mathematics, and engineering? END
START how has computer science helped science as a whole? END
START what is the differing characteristic of contemporary computer science? END
START what text is the foundation of the study of the history of science? END
START who wrote a more professional version of history of the inductive sciences? END
START what was the history of science during the 20th century? END
START how could sarton's ideas be described? END
START who studied the history of science? END
START what is the large question that the history of science answers? END
START what did sociology in science explain? END
START what was the most popular method in the 1960s regarding science studies? END
START what did humboldtian science aim to do? END
START who was the model for humboldtian science? END
START what idea did positivism provide? END
START where did the social aspect of science originate? END
START what idea did social science add to science as a whole? END
START how did kuhn view the history of science? END
START what did scientific knowledge and its social problems describe the scientific community as? END
START what was the era called when scientists were rejecting the notion of objectivity of science? END
START what was positivism called after it was revived? END
START what did scientism aim to do? END
START what does digimon stand for? END
START what forms of entertainment does the digimon franchise include? END
START what is the digital world in which the digimon creatures live? END
START what are the people who raise digimon called? END
START what are the digimon villians main goals? END
START what does digi monster stand for? END
START what term refers to the chinese media franchise? END
START what you digi tamers do? END
START what are digidestined trying to destroy? END
START what is a world far from earth? END
START when did digimon first appear? END
START name the original digimon anime. END
START name the digimon video game that was released in 1999. END
START name two types of toys the original digimon bore a close resemblence to. END
START when was the digimon series created? END
START what influenced the look of the digimons? END
START in what year was the digimon video game released? END
START what started with a series of real pets? END
START what cause the franchise to lose momentum? END
START what was released in 1990 END
START what is aired for several seasons based on the films? END
START what american media for the original did you mom based on? END
START what kind of toy were the original digimon? END
START what kind of creatures where the early digimon patterned after? END
START what properties of american comics were the later generations of digimon trying to capture? END
START who was the designer responsible for the westernization of digimon character design? END
START what was the name of the original digimon character? END
START what was the screen size of the digimon toy? END
START what animals were the digimon based off of? END
START who was the designer of the digimon card game? END
START how did watanabe get his influence? END
START what was originally based on an actual pet? END
START  many of the most popular digimon on? END
START what american media influenced the first digimon? END
START what were becoming unpopular in japan? END
START what has mostly been in individual process throughout the franchise history? END
START how do digimon evolve? END
START how are digimon born? END
START what is the process of aging called for digimon? END
START what effect does digivolution have on digimon? END
START are digimon all mindless monsters? END
START what were the eggs called that the digimon were hatched from? END
START what is the second type of digi-eggs called? END
START what is the process called of how digi-eggs age? END
START what items were used to help the digimon evolve?  END
START did you birds hatched from what? END
START what kind of egg do digimon use to evolve mentally? END
START how do digi eggs evolve END
START what permanently increases when digimon evolve? END
START how do most digimon act? END
START are there any circumstances under which a digimon cannot be reborn? END
START what typically happens when digimon are killed? END
START what are digimon made of? END
START how is a digimon reborn? END
START when was the digimon life cycle first described? END
START what was introduced during the first digimon anime? END
START what happened to a digimon that receives a fatal wound? END
START what happens to a digimon after it dissolves? END
START what happens if a digimons data is completely destroyed? END
START under what conditions must digimon be reborn? END
START what happens when a digimon receives a nonfatal wound? END
START what did the first digimon game introduce? END
START doing what to the causes the digimon to be reborn? END
START what is made of a set configuration of data? END
START what companies were responsible for the creation and subsequent release of the original digimon? END
START what made digimon different from similar digital pets? END
START what year was the second generation of digimon released? END
START what was involved in the original digimon virtual pet gameplay? END
START who was the main market for the original digimon? END
START what did the digimon pets originally start out as? END
START when was the digimon released by wiz? END
START in what month was the second generation of the digital monsters released? END
START what year was the third edition released? END
START what companies were responsible for the re-release digimon END
START what was originally intended for mainly girls? END
START what predecessor's a digimon similar to? END
START what do many owners have the same digimon? END
START what is the world in which the digimon live? END
START what happens to a digimon after they evolve? END
START who accompanies the digimon as they work to save their world? END
START are the children who accompany the digimon always the same? END
START what is the world of the digimon called? END
START where are digimon the inhabitants of? END
START what group of kids are in charge of the digimons? END
START what is the process called when digimon get stronger? END
START what is a manifestation of a world far from work? END
START what are specially trained digimon defending the world from? END
START who accompanies special humans born to save the world? END
START what children stay the same from series to series? END
START what stays the same as digimon become stronger? END
START how many series have aired since 2011? END
START what is the name of the second digimon series? END
START when was the movie digital monster x-evolution released? END
START when did digimon xros wars begin airing? END
START how many series of aired as of 2001? END
START what world the first 5 series take pl. in? END
START what is unique in each series? END
START what was announced in december 2006? END
START which series began in 2011 END
START when did the first digimon series begin airing in japan? END
START when did digimon begin airing in america? END
START what was the premise of digimon? END
START how many people are in the original digimon? END
START when did the first digimon series air in united states? END
START what aired on japanese tv in august 1999? END
START what keeps the digimon from evolving into stronger creatures? END
START what did each kid select? END
START when did the second series of digimon air? END
START what age are the original digidestined now that they are in high school? END
START who is the new evil force that has been enslaving people? END
START what did ken do in order to atone for his mistakes? END
START what aired in april 2010? END
START who is the digimon empress? END
START what has the emperor been doing with dark spires and control rings? END
START what do all the people on earth lose in the end? END
START what countries are lost to the controls spires? END
START when did the third digimon series begin? END
START what can tamers do in order to give their partners advantages? END
START what is the act called of giving partners advantages in digimon? END
START which series beginning april 2000? END
START what is not needed to provide power boost to digimon END
START why is the card game controversial? END
START howdy henry create his own digimon partner? END
START what did rika sketch? END
START when did the fourth series of digimon begin? END
START what was the main focus surrounding the fourth series? END
START what did the characters use to transform themselves into special digimons? END
START after the characters transformed into special digimons, what were they called? END
START what began in august 2002? END
START what season spirit power the focus of? END
START what device transformed regular digimon into special digimon? END
START what were special humans called? END
START to the digidestined stop from reawakening? END
START how long did digimon stay off the air before returning? END
START what year did the fifth  series start? END
START what was the main focus of the 5th season? END
START what age group did the season target with its darker theme? END
START what was the original target age for the digimon series? END
START what season followed a four year break? END
START how did they attempt to reconnect with her old audience? END
START what age group was targeted with the seasons lighter theme? END
START the darker themed english dubbed version was aimed at what order age group? END
START what was released on disney instead of dvd? END
START how long after the 5th season did the next one start? END
START when did the sixth season of digimon begin airing? END
START who is the main character in the sixth digimon series? END
START who did the fusion fighters find themselves in battle with? END
START when did the english dub for the sixth season start airing? END
START wendy did a fifth season begin airing in the united states? END
START how did the six season differ from the first four seasons? END
START what was shotmon able to combine END
START what did nickelodeon refuse to air? END
START when was the sequel announcement for the third arc? END
START what was the original run of the third arc of digimon? END
START who was the main character in the third arc series? END
START what is the dimension called between the human world and digital world? END
START what was announced in october 2011 END
START when was the third season aired? END
START what lies between the digital world? END
START what causes all the digimon universe to scatter? END
START how long after digimon fusion was a new series announced? END
START when was the 15th year anniversary held for digimon? END
START rather than a tv series, what kind of series would the digimon become? END
START where are you able to watch the new series when it is released? END
START when was it announced a tri would be a television series? END
START is streaming the television series the same day that premieres END
START what was announced thirty months after the franchises fifteenth anniversary? END
START who were now in middle school? END
START how soon after did another series start after the digimon adventure 02? END
START whats the name of the group that defeats cody and ken? END
START what happened for the first time to the digidestined in the film series? END
START how many digimon movies have been released in japan? END
START how many movies were directly connected to the anime series? END
START what year was digimon: the movie released in the us/canada? END
START how many digimon movies have been released in the united states? END
START what were the first seven not connected to? END
START what were the first three japanese movies released in the united states and canada? END
START what were the only two movies distributed internationally? END
START what magazine were given their own original stories of digimon? END
START what series did the uk magazine storyline follow? END
START what happened to the magazines after their run of digimon? END
START what did the uk create the adaptations of? END
START what did germany retreat? END
START what words that replicas of adventure 02? END
START what remains unloved until 2008? END
START what did the digimon series end up having lots of during the series? END
START what were the first two north american games released? END
START name one of the genres from any of the digimon video games? END
START what did the digimon series only have a few of? END
START what usually follows the anime storyline? END
START over the first two japanese games released? END
START the card games included what genre END
START in what year did bandai post information about a reboot on his website? END
START what year is the video game digimon story: cyber sleuth set to be released? END
START when was the nintendo 3ds digimon world re:digitize released? END
START what did bandai do in 2012? END
START what revealed a real release of the digimon series? END
START what did sony release enhanced version of END
START what release was canceled for 2015 END
START what's been released in north america with japanese subtitles? END
START how long does it take glaciers to form? END
START do glaciers form on land, in the sea, or a combination of both? END
START which types of ice form on a body of water's surface? END
START what causes glaciers to deform and flow? END
START what are some distinguishing glacial features? END
START what is a semi-permanent body of ice that moves under its own weight? END
START what forms were ice accumulates? END
START what causes glaciers to remain smooth in uniform? END
START what other kinds of ice are thicker than glaciers? END
START how much glacial ice is found surrounding the poles? END
START glaciers are found in mountain ranges on every continent except for which outlier? END
START how much of earth's land surface do glaciers cover? END
START what is the average thickness of an antartican glacier? END
START what percent of antartica's land is covered by glaciers? END
START where is 99% of the world snow contained? END
START what can be found on every continent of the world? END
START what percentage of the polar regions land surface is covered with glaciers? END
START what connie is covered by 13,000,000 mi.² of glaciers? END
START between what one want to latitudes or glaciers only found in valleys? END
START do earth's lakes or glaciers hold the most freshwater? END
START what causes glaciers to release meltwater? END
START in which area are summer temperatures not high enough to release meltwater from glaciers? END
START under what circumstances would humans require water from a glacier? END
START where is all the fresh water on earth contained? END
START what glaciers often release place during warm periods? END
START what creates in important water source for many plants and animals but not humans? END
START who benefits from the antarctic's meltwater? END
START at what dimensions are glaciers called ice sheets or continental glaciers? END
START how many extant ice sheets exist? END
START how much would global sea levels rise if greenland and antartica's glaciers were to melt? END
START what is the term for ice that protrude's from a glacier's surface? END
START narrow, fast-moving pathways on an ice sheet are called what? END
START what are glaciers smaller it in 50,000 km² called? END
START what can often be seen beneath the sheets? END
START where a sheets now extinct? END
START what are ice sheets that cover the sea called? END
START what you shelves become is a melt? END
START what are glaciers called that end in the sea? END
START most glaciers from greenland, antarctica, and southeast alaska are of which type? END
START are tidewater glaciers more or less affected by climate change than other glaciers? END
START do tidewater glaciers calve above or below sea level? END
START how are icebergs formed? END
START what are tidal glaciers? END
START hetero icebergs form glaciers? END
START what affects tidewater glaciers more than others? END
START what type of glaciers have been retreating for centuries? END
START from where is the temperature of a glacier measured? END
START which type of glacier is above or at freezing at it's interface and is able to slide? END
START what temperature makes a glacier polythermal? END
START what temperature determines a polar glacier? END
START what temperature characteristic determines a temperate glacier? END
START what temperature is a polar glacier always above? END
START what temperature is a temperate glacier always above? END
START what two types of ice are contained in a polar glacier? END
START why are warm based glaciers not able to slide? END
START why is it cold basically sure able to slide? END
START under what circumstances do glaciers form? END
START what is a cirque? END
START what shape is a cirque, generally? END
START how much ice and snow is minimally necessary to begin to slide on steep glaciers? END
START what forms were snow and ice accumulation is equal to its melting END
START what geological features formed by glaciers? END
START what happens in a minimum of 15 feet of snow? END
START what causes a glaciers stop moving? END
START what characteristics determine glacial zones? END
START which glacial zone area reports a net-loss in glacial mass? END
START what is the name of the line seperating the ablation zone from the accumulation zone? END
START how much glacial surface area is typically considered accumulation zone? END
START what is based on suface ice and melt conditions? END
START wht line marks the center of the glacier? END
START what does the abilation zone cover 60-70% of? END
START what forces underlying rock upward? END
START what lakes where formed from a mountain depression END
START why are the tops of glaciers rigid? END
START which zone is the top of the glaciers? END
START why are glacial crevices formed? END
START what are seracs? END
START most crevices are no deeper than what measure? END
START why is the lower 50m of a glacier rigid? END
START what is the free flowing upper section known as? END
START what forms where glaciers are unable to move? END
START what happens when two ridgid sections of a glacier collide? END
START what point do sercas form above? END
START which crevasses form on the edge of the glacier? END
START why do marginal crevasses form on the edge of a glacier? END
START what do bergschrunds resemble? END
START how are bergschrunds different than crevasses? END
START where do transverse crevasses form? END
START what kind of crevasses form where steep slopes cause glaciers to deccelerate? END
START what kind of crevasses form where glaciers contract laterally? END
START what kind of crevasses form at the edge of a glacier due to an increase in speed? END
START what is formed when moving ice seperates from sragnant ice below? END
START what margins to crevasses form at? END
START in what area of greenland can glaciers move 20-30m per day? END
START increasing slope, thickness, snowfall, longitudinal confinement, basal temperature, and meltwater production result in increased what? END
START how far do glaciers generally move per day? END
START why are some glaciers stagnant in alaska? END
START what typically moves at around 3 meters a day? END
START what grows on moving glaciers in alaska? END
START what makes some glaciers stagnant? END
START what causes increased thickness? END
START what is a glacial surge? END
START what failure causes surges? END
START at what rate have glaciers travelled during surges? END
START what is the term for a gradual increase in a glaciers speed? END
START what is caused by underground water? END
START what does accumulaion of rock under the glacier cause? END
START how far does a glacier have to move to cause glacial earthquakes? END
START how high can the seismic magnitude be of a glacial earthquake? END
START are greenland's glacial earthquakes increasing or decreasing as time goes on? END
START during which months do glacial earthquakes peak in greenland? END
START in what year were twice as many glacial earthquakes seen than in any other year in greenland? END
START what occurs where glaciers are moving slower than 1 km per day? END
START what peaks every july in iceland? END
START what is causing a decrease in greenlands glacial earthquakes? END
START what has been decreasing over time? END
START what are ogives? END
START what does the width of one dark and one light band measure? END
START how are ogives formed? END
START under what conditions are ogives called wave or band ogives? END
START what is the term for crests of ice on the glaciers surface? END
START what is formed when an icefall is covered up? END
START what do ogives prevent from accumulating? END
START what is made of both undulations and color bands? END
START how many countries contain glaciers? END
START which continent contains glaciers? END
START which mountain ranges contain glaciers? END
START where are glaciers in africa located? END
START which sub-antarctic islands have glaciers? END
START what are found on every coninant including australia? END
START what sub-arctic islands do not have glaciers? END
START what australian mountain has a glacier? END
START what are spreading rapidly in new guinea? END
START do glaciers require permanent snow or only temporary coverage? END
START between which north latitudes are glaciers not found? END
START between which latitudes to mountains tend to have permanent snow? END
START why do mountains between 19n and 19s tend to have snow? END
START what affects the perminant ice layer needed for glaciers to form? END
START what can be found in every country from 20 degrees to 27 degess north and south of the equator? END
START at what lattitudes does the hadley circulation rais percipitation? END
START at what latitudes does low percipitation lead to permanent snow? END
START which areas in antartica are considered polar deserts? END
START why can't glaciers form in polar deserts? END
START does cold or warm air facilitate the transport of water vapor? END
START what is inevitable at hight latitudes? END
START what kind of deserts do glaciers form in? END
START what does cold air transport? END
START what formed in central and north alaska during the last ice age due to the extreme cold? END
START what cause glacial stiations? END
START what can scientists deduct from the direction of the striations? END
START what are chatter marks? END
START how are chatter marks formed? END
START what charactrerizes glacial striations? END
START what is formed when glaciers lack boulders? END
START what helps scientists determine the speed of a glacier? END
START what is formed when glaciers crush boulders? END
START when are glacial moraines visible? END
START how are glacial moraines formed? END
START where are lateral moraines found? END
START how are medial moraines formed? END
START what are ground moraines also called? END
START what are no longer visable after a glacier retreats? END
START what type of moraines are formed at the begining of the glacier? END
START what mraines are formed when two ice sheets meet? END
START what blankets the surface of a glacier? END
START what are upslope from the equilibrium line? END
START what shape do mountain valleys have pre-glacation? END
START what gives mountain vallys their characteristic "v" shape before glacation? END
START how is a fjord formed? END
START what shape do glacial valleys have after being widened by glacation? END
START what has a v shape after a glacier recedes? END
START what are u shaped before glaciation? END
START what fills depressions to form fjord? END
START what do glacial valleys run into to form paternoster lakes? END
START on which side is a cirque opened? END
START where does ice start accululating in a glacier? END
START what is a narrow ridge formed by two cirques eroding back to back called? END
START what are extremely steep cirques called? END
START how many sides are closed in a typical cirque? END
START what is on the side that ascends out of a valley? END
START what do cirques gorm in mountains? END
START what are shallow cirques called? END
START what is another name for roche moutonnee? END
START what are roche moutonnee? END
START how large are roche moutonnee? END
START what shape do roche moutonnee have on their "up" side? END
START what shape do roche moutonnee have on their "down" side? END
START what are ice formations made by glaciers called? END
START what are short round bedrock knobs? END
START what are steep on their upside and and gentle on their down side? END
START what is smooth on the downstream side? END
START where is post-glacial rebound occuring most? END
START what has the ability to depress the crust of the earth into the mantle? END
START with what speed does post-glacial rebound occur? END
START how much of a glacier's thickness is usually involved during crust depression into the mantle? END
START where has post-glacial rebound stopped occuring? END
START what totals a thirs of the glaciers length? END
START what happens quickly after the ice sheet melts? END
START what pushes up the mantle of the earth? END
START what is the largest cable company in the world by revenue? END
START what merged companies are the largest pay tv entity in the world? END
START comcast is also the largest media company in the united states in what broadband area? END
START in what areas of the us does comcast operate? END
START where is comcast company headquarters? END
START what did comcast corporation change its name to? END
START how many states does at&t serve? END
START where is the at&t headquarters? END
START what company merged with comcast, making it the largest tv company? END
START what is the largest home internet provider in the world? END
START what are some of the cable tv networks owned by comcast? END
START what two national over-the-air broadcast entities are owned by comcast? END
START comcast owns what movie studio? END
START what company did comcast propose a merger with? END
START what date did comcast drop their proposed merger agreement with time warner? END
START what countries is comcast planning to open new attractions in? END
START when did the deal with time warner officially go through? END
START what are the names of the cable-only channels by time warner? END
START how many entertainment venues does time warner have? END
START how much is comcast worth? END
START what is the largest criticism leveled by consumers against comcast END
START it has been alleged that comcast's internet service has done what to customers?  END
START what monopolistic practice draws criticism of comcast? END
START what dubious distinction has comcast earned twice from the consumerist? END
START how does comcast's customer service stack up against its competition? END
START what year did comcast first violate net neutrality? END
START what title was the consumerist given in 2010 and 2014? END
START what company has the highest customer satisfaction in the us? END
START antitrust concerns have been dismissed because comcast does not own what company? END
START what type of definition does the consumerist use? END
START who is the current head of comcast? END
START who co-founded comcast? END
START in what year was roberts ranked as the country's highest-paid executive? END
START what was roberts' yearly salary in that year? END
START what is roberts power on the comcast board? END
START who is brian l. robert's son? END
START what percentage of voting power does susan p. crawford have? END
START what is susan p. crawford's salary? END
START when did roberts become the ceo of comcast? END
START what type of supervoting shares does robert not have? END
START besides customer problems, what other area is comcast often criticized over? END
START what online media outlet ran an investigative series on comcast in 2014? END
START how many comcast employees were interviewed for that investigative report? END
START what online publication ran a feature from a comcast employee in 2014 that received attention? END
START what was this 2014 article anonymously penned by a comcast employee called? END
START what did the huffington post in 2014? END
START what social media platform interviewed comcast employees? END
START what was the name of the verge's investigative series? END
START how many publications picked up the 2012 reddit post? END
START what has comcast replaced its obsession with sales with? END
START what is comcast's stance on organized labor? END
START a 2004 labor dispute in what city highlighted comcast's anti-labor stance? END
START what was one anti-union thing that workers in beaverton were required to do? END
START what creative union aired grievances against comcast in 2011? END
START in what internal publication was comcast's union stance formally enumerated? END
START where are the offices for the writers guild of america? END
START what does the initialism cwa stand for? END
START what does comcast believe is best for its employees? END
START what type of meetings did the writers guild of america protest? END
START what company represented comcast's policies in 2004? END
START what magazine listed comcast as one of its top places to work? END
START what is comcast's affiliated entity in philadelphia? END
START what newspaper named comcast it's top place to work? END
START in what year did this newspaper confer this honor on comcast? END
START on what aspect did black enterprise magazine name comcast a top 15 employer? END
START what magazine was determined as one of the best places to work in 2009? END
START what company lacks employee diversity? END
START what newspaper was deemed the best place to work? END
START what is cablefax known for? END
START the washington post mentioned the comcast organization in which city? END
START what was comcast's share value in 1999? END
START what was comcast's share value in 2009? END
START comcast's revenues in 2009 were how much? END
START what was comcast's profit margin in 2009? END
START what caused a 2012 spike in comcast profits? END
START what were shares worth in 2012? END
START where were the olympics in 2012? END
START how much revenue (in billions) did comcast generate due to high-speed internet customers? END
START what percentage of new customers did comcast increase by in 2012? END
START what sports event caused revenues to double from 1999 to 2009? END
START what was comcast's lobbying budget in 2013? END
START where did this lobbying budget place the company among all entities in the country? END
START what is the name of the industry association that represents all cable companies in washington? END
START what is the name of comcast's affiliated political action committee? END
START how much did this pac raise for candidates in us elections from 2011 through 2012? END
START what is the seventh largest lobbying company in the world? END
START who is the vice president of the national cable & telecommunications association? END
START how much did comcast spend on lobbying efforts in 2012? END
START why is barack obama no longer a registered lobbyist? END
START what bills has comcast opposed? END
START when did ralph roberts get into the cable tv business? END
START who were roberts' business partners in this purchase? END
START what company did this partnership purchase? END
START what city did american cable systems do business in? END
START how many customers did acs have when roberts and his partners purchased it? END
START how much was jerrold electronics? END
START which two partners owned jerrold electronics? END
START how many customers did storecast corporation of america have in 1963? END
START what did ralph j. roberts sell in 1963? END
START american cable systems was the parent company of what spin-off? END
START how many paying customers did comcast have in 1994? END
START comcast's customer base in 1994 was good enough for what national ranking among its competition? END
START what sports network was comcast a founding investor of? END
START in what year did comcast take over a majority interest in qvc? END
START what company did comcast sell its interest in qvc to in 2004? END
START how many additional subscribers did comcast receive by merging with maclean-hunter? END
START how much was the comcast uk branch purchased for? END
START what percentage of cbs did comcast own? END
START when did comcast buy liberty media? END
START how much did comcast sell the golf channel for in 2004? END
START what was comcast's telecommunication business prior to 1999? END
START what company did comcast sell their telecommunications company to? END
START how much was comcast cellular sold for in 1999? END
START what internet commerce company did comcast invest in? END
START mediaone merged with what telecommunications company? END
START how much did comcast pay to purchase greater philadelphia cablvision? END
START what company turned down at&t's offer? END
START what month did verisign start? END
START how much debt did sbc communications have? END
START who sold comcast cellular to comcast? END
START when did comcast acquire the cable assets of at&t broadband? END
START what did comcast pay for this subsidiary? END
START what was the original name of at&t broadband and comcast going to be? END
START when comcast purchased at&t broadband, how many customers did they service? END
START comcast's advertising and commercial production branch was called what? END
START how many customers did at&t broadband bring to comcast? END
START what was comcast spotlight renamed as? END
START what year was comcast advertising sales renamed? END
START what city is comcast spotlight located in? END
START how much did at&t purchase comcast for? END
START what media conglomerate did comcast try to buy in 2004? END
START how much money did comcast offer for this company? END
START what month in 2004 did comcast drop it's bid for this company? END
START comcast dropped their bid to focus on acquiring what sports network? END
START besides offering money, what else did comcast include in their proposal to buy disney? END
START how much debt did comcast have in 2004? END
START what percent of espn does comcast own? END
START what is the most important asset espn owns? END
START how much did comcast bid for espn? END
START during what month did disney accept comcast's bid? END
START comcast joined with what media company to acquire a movie studio in 2005? END
START what movie studios did comcast and their partner buy? END
START what pennsylvania cable provider did comcast buy controlling interest in during 2005? END
START when did comcast formally announce its purchase of this cable provider? END
START how much did comcast pay for this cable tv provider? END
START what did comcast and mgm buy in 2005? END
START where is mgm located? END
START how much did comcast purchase mgm for? END
START how much of lenfest did comcast own? END
START how many internet customers did the partnership with sony pictures garner comcast? END
START what was the name of the interface front-end introduced by comcast in 2007? END
START what company designed this interface? END
START smartzone used what company's antivirus protection? END
START the contacts and address book for smartzone was called what? END
START when was smartzone rolled out to customers? END
START when did comcast team up with hewlett-packard? END
START when did comcast launch zimbra? END
START what did zimbra allow users to do with their contacts? END
START what is smartzone's email called? END
START what was the name of the hewlett-packard antivirus software? END
START what bankrupt company did comcast partner with another broadband provider to acquire in 2005? END
START who was comcast's partner in the deal for adelphia? END
START what was the price to take over adelphia? END
START what government organization investigated details of this acquisition? END
START when was this deal finalized? END
START how long did it take for adelphia cable to go bankrupt? END
START who partnered with comcast to buy out time warner? END
START how much did the fcc charge comcast and time warner for the investigation? END
START when did the fcc object to the deal? END
START when did comcast bankrupt? END
START what media conglomerate did comcast begin preliminary talks to buy in 2009? END
START what was nbc's parent company in 2009? END
START what ownership stake did ccomcast get in this deal? END
START what company was forced to sell its interest in nbcuniversal as part of the purchase deal? END
START what other cable company was reputed to have an interest in nbcuniversal? END
START when did cnbc announce comcast had bought nbcuniversal? END
START how much of nbcuniversal did cnbc announce time warner would own? END
START how much stock was vivendi forced to buy? END
START who is the ceo of comcast? END
START who reported that time warner was placing a bid in november 2009? END
START on what date was comcast's purchase of controlling interest in nbcuniversal reported? END
START what did comcast pay for their stake in nbc? END
START how did the fcc vote approval of the comcast-nbc deal? END
START on what date was the sale finally completed? END
START on what date did comcast buy out the remaining stake of general electric in nbc? END
START how much did comcast pay to vivendi? END
START the fcc denied the deal by what vote? END
START what did ge add to their logo in december? END
START when did ge announce it planned to buy out comcast's interest? END
START how much did comcast pay for the remaining 49%? END
START what publication originally reported a potential deal between comcast and time warner? END
START what was the value of the deal reported to be at the time? END
START when did comcast hope to complete its deal for time warner? END
START how much was time warner going to pay comcast? END
START who reported time warner had agreed to the deal? END
START what metropolitan areas did comcast give time warner? END
START what was time warner cable attempting to buy? END
START when do time warner and comcast plan to begin the merger? END
START who was the head of the fcc at the time of comcast's proposed purchase of time warner cable? END
START what two organizations had wheeler headed prior to joining the fcc? END
START what senate group held hearings on the purchase? END
START what group sought to investigate the purchase on anti-trust grounds? END
START who was the general counsel of the fcc in 2015? END
START who is the current head of the national cable and telecommunications association? END
START when was tom wheeler the head of the ctia? END
START what day did the house judiciary committee have its hearing? END
START who is the head of politico? END
START who is the chairman of the house judiciary committee? END
START disney and comcast joined forces to allow comcast to air what sports networks? END
START what network was proposed by comcast and the us olympic committee? END
START what city hosted the 2010 winter olympics? END
START what happened to the u.s. olympic network? END
START which espn channels are unavailable for comcast? END
START when did the olympic committee and comcast officially launch their combined network? END
START what city is the us olympic committee located? END
START what did comcast put on hold? END
START when did comcast and disney reach an agreement? END
START what is the name of comcast's channel available to subscribers in east coast markets? END
START what is the name of comcast's subscriber channel in colorado? END
START in what year did comcast entertainment take over operation of colorado's emergency alert system? END
START what new york area sports channel did comcast help found in 2006 END
START what baseball team was comcast's partner in their new york sports network? END
START when did the channel become available in new york, pittsburgh, and richmond? END
START when did comcast partner with altitude sports & entertainment? END
START what is the name of the emergency alert system in philadelphia? END
START what did comcast and the mets creat in 2004? END
START what is the name of time warner cable's variety network? END
START who was the founder of philadelphia sports corporation spectator? END
START comcast's purchase of spectator gave them what sports teams in philadelphia? END
START what was the original name of nbcsn? END
START what was the second name nbcsn was known as? END
START comcast bought naming rights for what college's basketball arena? END
START who founded the philadelphia flyers? END
START what did spectacor buy from comcast? END
START what was the original name of the golf channel? END
START how much did comcast pay spectacor for the controlling stake? END
START what did comcast rename the philadelphia 76ers basketball arena in 2014? END
START what organization rated comcast's customer service the worst in the country in 2004 and 2007? END
START comcast's customer service was rated worse than what government organization? END
START when did the acsi begin doing customer satisfaction surveys? END
START when comcast's customer service rating fell 7%, what happened to its revenues? END
START what prime factor did the acsi use to explain this anomaly? END
START who listed the irs as the company with the worst customer service rating? END
START what is the only industry to score above a 60? END
START how much did customer satisfaction increase by? END
START what company was given the worst customer satisfaction rating in 2001? END
START what has happened to the revenue of the internal revenue service? END
START what organization gave comcast an "f" rating in 2010? END
START in issuing the grade, the corporate library found that a third of comcast's board was how old? END
START how much did comcast pay for flights of its company jet in 2010? END
START what conflict did corporate library note with comcast's board? END
START who is the ceo of the wall street journal? END
START what rating was the corporate library given?  END
START how much was the cost of the nbcu acquisition? END
START what is the average age of comcast's board of directors? END
START what company did comcast give an f to? END
START what name was listed on comcast customer ricardo brown's invoice in january, 2015? END
START what consumer advocate took over the brown's case? END
START what was the amount of disputed money that comcast eventually returned to the browns? END
START comcast eventually refunded how much service time to the browns? END
START comcast also told the browns they would do what to correct the situation with the name change? END
START what was the name of the comcast employee that changed ricardo's name? END
START when did comcast rectify the situation? END
START how much did the browns pay elliott? END
START what did lisa post on her blog? END
START how many years did it take comcast to rectify the situation? END
START what bacterium causes tuberculosis infection? END
START what primary body part is affected by tuberculosis? END
START roughly, what percentage of latent tuberculosis infections result in active tuberculosis? END
START what name has been used to refer to tuberculosis because of associated weight loss? END
START along with cough, weight loss, and night sweats, what's the fourth classic symptom of the disease? END
START what disease is caused by tb? END
START what percentage of infections do not have symptoms? END
START what was consumption originally called? END
START what is an infection with symptoms called? END
START what percentage of patients with latent tb die? END
START how much of the entire population of the planet is estimated to be carrying tuberculosis? END
START how many cases of tuberculosis were active over the course of 2014? END
START in 2014, how many people died from tb? END
START does the majority of fatalities from tb occur in developing countries or industrialized nations? END
START has tb infection increased or decreased worldwide since the start of the 21st century? END
START what percentage of deaths worldwide died from tb in 2014? END
START how many people died from tb in 2000? END
START how many new cases of tb occurred in 2014? END
START when did deaths begin increasing? END
START which asian country has an 80% infection rate? END
START which lobes of the lungs are more often affected by tb? END
START what symptom will result if tb infection causes a rasmussen's aneurysm? END
START what percentage of tuberculosis infections don't ever manifest in symptoms of the disease? END
START if tb becomes chronic, what lasting effect might it have on the lung's upper lobes? END
START approximately what percentage of active tb cases affect the lungs? END
START what percentage of cases include chest pain? END
START what is it called when people have symptoms? END
START what percentage of cases erode into the pulmonary artery? END
START what kind of aneurysm does chest pain in tb patients sometimes result in? END
START what are lower lobes in the lungs often more affected by? END
START what's the medical term for tb when it spreads from the lungs to other parts of the body? END
START at least what percentage of hiv-positive patients who contract tb will experience extrapulmonary infection? END
START along with people with diminished immune function, like hiv patients, what group of people is more likely to develop extrapulmonary tb? END
START if tb infection spreads to the central nervous system, what is it called? END
START what's the other name for "disseminated tuberculosis"? END
START what percentage of young children get extrapulmonary tb? END
START what does a tuberculous ulcer result in? END
START what does disseminated tuberculosis look like? END
START what is another name for osseous tuberculosis? END
START what percentage of hiv positive cases also get military tb? END
START the uniqueness of mycobacterium tuberculosis is due to its high level of what type of molecule? END
START is the division rate of the tb bacterium fast or slow relative to other bacteria? END
START in nature, what "helper" does the mtb bacterium require to grow? END
START how long is the period between division of mtb cells? END
START how much time does it take most bacteria to divide? END
START what is the main cause of mycobacterium tuberculosis? END
START how long can a gram stain last? END
START what grows outside of the cells of a host organism? END
START how often do lipids divide? END
START what divides faster than other bacteria? END
START what's another word for "sputum"? END
START one of the two standard acid-fast staining techniques is the kinyoun stain; what's the other? END
START what color will acid-fast bacilli become when stained? END
START what's the term for bacillus that can be exposed to acidic solutions without losing their stains? END
START if a scientist didn't want to use an acid-fast staining technique, what type of microscopy could they use instead? END
START what is another name for an expectorated sample? END
START what removes all stains from mtb? END
START what is another name for the kinyoun stain? END
START what become blue when stained? END
START what color is auramine-rhodamine staining? END
START which mycobacterium that causes tb can often be found in unpasteurized milk? END
START which one of the tuberculosis mycobacteria is associated with the horn of africa? END
START which of the four tb-causing bacteria do scientists think might be more common than we know? END
START what bacterium has the name of the country it affects most in its name? END
START how many m. tuberculosis complexes are there? END
START which parts of africa is m. africanum most common in? END
START african emigrants are not likely to get what disease in the horn of africa? END
START what form of tuberculosis has pasteurized milk caused? END
START which bacterium has likely been overestimated? END
START if you're around someone with active tb, what's the chance you'll contract it expressed as a percentage? END
START left untreated, about how many people could contract tuberculosis from an active tb patient in a year? END
START about how long will a tb patient receiving effective treatment stay contagious? END
START if you contracted tuberculosis today, what's the estimated gestation period before you could spread the infection to others? END
START what term is interchangeable with "active" when talking about tuberculosis infection? END
START what is the infection rate for people not in close contact with tb? END
START how many people does a person whose tb is being treated infect per year? END
START which type of tb is more infectious than active tb? END
START uninfected people are treated with what regimens? END
START how long is someone contagious if they are recently infected? END
START what specific part of the lungs marks the start of tuberculosis infection? END
START what's the process by which macrophages try to get rid of the tb bacterium? END
START what do you get when you combine a lysosome and a phagosome? END
START what does the m. tuberculosis bacterium have that protects it from being affected by toxins? END
START what vesicle is the temporary holding room for the m. tuberculosis bacterium during phagocytosis? END
START what replicates inside the pulmonary alveoli? END
START what begins when the endosomes reach the pulmonary alveoli? END
START what do the bacterium identify? END
START what envelopes the macrophage? END
START what does the combination of a lysosome and a phagolysosome create? END
START what two-word phrase is used for the main part of the lungs infected by tb? END
START if the lungs are infected by tb via bloodstream, what's the type of focus? END
START in what general area of the lungs is simon focus usually located? END
START what is the term that describes a blood-borne infection, like tb when it travels through the blood to the kidneys or brain? END
START four areas of the body are usually safe from tb infection, including skeletal muscles, heart, and thyroid; what's the fourth? END
START what is the section of lung not affected by tb called? END
START what is another name for ghon focus? END
START what is type of transmission is found in the lungs? END
START where are the peripheral lymph nodes? END
START what disease often affects the heart, skeletal muscles, pancreas, or thyroid? END
START what specific type of disease is tb? END
START what type of cells gather around infected macrophages in a person infected with tb? END
START what type of cell forms when macrophages clump together trying to kill off the tb infection? END
START what's the technical term for abnormal cell death? END
START what natural defensive response is hindered by cells in granulomas that can't send antigen to lymphocytes? END
START what surrounds the lymphocytes? END
START what do infected macrophages form? END
START what is used by bacteria to destroy the host's immune system? END
START which cells serve as antigen to lymphocytes? END
START what is the texture of cheese called? END
START what process replaces tissue damaged by tb? END
START what material can sometimes be expelled by coughing if the cavities it's stored in connect to bronchi? END
START what type of bacteria-attacking medicine will treat tuberculosis? END
START are the bacteria in caseous necrotic material living or dead? END
START what replaces scarring? END
START what is affected tissue filled with? END
START what do cavities join with in the waning period? END
START what medicine treats scar tissue? END
START what joins with air passages to prevent material from being coughed up? END
START is active tb difficult or easy to diagnose by patients' symptoms alone? END
START if a patient has some symptoms associated with tb, after what time period should tuberculosis be diagnostically considered? END
START what part of the body would be x-rayed to check for tb? END
START what sign of tb infection would a lab be looking for in a sputum culture? END
START along with interferon-y release essays, what other tests aren't useful in tb diagnosis in developing countries? END
START what is usually diagnosed using just signs and symptoms? END
START how long do symptoms in someone who is immunosuppressed last? END
START what kind of cultures test for hiv? END
START what kind of tests are common in developing countries? END
START what type of bacilli do interferon-y release assays look for? END
START what result might someone who has received a tb vaccination get from the mantoux test? END
START what does "igras" stand for? END
START in combination with skin tests, are igras associated with an increase or decrease in sensitivity? END
START which test has fewer false positives: igras or the mantoux skin test? END
START what liquid would you need from a patient to perform igras? END
START what is used to test for sarcoidosis? END
START what incorrect result may someone who has not gotten the tb vaccination get? END
START what environmental substance are igras affected by? END
START what has more false-positives than the mantoux tuberculin test? END
START for about how long does full immunity from the tb vaccine last? END
START what percentage of kids in the whole world get the bcg vaccine? END
START is tb common or uncommon in the united states? END
START in addition to the u.s. and canada, what european country sees very few tuberculosis infections? END
START what segment of the population gets the tb vaccine in countries like canada with a very low incidence of infection? END
START what percentage of children have tb? END
START what disease is common in the uk? END
START how long do you have to wait to get the tb vaccine? END
START what is not given to high risk people? END
START which three countries have a high risk of tuberculosis? END
START what group heads up the global plan to stop tuberculosis? END
START in what year did the who say tuberculosis was a "global health emergency"? END
START how many lives did the stop tb partnership vow to save in the nine years between its start and 2015? END
START drug-resistant tb is one of the barriers to success of the stop tb partnership's initiative; what's the other other? END
START what organization created a system to classify various types of tb? END
START what did the world health organization create in 2006? END
START how many lives has stop tb partnership saved? END
START when was the world health organization founded? END
START who developed the classification of hiv-associated tb? END
START when was the tuberculosis classification system created? END
START what part of the mycobacterial cell makes tuberculosis more difficult to treat? END
START isoniazid is one of the two most popular drugs for tb treatment; what's the other one? END
START what complication does the use of combinations of antibiotics for active tb prevent? END
START what's the three-word name for the method where a health care worker watches their patient take their medication? END
START what organization recommends directly observed therapy to make sure people take their antibiotics correctly? END
START what is used to kill antibiotics? END
START the chemical composition of what wall makes tb easy to treat? END
START which two drugs are used simultaneously to treat latent tb? END
START how long are antibiotics ineffective? END
START what health care provider watches the person take their medications? END
START if a person has tb that's resistant to rifampicin and isoniazid, which type of the disease do they have? END
START what's the minimum number of second-line medication classes your tb would have to resist to make it count as "extensively drug-resistant"? END
START in what country was the first case of totally drug-resistant tuberculosis? END
START what's the only antibiotic that might be effective against totally drug-resistant tb? END
START cases of totally drug-resistant tb have been found in what country in addition to italy and india? END
START someone who is not susceptible to mtp develops what? END
START what is low-quality medication an example of a lack of? END
START what was first reported in iran? END
START when was mdr-tb first observed? END
START where was bedaquiline created? END
START as immunosuppression goes up in tuberculosis cases, what risk rises with it?  END
START what disease has a similar relationship as tb does between reactivation and immunosuppression? END
START if you'd been diagnosed with tuberculosis in 1995, how great a chance would you have faced of dying from it? END
START in what year did the risk of dying from tb reach half what it was in 1995? END
START new studies have found that half of reactivation cases of tuberculosis might actually be due to what other "re-" word? END
START reactivation is caused by what disease? END
START what is the risk of reactivation in someone who only has m. tuberculosis? END
START what was the chance of death from hiv in 2008? END
START when did scientists begin to suspect reinfection was worse than previously thought? END
START what methods have recent studies used to examine hiv strains? END
START at any given time, about how much of all the people in the world has m. tuberculosis? END
START approximately how many active tb cases were there in 2012? END
START how many patients were diagnosed with tuberculosis in 2010? END
START about how many people died in 2010 carrying both hiv and tb? END
START what percentage of the world's total population gets infected with tuberculosis every year? END
START how many people died from tb in 2012? END
START what percentage of tb deaths result in death? END
START how many people died in developing countries from tb? END
START what percentage of the population is infected by hiv each year? END
START how many chronic cases of tb were there total in 2012? END
START what infectious disease causes more deaths than tuberculosis? END
START when did new cases of tb infection start going down? END
START what country has had the most success reducing the tb mortality rate? END
START in what decade did some strains of drug-resistant tb start showing up? END
START how much did china reduce its rate of death from tb in the 20 years leading up to 2010? END
START what infections disease causes more deaths than hiv? END
START how much has the us reduced its tb mortality rate by? END
START what country has reduced its hiv mortality rate the most? END
START when did hiv-associated tuberculosis become more common? END
START which named country tests positive for tb in about 80% of its population? END
START out of every 100,000 people in swaziland in 2007, how many were infected with tuberculosis? END
START what country had a record-setting 2 million new cases of tb in 2007? END
START what people in australia and canada have a much higher risk of tb infection than other residents? END
START what indigenous people in the u.s. are five times more likely to die from tb? END
START what percentage of tb cases in america are diagnosed in minority groups? END
START what percentage of tb cases worldwide are minorities? END
START how many new cases in millions did swaziland have in 2007? END
START what is mostly found in remote areas in developed countries? END
START what was the rate of tb cases per 100,000 people in swaziland in 2010? END
START how much greater is the mortality rate from tb for racial and ethnic minorities? END
START what animal was found with 17,000-year-old damage from tuberculosis? END
START what does mtbc stand for? END
START during what time period do some scientist believe the first human could have contracted tb from an ancestor they shared with animals? END
START in which u.s. state was the oldest definitive evidence of tb found? END
START when was wyoming discovered? END
START which gene was concluded to come from animals? END
START what period did the bison live in? END
START what did animals get tb from? END
START what species have we definitively traced the origin of tb to? END
START who discovered m. tuberculosis? END
START what year was koch awarded a nobel prize? END
START koch's conviction that human and bovine strains of tb were unrelated meant more people were exposed by drinking what? END
START what did koch call the ineffective treatment for tb he came up with in 1890? END
START what event is celebrated on march 24th to recognize the test for latent tb? END
START who started world tuberculosis day? END
START what did koch believe was similar to bovine tuberculosis? END
START what year did world tuberculosis day start? END
START what remedy did koch win a nobel prize for? END
START when did koch describe the connection between tb and infected milk? END
START what was tuberculosis called in 19th-century england? END
START how many deaths out of every six in france during 1918 were attributed to tuberculosis? END
START in what decade was tb's communicability finally realized? END
START what did britain try to get people to stop doing to reduce the spread of tb in public? END
START what were the "treatment" facilities for poor people with tb in the early 1900s called? END
START how many deaths in france were caused by tb in 1815? END
START when were deaths from tb in england reduced to one in six? END
START when did france put tb on the notifiable disease list? END
START what percent of people who contracted tb died? END
START where did poor people get excellent healthcare? END
START when did the incidence of tb in europe reach its highest point? END
START when tuberculosis was at its worst in europe, what percentage of deaths was tb-related? END
START what british health organization made tuberculosis its top priority at its start? END
START what year was the medical research council created? END
START about how much had the death rate from tb been reduced in europe by the midpoint of the 20th century? END
START what percentage of deaths were caused by tb in the 1950s? END
START what reduced rates of mortality in the 1950s? END
START what organization brought antibiotics to britain? END
START what year did streptomycin arrive? END
START what member of leadership at the global fund to fight aids, tuberculosis and malaria called tb a "pandemic"? END
START what country covers treatment for tuberculosis for its citizens? END
START what organization said some countries might be spending as much as $150 billion each year on tb? END
START what population segment in china struggles to get follow-up care for tb infection? END
START what do some people think we need more of to prevent for-profit providers of tb treatment from over-prescribing? END
START what groups might help tuberculosis patients share with and support each other? END
START education about tb seems to decrease the stigma of the disease and lead to what other positive effect? END
START what do some people say is even worse than the effects of tuberculosis itself? END
START what group of people can add to the tb stigma by treating patients as troublesome or unwanted? END
START as recently as what year were there no studies on how tb mortality is connected to stigma? END
START when did studies begin linking mortality to stigma? END
START what have studies claimed are worse than the stigma? END
START how are people with aids perceived? END
START what will stigma reduction result in in regards to understanding? END
START who have been performing studies on the relationship between stigma and mortality? END
START what vaccine are researchers trying to improve on? END
START what phase of clinical trials have some new vaccine options reached? END
START what does one option propose adding to the existing bcg vaccine?  END
START what's the name of the subunit vaccine being studied in south africa? END
START what genetically modified virus was used to develop mva85a? END
START what candidate is in phase i and ii? END
START what is added to a subunit vaccine? END
START where is bcg in trials? END
START how many main limitations does the bcg vaccine have? END
START what virus is bcg based on? END
START what organization did the bill and melinda gates foundation donate $280 million to? END
START policymakers believe tax incentives, market commitments, and what third incentive will speed up vaccine development? END
START what group with the initials satvi is researching tb vaccines? END
START what nonprofit tuberculosis research foundation has a verb in its name? END
START who gave the bill and melinda gates foundation $280 mil? END
START what is the prize for vaccine development set at? END
START who gifted stop tb partnership a large amount of money for improving vaccinations? END
START where is stop tb partnership working? END
START what drug in the running to treat multi drug resistant tb has already gotten fda approval? END
START what year did the u.s. food and drug administration approve bedaquiline? END
START despite fda approval, how much more likely to die are patients who take bedaquiline in addition to the standard tb regimen? END
START opposition to the use of bedaquiline think what providers were influenced by a connection with the drug company? END
START what type of publication has put out articles questioning bedaquiline's safety? END
START what are the names of the multi-drug resistant strains of tuberculosis? END
START when did delamind receive fda approval? END
START what happens to the death rate for people taking delamind? END
START what is delamind taken alongside of? END
START who approved the drug delamanid? END
START outside of employment, what is the other main issue that affirmative action focuses on? END
START affirmative action attempts to ask institutions to grant extra consideration to what group of people outside of native americans and women? END
START studies showed that discrimination in both business sectors and education resulted in advantages for what group of people? END
START affirmative action does not only attempt to remove disadvantages, but also to ensure what about the number of people in a field? END
START outside of employment, what is the other lesser issue that affirmative action focuses on? END
START affirmative action attempts to ask institutions to grant extra consideration to what group of people outside of native americans and men? END
START  studies showed that discrimination in both business sectors and education resulted in disadvantages for what group of people? END
START affirmative action does attempts to remove disadvantages, but also to ensure what about the number of people in a field? END
START what is another example aside from racial quotes of affirmative action for collegiate admissions? END
START having quotas regarding admissions or employment has been criticized and said to be what kind of discrimination? END
START what case determined that some implementation of affirmative action was unconstitutional? END
START in which time period did discrimination policies originate from? END
START what do critics of affirmative action believe should be the main factor in hiring? END
START what is another example aside from racial quotes of non-affirmative action for collegiate admissions? END
START not having quotas regarding admissions or employment has been criticized and said to be what kind of discrimination? END
START what case determined that some implementation of affirmative action was constitutional? END
START  in which time period did discrimination policies not originate from? END
START what do critics of affirmative action believe should not be the main factor in hiring? END
START when did the reconstruction era end? END
START who proposed that land be divided and split up among families of color? END
START what was the policy of dividing land among families of color referred to as? END
START which part of the constitution was the basis for policies that were developed during the civil rights movement? END
START who was the first person to utilize the term "affirmative action"? END
START when did the deconstruction era end? END
START when did the deconstruction era start? END
START who proposed that land be divided and split up among white families? END
START  who was the last person to utilize the term "affirmative action"? END
START in which document did the term "affirmative action" first appear? END
START who was the author of the national labor relations act? END
START who did employers routinely blacklist of fire? END
START who was able to review complaints about possible worker discrimination? END
START which group of people did the wagner act fail to protect? END
START  in which document did the term "non-affirmative action" first appear? END
START  who was the author of the national non-labor relations act? END
START  who did employers routinely hire? END
START who wasn't able to review complaints about possible worker discrimination? END
START which group of people did the wagner act protect? END
START who was the true backer of the cause of affirmative action? END
START what position of power did harold l. ickes hold? END
START the first introduction of a quota system mandated that contractors had to do what? END
START which piece of legislation prevented any discrimination in the defense industry and government? END
START what does the fepc stand for? END
START who was the true backer of the cause of non-affirmative action? END
START  what position of power did clark l. ickes hold? END
START the first introduction of a quota system mandated that contractors can't do what? END
START  which piece of legislation didn't prevent any discrimination in the defense industry and government? END
START  what does the fppc stand for? END
START what group was established in response to executive order 9808? END
START what was the executive order 9808 issued in response to? END
START in which year were the "to secure these rights" findings published? END
START what was the committee especially disturbed by as indicated in their report? END
START who in the generation following the "to secure these rights" findings sign legislation for affirmative action into law? END
START  what group was established in response to executive order 9108? END
START  what was the executive order 988 issued in response to? END
START in which year were the "don't secure these rights" findings published? END
START what was the committee not at all disturbed by as indicated in their report? END
START the "to secure these rights" findings wanted desegregation of which institution? END
START which risk associated with serving was specifically highlighted by the findings? END
START what did the findings say occurred to an individual when he enters the armed services? END
START discrimination that prevented minorities from serving their country to the best of their abilities was seen as what? END
START the "to secure these rights" findings did not want desegregation of which institution? END
START which risk associated with serving wasn't specifically highlighted by the findings? END
START what did the findings say occurred to an individual when he leaves the armed services? END
START discrimination that prevented minorities from serving their country to the best of their abilities wasn't seen as what? END
START who was the first president to address the naacp? END
START how many people were present at the speech that truman made? END
START where did truman's historic speech take place? END
START during the speech, truman made the statement that each man should be guaranteed what? END
START who's authority did truman want to increase throughout the states? END
START  who was the first president to address the nicp? END
START  how many people left the speech that truman made? END
START where did truman's historic speech end? END
START during the speech, truman made the statement that each man shouldn't be guaranteed what? END
START who's authority did truman want to decrease throughout the states? END
START what day did truman mandate the end of discrimination in the federal government? END
START how many executive orders were issued to help prevent discrimination? END
START what was the name given to executive order 9980? END
START which position was formulated as a result of executive order 9980? END
START what name was given to executive order 9981? END
START what day did truman mandate the beginning of discrimination in the federal government? END
START how many executive orders were issued to help provide discrimination? END
START  what was the name given to executive order 9180? END
START which position was formulated as a result of executive order 9? END
START  what name was given to executive order 9181? END
START which year was eisenhower elected president? END
START who did eisenhower believe should be allowed to decide the nature of discrimination laws? END
START what was established in 1953? END
START what was the main purpose of the government contract committee? END
START who was the chairman of the newly established committee? END
START  which year was eisenhower elected vice-president? END
START who did eisenhower believe should be disallowed to decide the nature of discrimination laws? END
START  what was established in 1913? END
START what was the last purpose of the government contract committee? END
START  who was the chairman of the old committee? END
START who criticized president eisenhower during the 1960 presidential election? END
START what was john f. kennedy's criticism of the president based on? END
START which order was issued soon after kennedy took office? END
START what does pceeo stand for? END
START what was the immediate penalty for a federal contractor for not obeying the executive order? END
START who criticized president eisenhower during the 1930 presidential election? END
START  what was john f. kennedy's support of the president based on? END
START which order was issued soon after kennedy lost office? END
START  what does pelco stand for? END
START what was the immediate penalty for a federal contractor for obeying the executive order? END
START when did president kennedy issue executive order 11114? END
START what was the main aim of executive order 11114? END
START what was anyone who received federal funding of any sort required to do under the executive order? END
START when did president kennedy issue executive order 13? END
START what was the main aim of executive order 14? END
START what was anyone who received federal funding of any sort required to do without the executive order? END
START which executive order first contained the phrase "affirmative action"? END
START who chaired the committee created by executive order 10925? END
START who co - authored the executive order? END
START what was the alternative phrase to "affirmative action" that was being considered? END
START what was the main reason that "affirmative action" was chosen over "positive action"? END
START which executive order didn't contain the phrase "affirmative action"? END
START  who chaired the committee destroyed by executive order 10925? END
START  who co - authored the non-executive order? END
START what was the alternative phrase to "non-affirmative action" that was being considered? END
START what was the main reason that "non-affirmative action" was chosen over "positive action"? END
START who had issues with jfk's proposal? END
START who filed complaints quickly after the executive order was implemented? END
START which company was targeted by the naacp for not having fair practices? END
START who did lockheed sign an agreement with to seek out more minority workers? END
START which laws did the corporations in the south associate with in order to ignore the federal recommendations? END
START who had issues with jfk's rejection? END
START who filed complaints quickly before the executive order was implemented? END
START which company was targeted by the naacp for having fair practices? END
START who did lockheed sign an agreement with to seek out more minority workers? END
START  which laws did the corporations in the north associate with in order to ignore the federal recommendations? END
START which piece of legislation quickly followed president kennedy's assassination? END
START outside of the private business regulations, what was the other aim of the civil rights act? END
START which other executive order did the civil right's act work closely with? END
START what was the purpose of title vii of the civil rights act? END
START what was the goal of the equal employment opportunity c omission? END
START which piece of legislation quickly followed vice-president kennedy's assassination? END
START outside of the private business regulations, what was the other aim of the non-civil rights act? END
START which other executive order did the civil right's act not work closely with? END
START  what was the purpose of title vii of the non-civil rights act? END
START which section of the legislation was considered the most controversial? END
START what did critics claim that title vii advocate? END
START which senator fought back against the criticism of title vii? END
START who was one of the key members that humphrey managed to convince to support the bill? END
START what position of importance other than senator did everett dirksen hold? END
START which section of the legislation was considered the least controversial? END
START  what did supporters claim that title vii advocate? END
START  which mayor fought back against the criticism of title vii? END
START  who was one of the key members that humphrey managed to convince to reject the bill? END
START what position of importance other than mayor did everett dirksen hold? END
START who followed in johnson's footsteps in terms of ensuring equal opportunity? END
START which piece of legislation was begun in 1969? END
START which industry of jobs did the legislation target? END
START aside from the construction industry, which other group was one of the main offenders against equal opportunity laws? END
START who held the position of assistant secretary of labor? END
START who followed in johnson's footsteps in terms of ensuring unequal opportunity? END
START  which piece of legislation was ended in 1969? END
START  which industry of jobs did the legislation not target? END
START aside from the construction industry, which other group was one of the main offenders against unequal opportunity laws? END
START who held the position of secretary of labor? END
START in terms of advancement, what happened to the progression of affirmative action after the nixon administration? END
START what was one of the primary reasons that the issue of affirmative action lost its momentum? END
START which administration allowed affirmative action to take a backseat to other issues? END
START in terms of advancement, what happened to the progression of non-affirmative action after the nixon administration? END
START what was one of the primary reasons that the issue of non-affirmative action lost its momentum? END
START which administration allowed affirmative action to take a frontseat to other issues? END
START what kind of classification was subject to strict scrutiny? END
START what was the only situation in which a racial classification could be considered acceptable? END
START who later confirmed that racial classifications were only to be upheld if they were necessary? END
START what is an example case that can help display where upholding a racial classification is beneficial? END
START what kind of classification was not subject to strict scrutiny? END
START what was the only situation in which a racial classification could be considered unacceptable? END
START who later confirmed that racial classifications were only to be upheld if they were unnecessary? END
START what is an example case that can help display where upholding a racial classification is not beneficial? END
START which case concerning white and hispanic firefighters was heard by the supreme court in 2009? END
START where was the issue of white and hispanic firefighters heard in the case based out of? END
START how many whites were given the possibility of immediate promotion as a result of taking the controversial test? END
START what percentage of those people taking the test were african american? END
START what was the final vote count for the supreme court over the issue? END
START which case concerning white and hispanic firefighters was heard by the supreme court in 2019? END
START where was the issue of white and black firefighters heard in the case based out of? END
START how many whites were given the possibility of immediate firing as a result of taking the controversial test? END
START what percentage of those people taking the test were asian american? END
START which president declared that discrimination is contrary to the constitutional principles of the united states? END
START which piece of legislation did president kennedy use to claim that discrimination was a violation of the constitution? END
START what were the affected industries in terms of regulation as a result of executive order 10925? END
START which president declared that discrimination is contrary to the constitutional principles of the uk? END
START which piece of legislation did president kennedy use to claim that discrimination was not a violation of the constitution? END
START  what were the affected industries in terms of deregulation as a result of executive order 10925? END
START other than being race and gender based, what did believers in affirmative action also feel that the system discriminated against? END
START which organization believed in the class based argument? END
START what group of people did the aapf claim affirmative action created? END
START what does the aapf believe the foundation for the class based argument is? END
START what does the aapf believe the goal of affirmative action should be? END
START other than being race and gender based, what did believers in affirmative action also feel that the system did not discriminate against END
START which organization believed in the non-class based argument? END
START  what group of people did the aapf claim affirmative action did not create? END
START what does the aapf believe the foundation for the class based agreement is? END
START  what does the aapf believe the goal of non-affirmative action should be? END
START what major event preceded the growth of the divide in education between white and black americans? END
START what was considered to be a major cause of the increase in educational gap? END
START what did returning black veterans not receive? END
START how many servicemen and women were educated as a result of the gi bill? END
START what opportunities were few for black veterans? END
START what major event preceded the growth of the divide in education between white and asian americans? END
START what was not considered to be a major cause of the increase in educational gap? END
START  what did returning white veterans not receive? END
START  how many servicemen and women weren't educated as a result of the gi bill? END
START  what opportunities were few for hispanic veterans? END
START who conducted a study about the origins of "latinos"? END
START how much of the latino population did mexican americans, puerto ricans and cuban americans make up in 1991? END
START in relation to other major ethnic groups, what is the education level of latinos? END
START what was the percentage increase of the high school completion rate for african americans between 1975 and 1990? END
START how many of the total bachelor degrees awarded in 1990 went to latinos? END
START who conducted a study about the origins of "blacks"? END
START how much of the latino population did mexican americans, puerto ricans and cuban americans make up in 1911? END
START in relation to other major ethnic groups, what is the education level of blacks? END
START how many of the total bachelor degrees awarded in 1992 went to latinos? END
START which groups can be categorized as native americans? END
START when did the native americans lose their land? END
START where were native americans forced to live after they lost their land? END
START how much land did the native americans own in 1934? END
START in relation to whites, what was the poverty rate for native americans in 1990? END
START which groups can be categorized as non-native americans? END
START  when did the native americans win their land? END
START where were native americans forced to live after they won their land? END
START  how much land did the native americans own in 1914? END
START what form of discrimination did early asian immigrants experience? END
START what law type did asian immigrants struggle with? END
START which piece of legislature marked the start of discrimination against asians? END
START which bill was passed in an attempt to limit or prevent asian immigration? END
START according to studies, what are asians perceived to be lacking? END
START m of discrimination did early african immigrants experience? END
START  what law type did african immigrants struggle with? END
START  which bill was passed in an attempt to provide for asian immigration? END
START what is one of the issues with affirmative action? END
START how do people who are in favor of affirmative action view it? END
START what does affirmative action supposedly aim to do? END
START what do proponents of affirmative action believe is the best way to combat exclusionary practices? END
START what is one of the issues with non-affirmative action? END
START  how do people who aren't in favor of affirmative action view it? END
START  what does affirmative action supposedly not aim to do? END
START what do proponents of affirmative action believe is the worst way to combat exclusionary practices? END
START which president made their stance on affirmative action clear in 1995? END
START how long after his inauguration was bill clinton's speech? END
START which speech did bill clinton's speech draw parallels to? END
START what did president clinton claim would not be enough to give everyone in american equality? END
START what was president clinton's response to the claim that affirmative action was hurting the white middle class. END
START which president made their stance on non-affirmative action clear in 1995? END
START  how soon after his inauguration was bill clinton's speech? END
START which speech did bill clinton's speech draw differences from? END
START what did president clinton claim would be enough to give everyone in american equality? END
START what was president clinton's response to the claim that affirmative action was not hurting the white middle class.? END
START where was the national conference of state legislatures held in 2014? END
START what did proponents of affirmative action claim some of the effects of policies that support affirmative action had done? END
START what has the concept of workplace diversity caused employers to do? END
START having a diverse workplace allows for employers to do what? END
START which organization claims that private sector employers believe having a diverse workplace is beneficial? END
START where was the national conference of state legislatures held in 2024? END
START what did proponents of affirmative action claim some of the effects of policies that reject affirmative action had done? END
START what has the concept of workplace diversity caused employers not to do? END
START  having a diverse workplace allows for employers to not do what? END
START what does aaup stand for? END
START what were the effects of affirmative action on universities according to the study done by the aaup? END
START what did a study claim about the beliefs of faculty members on increased diversity? END
START who supposedly suffers no detrimental effects from classroom diversity? END
START in which year did the aaup release their study? END
START what does adup stand for? END
START what were the effects of affirmative action on universities according to the study done by the aalp? END
START what did a study claim about the beliefs of faculty members on decreased diversity? END
START who supposedly suffers a lot of detrimental effects from classroom diversity? END
START in which year did the alup release their study? END
START who claims that artificially raising minority students into schools has a negative effect on them? END
START what was a negative effect of affirmative action according to richard sander? END
START where do half of the black college students rank in terms of their performance relative to the rest of their class? END
START what is the failure rate for black law school graduates compared to whites for the bar exam? END
START who claims that artificially raising minority students into schools has a positive effect on them? END
START what was a postive effect of affirmative action according to richard sander? END
START where do half of the white college students rank in terms of their performance relative to the rest of their class? END
START what is the failure rate for black law school graduates compared to asians for the bar exam? END
START which idea is the controversy of affirmative action primarily based upon? END
START other than african americans, who do detractors of affirmative action claim benefit most from affirmative action? END
START at who's expense other than asian americans are upper-class african americans and hispanic americans supposedly benefiting? END
START what do some people believe should be the basis for affirmative action instead of race based legislation? END
START who primarily makes up america's poor group? END
START which idea is the controversy of non-affirmative action primarily based upon? END
START other than asian americans, who do detractors of affirmative action claim benefit most from affirmative action? END
START at whose expense other than african americans are upper-class african americans and hispanic americans supposedly benefiting? END
START what do some people believe should be the basis for affirmative action instead of religion based legislation? END
START  who primarily makes up america's rich group? END
START where were the italian american professors employed that asked to be added as an affirmative action category? END
START which year did the italian american professors make their request? END
START what category of race do italian americans normally fall under? END
START what was the title of the book written by thomas sowell? END
START why would italian americans want to get themselves designated as members of a preferred group? END
START where were the irish american professors employed that asked to be added as an affirmative action category? END
START  which year did the irish american professors make their request? END
START  what category of race do irish americans normally fall under? END
START what was the title of the song written by thomas sowell? END
START why would italian americans want to get themselves designated as members of a non-preferred group? END
START what book did frederick lynch author? END
START what did white males feel was happening to them as a result of affirmative action? END
START what moral position does shelby steele hold? END
START what does shelby steele believe that the true concept of affirmative action is? END
START what book did frederick lynch burn? END
START what did black males feel was happening to them as a result of affirmative action? END
START  what moral position does shelby steele disagree with? END
START what does shelby steele believe that the false concept of affirmative action is? END
START which book did terry eastland write? END
START outside of promoting diversity, was does eastland believe the other reason to be in favor of affirmative action is? END
START what did eastland believe the founders of affirmative action did not consider? END
START why does sowell believe that there is little to no incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best? END
START what argument does sowell make in his claim that non - preferred minorities have less incentive to perform at their best? END
START which song did terry eastland write? END
START outside of promoting diversity, was does eastland believe the other reason to be against affirmative action is? END
START what did westland believe the founders of affirmative action did not consider? END
START why does sowell believe that there is a lot of incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best? END
START what argument does sowell make in his claim that preferred minorities have less incentive to perform at their best? END
START what is a definition of reverse discrimination? END
START what do some commentators claim the irony of policies resulting from affirmative action is? END
START who is an example of someone that states that affirmative action is another form of discrimination? END
START what does the opposition of affirmative action believe should be the main key in determining acceptance in employment or education? END
START an argument against affirmative action is that it encourages what? END
START what is a definition of discrimination? END
START  what do some commentators reject the irony of policies resulting from affirmative action is? END
START who is an example of someone that states that affirmative action is not another form of discrimination? END
START what does the opposition of affirmative action believe should be the main key in determining acceptance in unemployment? END
START  an argument against affirmative action is that it discourages what? END
START what is a typical argument in favor of affirmative action? END
START in the compensation argument, who should supposedly have to make up for past discrimination against blacks? END
START which argument is being made by those who oppose affirmative action in relation to the compensation argument? END
START in terms of whites, what is an argument that is used to try and refute the benefits of affirmative action as it relates to the compensation argument? END
START according to opposition believers, who should be punished for discrimination? END
START what is a typical argument against affirmative action? END
START in the compensation argument, who should supposedly have to make up for past discrimination against whites? END
START which argument is being made by those who support affirmative action in relation to the compensation argument? END
START in terms of blacks, what is an argument that is used to try and refute the benefits of affirmative action as it relates to the compensation argument? END
START other than failing to achieve its goal, what else do opponents to affirmative action claim it has? END
START other than benefiting more privileged people within minority groups, what is another argument against affirmative action? END
START when was there a vote regarding affirmative action in michigan? END
START how many michigan voters elected to ban affirmative action for university admissions? END
START which court case featured an unprecedented and controversial decision? END
START other than failing to achieve its goal, what else do people who agree with affirmative action claim it has? END
START other than benefiting more privileged people outside of minority groups, what is another argument against affirmative action? END
START  when was there a vote not regarding affirmative action in michigan? END
START how many michigan voters elected to support affirmative action for university admissions? END
START which court case featured an uncontroversial decision? END
START where are racial preferences highlighted the most in the united states? END
START what is another term for kids who get preferential treatment due to their parents attending the same university? END
START which case that went to the supreme court resulted in a decision regarding public universities and affirmative action? END
START what are public universities not allowed to do? END
START instead of being allowed to set numerical targets, what did the court rule that universities are allowed to do? END
START where are racial preferences highlighted the most in the uk? END
START what is another term for kids who don't get preferential treatment due to their parents attending the same university? END
START which case that went to the supreme court resulted in a decision regarding private universities and affirmative action? END
START  what are public universities allowed to do? END
START what does the racial preferences debate indicate about universities and colleges? END
START what claim did ronald dworkin make about the expectations that a college application should not have? END
START what does ronald dworkin believe admission should represent? END
START when can affirmative action be judged to be acceptable in terms of admissions? END
START what does the racial preferences debate not indicate about universities and colleges? END
START what claim did ronald dworkin make about the expectations that a college application should have? END
START when can affirmative action be judged to be unacceptable in terms of admissions? END
START what did the ruling in hopwood v texas set a precedent for in terms of admission policies? END
START what did the law passed by the state of texas guarantee? END
START other than texas and florida, which other state replaced racial quotas? END
START what is one example of what racial quotas were replaced with? END
START after the state passed the top 10% rule, what happened to minority enrollment? END
START what didn't the ruling in hopwood v texas set a precedent for in terms of admission policies? END
START  what did the law passed by the state of texas not guarantee? END
START other than texas and florida, which other state did not replace racial quotas? END
START  what is one example of what racial quotas were not replaced with? END
START what was going on at harvard university during the 2003 - 04 academic year? END
START what did two prominent black professors point out at the panel discussion? END
START what portion of black harvard undergraduates came from families in which all four grandparents were born into the african american community? END
START what did the african american students at harvard that could trace their lineage back multiple generations begin calling themselves? END
START other than the reasons for the under representation of african americans, what else is still up for debate? END
START what was going on at harvard university during the 2007 - 08 academic year? END
START what did two prominent white professors point out at the panel discussion? END
START what portion of black harvard undergraduates came from families in which all four grandparents were born into the asian american community? END
START what did the asian american students at harvard that could trace their lineage back multiple generations begin calling themselves? END
START other than the reasons for the under representation of asian americans, what else is still up for debate? END
START to which university does richard h. sander belong? END
START in which publication did sander publish an article questioning racial preferences in law schools? END
START what did sander's study show in terms of black law students rankings? END
START how much does the article estimate the black lawyer population would potentially grow if affirmative action was ended? END
START which legislative work prohibited the use of racial preferences for admissions in the state of california? END
START  to which university does richard h. sander not belong? END
START in which publication did sander publish an article not questioning racial preferences in law schools? END
START what did sander's study show in terms of white law students rankings? END
START how much does the article estimate the black lawyer population would potentially grow if affirmative action started? END
START which legislative work did not prohibit the use of racial preferences for admissions in the state of california? END
START what area of study did professor mark long have a degree in? END
START in which year did long publish his study? END
START how were rebounds of minority enrollment explained in long's report? END
START who would supposedly be the beneficiaries of a class-based style affirmative action? END
START what percentage of the black population thought affirmative action should be abolished? END
START  what area of study did professor mark long have a job in? END
START  in which year did long reject his study? END
START how were rebounds of minority enrollment rejected in long's report? END
START who would supposedly be the beneficiaries of a not class-based style affirmative action? END
START what percentage of the black population thought affirmative action should not be abolished? END
START with which organization did li file a civil rights complaint? END
START which university was li alleging racial discrimination against? END
START who was the dean of admissions at princeton university at the time of the complaint? END
START what did princeton claim the real reasons for the rejection of li's application was? END
START even though li did not get accepted, what was done instead of a straight rejection? END
START  with which organization did li not file a civil rights complaint? END
START  which university was li allegingn non-racial discrimination against? END
START who wasn't the dean of admissions at princeton university at the time of the complaint? END
START  what did princeton claim the real reasons for the approval of li's application was? END
START even though li did not get rejected, what was done instead of a straight rejection? END
START which university had a lawsuit filed against it? END
START what did the plaintiffs claim the university had for an admissions policy? END
START what did the admissions policy of the university of texas supposedly violate? END
START who concluded that the university maintained a "holistic" approach to affirmative action? END
START when will the supreme court likely hear the case for the second time? END
START  which university had a lawsuit not filed against it? END
START what did the plaintiffs claim the university didn't have for an admissions policy? END
START what did the admissions policy of the university of texas supposedly not violate? END
START who concluded that the university did not maintain a "holistic" approach to affirmative action? END
START when will the supreme court likely hear the case for the third time? END
START on which date were lawsuits filed against harvard and chapel hill? END
START who filed the lawsuits against the universities? END
START other than asian students, who else was allegedly being discriminated against? END
START what is the students for fair admissions an offshoot of? END
START what are the universities waiting for before proceeding with the lawsuit? END
START on which date were lawsuits filed with harvard and chapel hill? END
START who filed the lawsuits with the universities? END
START  other than african students, who else was allegedly being discriminated against? END
START  what is the students for fair admissions not an offshoot of? END
START what are the universities waiting for after proceeding with the lawsuit? END
START how many asian organizations were involved in filing the federal complaints? END
START who did the organizations file the complaints with? END
START who was the target of the filing? END
START what grade average do some students have that are being rejected? END
START why was the lawsuit eventually dismissed? END
START how many asian organizations weren't involved in filing the federal complaints? END
START  who did the organizations not file the complaints with? END
START  who was not the target of the filing? END
START what grade average do some students have that aren't being rejected? END
START who is the competition open too? END
START how many clubs competed in 20011-12? END
START how many rounds in the tournament? END
START how many games are needed to win? END
START what league can compete? END
START who is the competition not open to? END
START how many clubs competed before 2011? END
START what leagues cannot compete in the competition? END
START what is the maximum number of games needed to win? END
START how many non-random rounds are in the tournament? END
START what rounds are the qualifiers? END
START how many teams in the first round?  END
START what league enters in the third round? END
START in the modern era, has any non-league team reached the quarter finals?? END
START has a level 2 club reached the finals ever? END
START how many teams do not progress to the first round of the competition proper? END
START in past eras, has a non-league team reached the quarter finals? END
START how many teams are in the second round? END
START in what time period did a non-league team get to the quarter finals? END
START what are the last six rounds called? END
START what do winners receive?  END
START how many fa cup designs have there been? END
START how many fa cups have there been? END
START when was the latest design intoduced? END
START what do the losers receive? END
START when was the earliest design introduced? END
START who is the least successful club? END
START what was arsenal's score against manchester united in the 2015 final? END
START how many fa cup trophy replicas have been made? END
START when was the laws of the game of asscociation football published? END
START who was the fa secretary in 1871? END
START when did the inaugural  fa cup tournament take place? END
START who won the first and second cups?  END
START when was the modern cup established?  END
START who was the fa secretary during the 1888-89 season? END
START who lost the first and second cups? END
START what season were qualifying rounds taken out of the tournament? END
START when did the wanderers lose the trophy? END
START where were the laws of the game of association football published? END
START was competition suspended due to the first world war?  END
START what year did competition resume after world war 1? END
START when did wembly stadium open?  END
START what was webly stadium called at that time?  END
START when did the competition celebrate its centennial?  END
START who replaced the goal scored by steven gerrard? END
START what season did steven gerrard score a goal? END
START which season did wembly stadium close? END
START what season did the empire stadium become wembly stadium? END
START why was the empire stadium renamed to wembly stadium? END
START is the competition open to anyone?  END
START is there anyone automatically eligible?  END
START who else can play?  END
START can new clubs play too?  END
START do i need a stadium to compete?  END
START who is the competition closed to? END
START who is not automatically eligible? END
START what season can newly formed clubs start playing in? END
START what does a club not need in order to play? END
START which competitions do not make a team eligible if the team has played in them in the previous season? END
START does anyone ever miss a tournament?  END
START what clubs have missed the competition?  END
START why did they miss that competition?  END
START how did people feel about manchester's decision?  END
START did the club later regret their choice?  END
START what fa cup season did manchester united enter? END
START what titles did machester united not want to defend by pulling out of the fa cup? END
START by what margin did manchester united win the club world championship? END
START did the club later regret pulling out of the club world championship? END
START what would entering both tournaments not do? END
START may welsh clubs enter the competition?  END
START has a welsh team ever won a competition?  END
START have any other countries ever competed?  END
START why can't those countries compete?  END
START has any other  country been allowed to enter the competition since?  END
START when was the league of wales created? END
START what welsh team has lost a tournament? END
START which countries have never had a team compete? END
START what year were teams from scotland, wales, and ireland barred from entering? END
START what season did the channel island club play for the last time? END
START has the number of entrants stayed the same?  END
START how many clubs entered in 2004-05? END
START how many clubs entered in 2005-06? END
START how many clubs entered in 2006-07? END
START how many clubs entered in 2007-08? END
START how much has the number of entrants decreased in recent years? END
START how has the number of entrants changed in the league cup? END
START how has the amount of members in the premier league and football league changed? END
START in what season did the league cup beat its long standing record? END
START when is the final? END
START when do clubs above 9 enter?  END
START is there seeding? END
START what happens in the event of a tie? END
START what are the first 6 rounds?  END
START what month is the semi-final in? END
START what ensures that clubs below level 9 and 10 enter the competition at later stages? END
START what enters the competition in early stages? END
START what is not determined by a random draw? END
START what happens when there is a tie after the semi-finals? END
START when does the final take place?  END
START was there a time this was not the case?  END
START why was that?  END
START did that ever happen again?  END
START what happened during those years?  END
START when does the final never take place? END
START when is the uefa champions league normally held? END
START in what season was the uefa champions league not held on the normal day? END
START when was the final played early so that england could prepare for the uefa champions league? END
START what season were the european championships played early as an experiment? END
START do clubs replay each other? END
START what is the most games played a team to reach the final? END
START when are replays played? END
START when was the first penalty kick? END
START what clubs were playing during the first penalty? END
START what is the least amount of games played by a team to reach a final? END
START when did scunthorpe united eliminate rotherham united? END
START when was the last penalty shoot-out? END
START why were replays traditionally played three or four days after the original game? END
START how much did clubs replay each other after the 1990s? END
START do the fa cup winners qualify for anything? END
START did that used to have a different name? END
START what is the cup called now? END
START does the loser of the cup gain anything? END
START what about the fa cup winner? END
START what do fa cup losers qualify for? END
START what do uefa europa league winners qualify for? END
START what was the fa cup's former name? END
START when do fa cup winners exit the europa league? END
START in what season did uefa allow runners-up to qualify for the europa league? END
START where are the semi finals played? END
START is there a name for the specific venue?  END
START where did the semi finals take place before then?  END
START what was the top most used venue? END
START where was the cup held in 2005? END
START where are the semi-finals never played? END
START in which decade was the kennington oval not used as a semi-final venue? END
START what were the three least used venues? END
START how many times was the kennington oval used for semi-finals between 1991 and 2000? END
START how were stadiums chosen from 1991 to 2000? END
START where is the fa cup held today? END
START why is it held at webly stadium?  END
START do the people of london agree with this action? END
START has the game ever fail to sell out?  END
START do people oppose of using the new webly stadium? END
START why did the fa decide to not use the new wembley in 2003? END
START when did the fa decide to stop using wembley? END
START what percent of people were in favor of wembley semi-finals? END
START what has the fa not cited as a reason to use wembley? END
START who was the move seen as fair to? END
START where is the final played now?  END
START when did this stadium open?  END
START where was the fa cup held while this stadium was built?  END
START where is millennium stadium located?  END
START was it always held in millennium stadium?  END
START where has the final never been played after 2007? END
START when did millennium stadium open? END
START where is wembley stadium located? END
START when did old trafford open? END
START what was the millennium stadium originally named? END
START where do the majority of fa cup finals take place?  END
START how many times was the fa cup playing in the oval ? END
START what was the first year the oval hosted the fa cup?  END
START how many times has crystal palce hosted the fa cup?  END
START how many replays took place at the oval?  END
START where do the least amount of fa cup finals take place? END
START how many times was the fa cup not played in the oval? END
START how many times was the fa cup final played outside of london? END
START in what time period was the fa cup final played outside of london? END
START where was the final played after the empire stadium opening? END
START is the use of artificial turf allowed?  END
START what is the required quality of the pitch?  END
START how many professional clubs are there?  END
START what happens if the pitch is not up to par?  END
START where was the first #g surface game played?  END
START what season did the fa ban artificial turf? END
START what was the required quality of the pitch before 2015-16? END
START when was the last match with a 3g surface televised? END
START where was the last match with a 3g surface played? END
START what happens if a team with a 3g pitch does not progress to the competition proper? END
START how many parts does the trophy come in?  END
START what is the  parts of the trophy?  END
START how many trophy designs have there bee?  END
START how many physical trophies have been presented?  END
START when was the first design changed?  END
START when was the original trophy created? END
START what was the new, larger design known as? END
START who designed the third replica? END
START how tall was the third replica? END
START when was the third replica last used? END
START is the cup engraved for the winner?  END
START when does the engraving take place?  END
START how long does the engraved have from start to finish?  END
START is the trophy decorated?  END
START where is he cup presentation made?  END
START where is the name of the losing team engraved? END
START how many minutes does the engraver have to perform a task that would take five minutes under normal conditions? END
START when are the winner's ribbons removed? END
START where is the cup presentation never made? END
START what is behind the royal box? END
START when did people start presenting the trophy after the game?  END
START when was the first trophy presented?  END
START where was the first trophy presented?  END
START what happens to multiple cup winners?  END
START did that ever happen?  END
START when did the tradition of presenting the trophy right after the game stop? END
START where was the last trophy presented? END
START what was supposed to happen to a club that lost the competition three times? END
START who lost the 1876 final? END
START who was the captain of wanderers during their first loss? END
START how claims to have stolen the fa cup?  END
START did he act alone?  END
START how long go did this crime take place?  END
START what did burge do with the cup?  END
START what did they do with those coins?  END
START who returned the fa cup? END
START when did henry james burge commit the theft? END
START when did the birmingham post publish its report? END
START what made detectives decide there was a possibility of conviction? END
START what crime did burge commit that he spent 42 years in prison for? END
START who was the long-serving president of the fa cup? END
START what year did lord kinnard die?  END
START was the cup lost during that time?  END
START where did it sell?  END
START who won the bid?  END
START who owned the 1895 replica before it was obsolete? END
START who was an unsuccessful bidder? END
START where was the fa cup never auctioned? END
START where was the jules rimet world cup trophy publicly displayed? END
START what year did the fa cup get moved to manchester? END
START is the fa cup sponsered?  END
START how long does the sponsor remain?  END
START can they extend their deal?  END
START who is the current sponsor?  END
START what is the competition called now?  END
START who was the sponsor from 1994-95? END
START in what competition is the sponsor's name not in the title? END
START what company has not agreed to a one year extension? END
START what is not the sponsor from 2015 to 2018? END
START what company has sponsored the league cup? END
START do people look forward to cinderella matches?  END
START what do people think about giant killers?  END
START does giant killing happen often?  END
START does the media showcase giant killers?  END
START what is a giant killer?  END
START what is it called when a higher ranked team beats a lower ranked team? END
START what is not considered an important part of the tradition? END
START what is not considered newsworthy? END
START what does no club in the league pyramid remember fondly? END
START when was the football league founded?  END
START who is the only non league giant killer to win a cup? END
START what year did they win the cup?  END
START who did they delete for the cup?  END
START how many clubs where in the football league?  END
START what was founded 16 years before the first fa cup competition? END
START who won the fa cup in 1888? END
START how many clubs were in the football league in 1920? END
START which club has never reached the final? END
START how many non-league clubs have not reached the final since the founding of the league? END
START who is the lowest rank to play in the  third round proper? END
START what level where they?  END
START how many teams competed that year?  END
START what place did chasetown come in? END
START what fa cup season did this take place in?  END
START what is the highest rank to play in the third round proper? END
START how many teams chose not to compete that season? END
START what team did chasetown win against? END
START who won the fa cup that year? END
START how much prize money did cardiff city win? END
START how many clubs have won the fa cup as part of a league cup double?  END
START who was the first clubs have won the fa cup as part of a league cup double?  END
START who was the latest clubs have won the fa cup as part of a league cup double?  END
START has any club won both in a same season?  END
START how many clubs have lost the fa cup? END
START what club has never won the fa cup as part of a league and cup double? END
START who lost to arsenal in 1993? END
START who has never completed a cup treble? END
START what clubs weren't able to repeat arsenal's feat? END
START has the final been played by a two clubs outside of the top divisions?  END
START has the final been won by a club outside of the top divisions?  END
START who was the first outside club to win?  END
START what year did that take place?  END
START how many second tier have made the finals?  END
START how many winners have been in the top flight? END
START what team has never won the final? END
START how many finalists have come from inside english football's top tier? END
START what year did the first inside club win? END
START what was the last finalist from inside the top two tiers? END
START who used to brodcast the matches on the radio?  END
START what was the first fa cup radio broadcast?  END
START what clubs competed in the match?  END
START wa the game broadcast in both cities?  END
START so when was the firs national broadcast?  END
START who never broadcasted the fa cup? END
START when was the last fa cup final broadcast on radio? END
START what city was the first fa cup final on radio not broadcast in? END
START what was the latest time that tv networks started covering the game? END
START how long does coverage continue after kick off? END
START who had fa cup coverage from 1988-1997? END
START how are the games broadcast now?  END
START does anyone refuse to show them?  END
START has a woman ever broadcast a match?  END
START what year did rebecca host the match?  END
START what network has never covered the fa cup? END
START what networks refused to share live coverage with each other? END
START what network has never refused to show a match? END
START what network only broadcasts outside of scotland? END
START who was the last woman to host the fa cup final? END
START who took over the package from sentana? END
START who show the 2011 final?  END
START does espn still hold the contract?  END
START what year did this take place?  END
START who took over after espn?  END
START who was expected to make a bid for the 2010-11 season? END
START what final was not shown live? END
START who did bt sport transfer the rights package to? END
START who bought bt's uk and ireland channels? END
START what channel showed the 2013-14 season live in addition to espn? END
