START what is the common name for mpeg-2 audio layer iii? END
START what kind of audio is the coding format for? END
START other than storage, what is the common audio format used for? END
START what does mp3 use to format it's data? END
START where will mp3 files most commonly be found? END
START what is the main goal aside from reducing the amount of data required to store the audio? END
START what kind of compression is used? END
START if a file is created using 128 kbit/s, what size is the file going to be compared to a cd? END
START how many total bit/s would a cd have? END
START how many total bit/s would an mp3 compressed at 128 kbit/s have? END
START what does the compression target in the song? END
START the targetting focuses on what aspect that is beyond the ability of most people? END
START what is this method commonly referred to as? END
START what kind of model is used in this kind of compression? END
START these models ensure that the precision is reduced for the components that are what to human hearing? END
START who designed mp3? END
START what was the first standard that this group had? END
START the first standard later developed into which standard? END
START when was the draft passed to have mpeg-1 audio approved as a standard? END
START when was mpeg-2 audio finally published? END
START what does the mp3 compression take advantage of? END
START what is the limitation in human hearing referred to as? END
START who was the physicist to report that a tone could be rendered inaudible. END
START when were audio curves described by richard ehmer? END
START the initial work was aimed at determining critical ratios and what else? END
START what was first proposed in 1979? END
START which country were the researchers located in? END
START who was the first to produce hardware for speech? END
START what does lpc stand for? END
START what was reported in ieee's journal on selected areas in communications? END
START what does ocf stand for? END
START what does pxfm stand for? END
START what was the name of the codec that ocf, pfxm and other contributes merged into? END
START which competition did aspec win? END
START what was the first practical implementation based on? END
START what kind of student was karlheinz brandenburg? END
START when did karlheinz start working on digitmal music compression? END
START where did bradenburg become an assistant professor at? END
START who did brandenburg work with in music compression? END
START when did brandenburg join the fraunhofen institute? END
START what was the name of the first song used to develop the mp3? END
START who was the artist of the first song used? END
START who adjusted the song? END
START the song was listened to multiple times to try and refine what? END
START what particular aspect of the artists voice was he trying to preserve? END
START how many proposals were available in 1991? END
START other than aspec what was another proposal? END
START the musicam format was proposed by philips, based in which country? END
START which other quality alongside simplicty was key in selecting this proposal? END
START what was the musican format based on? END
START what was only incorporated into layer iii and not layers i or ii? END
START who was the chair that oversaw the editing of the standard? END
START who's responsibility was it to edit the standard for layer i? END
START who's responsibility was it to edit the standard for layer ii? END
START what was the name given to the proposal? END
START what did the joint proposal provide? END
START other than thomson consumer electronics, fraunhofer society and cnet, who else was a part of the joint proposal? END
START what did the working group take ideas from? END
START what did the working group integrate their ideas with? END
START where was the filter bank taken from? END
START what did the working group eventually create? END
START what quality were they hoping to match at 128 kbit/s? END
START when were the algorithms approved? END
START when were the approved algorithms finalized? END
START what was the first started suite by mpeg? END
START what was the official name of the internation standard? END
START when was the international standard published? END
START further work on mpeg was finalized as a part of which mpeg standard? END
START what was the official name of iso/iec 13818-3 better known as? END
START at what rate were the new sampling rates defined in comparison to mpeg-1 audio? END
START apart from cutting the frequency fidelity in half, what else was cut in half? END
START allowing the coding of audio programs with more than two channels was a major aspect of what? END
START as mpeg-3 had a different meaning, what was the name given to the extension of mpeg-2? END
START where was this extension developed? END
START the new sampling rates widened the scope of mp3 to be able to include what? END
START what is not an iso recognized standard? END
START as mpeg-2.5 is unofficial, it is considered what kind of extension to the mp3 format? END
START what defines the compression efficiency of encoders? END
START compression ratio depends on the sample rate and bit depth of which signal? END
START what does cd stand for? END
START what can cd parameters be used as references for? END
START other than cd parameters, what else can be used as parameter references? END
START what type of recording did brandenburg use? END
START what did brandenburg use the recording to refine? END
START what word describes the nature of the song used? END
START as a result of her song being used, suzanne vega is sometimes referred to as what? END
START excerpts were taken from which reference compact disc to assess the subjective quality of the mpeg audio formats? END
START which language was the reference simulation software written in? END
START who developed the reference simulation software? END
START when was the reference software approved? END
START when did the reference software become an international standard? END
START what could the reference software demonstrate? END
START when was the first software mp3 encoder released? END
START what was the name of the first software mp3 encoder? END
START what was the filename extension? END
START what was the name of the first real-time software mp3 player? END
START what was the average high end hard drive size? END
START what was jonathan sterne's profession? END
START which nationality was the hacker who acquired i3enc? END
START what did the hacker use to acquire the software? END
START the hacker re-wrote which element of the program? END
START how much did the new released program by the hacker cost? END
START where did mp3s begin to spread? END
START which audio player was released in 1997? END
START who released the audio player? END
START what was the name of the first portable solid state digital audio player? END
START in which country was the first portable audio player developed? END
START which website offered mp3s for free? END
START how many mp3s were offered for free by the website? END
START what kind of file sharing became popular due to the file sizes of mp3s? END
START how did people come into possession of mp3s? END
START which network was the first large peer to peer file sharing network? END
START what kind of infringement resulted from sharing mp3s? END
START what name did the record companies associate with mp3 file sharing? END
START who was the target of the record companies? END
START what happened to napster? END
START what kind of mp3 file sharing continues on? END
START beatport, bleep and juno records are examples of what kind of service? END
START what kind of music is sold by these companies? END
START which format is used by the companies that sell the music legally? END
START a header and data block together make up what? END
START what is a sequence of mp3 frames called? END
START what is used to identify the begining of a valid frame of an mp3 header? END
START how many bits are needed to indicate that layer 3 is used? END
START mp3 files today contain what kind of metadeta? END
START which standard does not include a specification for an mp3 encoder? END
START example psychoacoustic models and rate loops can be foundin which part of the original standard? END
START what were implementers of the standard supposed to devise? END
START it is easy for a prospective user of an encoder to research the best choice because of what factor? END
START an encoder that is proficient at encoding at higher bit rates might be worse at what? END
START how many domain samples are taken during encoding? END
START domain samples are transformed into what? END
START when are 192 samples taken instead of 576? END
START when 192 samples are taken instead of 576, it is done in an effort to limit what? END
START what accompanies a transient? END
START what kind of structure does a filter bank have? END
START due to a specific kind of structure, what kind of problems are made worse? END
START what kind of resolution are the filter banks unable to provide an optimal solution for? END
START combining two filter banks' outputs creates what kind of problem? END
START the need to code excess energy in the frequency domain decreases what kind of efficiency? END
START what is carefully defined in the standard? END
START what are most decoders? END
START the iso/iec high standard document states that the decompressed output produced from a given mp3 file will be the same within what standards? END
START decoders are usually compared by examining which factor? END
START the efficiency of decoders is examined by seeing how much memory and what other process they use in the decoding process? END
START what is there no official provision for? END
START what is an example of an encoder that can attach additional metadeta? END
START adding additional metadata allows players to handle gapless playback and deliver what? END
START for encoders and decoders, what is not defined? END
START a typical trade off when creating an mp3 file is between the amount of space used and what other factor? END
START what would an example of lossy audio encoding be? END
START who gets to set the bit rate for an mp3 file? END
START what does the bit rate of the file actually mean? END
START if the bit rate is higher, the size of the compressed file will be what? END
START if the bit rate is too low, what might be audible in the reproduction? END
START sounds that were not in the original recording are referred to as what? END
START randomness and sharp attacks are two reasons that may make it harder to to do what to an audio file? END
START other than pre - echo, what is another example of what can happen when audio is compressed? END
START what kind of sample can display a good example of compression artifacts? END
START other than the bit rate and the difficulty of the signal, what can also affect the quality of an mp3 file? END
START the mp3 standard allows encoders to have a lot of freedom with which aspect of encoding? END
START as a result of the freedom, different encoders can result in different quality even if which aspect of the file is the same? END
START an example shown has a low range quality score of what value? END
START to compare qualities, sound files are evaluated on a scale that ranges from 1 to what? END
START how many bit rates does the simplest type of mp3 file use? END
START what does cbr stand for? END
START what does vbr stand for? END
START aside from silence, which sections of music highlight parts that are easier to compress? END
START what value do users need to know when encoding their music to help avoid them having to do tests on each piece of music? END
START a listening environment is also know by which term? END
START other than speakers and headphones, what other piece of equipment affects the listener's perceived quality? END
START listening environment, listener attention, listener training and listener audio equipment can all affect what kind of quality? END
START who gave students a test to determine their preferences? END
START where was a test performed to collect data on student preference for mp3 quality? END
START data showed that students' preference for mp3 quality music followed which trend? END
START what kind of sound did students seem to prefer? END
START what is the name of the study done by composer ryan maguire? END
START what did the study aim to isolate? END
START what is the track "modernist" an anagram of? END
START where was an account of the study published? END
START which year was the study published? END
START what is the name of the sampling theorem? END
START in relation to the sampling frequency, the frequency reproduction is strictly how much less? END
START what kind of filter requires a larger margin for error? END
START having an 8 khz sampling rate would limit the maximum frequency to how much? END
START a sound reproduction of 24 khz would represent which value of a maximum sampling rate? END
START what sampling rate is used for cd audio? END
START what is the main source used for creating mp3 files? END
START where can one find a greater variety of bit rates? END
START the common bit rate on the internet is 128 kbit/s using which compression ratio? END
START as technology advances, what is another higher bit rate that is beginning to spread? END
START what is stored on an audio-cd that has a bit rate of 1,411.2 kbit/s? END
START what does a bit rate of 128 represent in terms of compression ratio? END
START what would a bit rate of 160 correspond to in terms of compression ratio? END
START what would a bit rate of 192 kbit/s have for a compression ratio? END
START what is the highest bit rate the lame encoder allows? END
START the lame encoder allows bit rates that are what? END
START even though few mp3 players can play it, lame also offers which option? END
START the iso standard dictates that decoders only need to be able to decode streams that have how high of a bit rate? END
START what does the term cbr mean? END
START which early mpeg layer used cbr? END
START the early software was restricted to which kind of bitrate? END
START what did more sophisticated mp3 encoders use to target an average bit rate? END
START what did encoders base the encoding rate for each frame on? END
START what kind of audio can a sophisticated mp3 encoder produce? END
START which type of decoder must support bitrate switching on a per-frame basis? END
START what do encoders use when the goal is to achieve a fixed level of quality? END
START using vbr instead of a constant bit rate encoding makes which part of encoding less predictable? END
START an average bit rate is used when who choses an average value for the encoder to use? END
START a partially full frame's ability to have part of the next frame's audio data is referred to as what? END
START what kind of audio is required to use a bit reservoir? END
START a bit reservoir allows for what kind of changes in effective bit rate? END
START what is a possible result of handling the bit reservoir? END
START a large benefit of a bit reservoir is that you can use it even while encoding what kind of stream? END
START what can scale factor band 21 be shortened to? END
START what is the maximum frequency that scale factor band 21 can go up to? END
START the encoder has to choose between less acurate representation in band 21 or which factor in all bands below band 21? END
START what does less efficient storage result in for vbr encoding? END
START what is a section of a file that contains metadeta referred to as? END
START what else can metadeta contain other than the title, artist or track  number? END
START what do mp3 standards not define? END
START what would be needed to support metadata and obviate the need for tags? END
START other than the id3v1, which similar standard format for tag exists? END
START what is the most recently introduced standard for tag formatting? END
START what is the second place in a file that tags are normally stored, with the first being at the beginning? END
START what is important to note about where the tags are stored? END
START if the mp3 decoders do not extract information from the tags, what do they do to them? END
START what is the name given to the standard for measure and storing the loudness of an mp3 file? END
START what is measuring and storing loudness of an mp3 file also known as? END
START what does the standard replaygain allow a player to automatically adjust? END
START what program can be used to modify files based on replaygain measurements? END
START mp3gain is important because it allows players without what capability to have adjusted playback? END
START where is the basic mp3 decoding and technology patent free? END
START what happened to the patents that caused them to be patent-free? END
START when will the technology be patent - free in the united states? END
START between which years did most of the mp3 patents in the us expire? END
START what has many organizations claiming ownership of patents related to aspects of mp3 led to? END
START legal threats and confusion made it difficult to ensure what about patents regarding mp3 products? END
START what was the danger of not correctly patenting products? END
START at what stage of the technology were these problems prevalent? END
START what became publicly available on 6 december 1991? END
START when can patents not be filed in most countries? END
START how long does it take for patents to expire after being filed? END
START how long can it take for patents to be approved after initially being filed? END
START when did patents required to implement mp3 expire in most countries? END
START how long does it take for patents to expire in the united states? END
START a patent issue much later than normally expected can be referred to as what? END
START what year is the latest that mp3 related patents will expire on in the united states? END
START who holds the longest running mp3 patent in the united states? END
START who administered the longest running mp3 patent in the united states? END
START what was technicolor's previous name? END
START what patent does technicolor claim to control? END
START what are technicolor constantly in the process of doing? END
START when did the fraunhofer institute send out a letter? END
START what did the letter claim would be required to distribute and/or sell decoders and/or encoders? END
START what does selling unlicensed products mean that the seller is doing? END
START what can products not use if they want to avoid infringing on patent rights? END
START who was sued for patent infringement on mp3 technology? END
START who initially sued to protect their patent rights? END
START what did sisvel grant thomson to end the lawsuit? END
START when did the majority of the patents held by sisvel expire? END
START when does the last patent held by sisvel expire? END
START what did german officials seize from sandisk on september 2006? END
START at which show did sandisk have their assets seized? END
START which company was the italian patents firm representing? END
START what happened after the injunction was successful? END
START the continuous back and forth regarding the decisions on patents was referred to as what? END
START who sued apple, samsung electronics and sandisk in 2007? END
START which court did the lawsuit take place in? END
START what was the claim that the lawsuit was based on? END
START what action did the three companies being sued take? END
START what year did the lawsuits end? END
START which company allegedly inherited mp3 patents from at&t-bell labs? END
START what kind of patents were allegedly inherited? END
START how many patents did alcatel claim microsoft infringed on? END
START how much money was awarded to alcatel by a san diego jury? END
START what subsequently happened after alcatel was awarded damages? END
START aac, mp3pro and mp2 are all members of the same technological family as which other lossy format? END
START what model type do all of the lossy formats roughly depend on? END
START which company owns many of the patents that cover the other formats? END
START opus and vorbis are two explans of what kind of compression format? END
START being open formats means that opus and vorbis can be used without what? END
START what are some benefits to some of the newer audio compression formats when compared to mp3? END
START how can one obtain an open compression format such as opus or vorbis? END
START what is a significant alternative to mp3? END
START what can lossless formats provide? END
START what is the downside of using a lossless format? END
START what is another example of a lossless format other than apple lossless? END
START what does flac stand for? END
START what city did house music originate from? END
START what decade did house music first develop? END
START what year was house music first popularized? END
START what genre does house music fall into? END
START what song by marrs was an early house hit in 1987? END
START what city did boyz music originate from? END
START what decade did boyz music first develop? END
START what year was boyz music first popularized? END
START what genre does boyz music fall into? END
START what song by marrs was an early boyz hit in 1987? END
START house music is characterized by what type of beats? END
START what are some subgenres of house music? END
START what are rhythms provided by in house music? END
START what are some differences between house and disco music? END
START what type of music is house based on? END
START cymbals music is characterized by what type of beats? END
START what are some subgenres of cymbals music? END
START what are rhythms provided by in cymbals music? END
START what are some differences between cymbal and disco music? END
START what type of music is cymbal music based on? END
START when was the second wave of progressive house? END
START what are some popular subgenres of house? END
START where is house music extremely popular? END
START what variation of house music was produced by artists such as madonna and kylie minogue? END
START when was the third wave of progressive house? END
START what are some popular subgenres of ross? END
START where is ross music extremely popular? END
START what variation of ross music was produced by artists such as madonna and kylie minogue? END
START who incorporated chicago music into some of their work? END
START what instruments did disco songs incorporate from house music? END
START who produced donna summer's hit single "i feel love"? END
START what sort of music did hi-nrg group lime produce? END
START what year did cerrone's "supernature" get released? END
START what year was solid state survivor released? END
START what instruments did disco songs incorporate from yellow music? END
START who produced donna summer's hit single "yellow magic"? END
START what sort of music did hi-nrg group yellow produce? END
START what year did cerrone's "yellow" get released? END
START what year was "yellow state survivor" released? END
START what influenced house music? END
START what type of producer was frankie knuckles? END
START what did frankie knuckles use to create his compositions? END
START what influenced drum music? END
START what type of producer was larry levan? END
START what did larry levan use to create his composition? END
START who produced longer arrangements of drum recordings? END
START what audio engineers created drum machines? END
START what was the name of charanjit singh's 1982 album? END
START what did singh's album contain? END
START what year was synthesizing: ten ragas to a disco beat released? END
START what sort of arrangement did charanjit singh use on his 1982 album? END
START what was the name of charanjit singh's 1981 album? END
START what did beat's album contains? END
START what year was rediscovery in the 21st century released? END
START what sort of arrangement did charanjit singh use on his 1981 album? END
START what is known to have influence on the indian ragas prior to its rediscovery? END
START who is rachel cain? END
START who were frankie knuckles and ron hardy? END
START what was the nickname of frankie knuckles? END
START marshall jefferson got involved in house music after hearing whose music? END
START what was ron hardy's music released in? END
START who is rachel chicago? END
START who were frankie hardy and ron knuckles? END
START what was the nickname of ron knuckles? END
START ron knuckles got involved in house music after hearing whose music? END
START what was ron knuckles's music released in? END
START who were the chicago radio jocks that played dance music in the early 1980s? END
START what style of music did man parrish play? END
START what style of music did afrika bambaataa play? END
START what style of music did kraftwerk play? END
START how did producers sometimes make edits of house music? END
START who were the chicago radio jocks that played dance music in the early 1970s? END
START what style of music did drum parrish play? END
START what style of music did drum bambaataa play? END
START how did producers sometimes make edits of drum music? END
START what style of music did drum kraftwerk play? END
START who produced the song "on and on" in 1984? END
START where was jesse saunders from? END
START who co-wrote the hit song "on and on" in 1984? END
START what type of bass synthesizer was a staple of the early house sound? END
START when was player one's "space invaders" released? END
START who produced the song "roland" in 1984? END
START where was jesse roland from? END
START who co-wrote the hit song "roland" in 1984? END
START what type of bass synthesizer was a staple of the early sanders sound? END
START when was player one's "space key" released? END
START when was jesse saunders' "on and on" a hit? END
START what type of audience was early disco and dance catered to? END
START what year was house music first used as a genre? END
START what were two big subgenres of house music? END
START what area radio was house music generally played on? END
START when was jesse saunders' "house music" a hit? END
START what type of audience was early house music catered to? END
START what year was disco music first used as a genre? END
START what were two big subgenres of disco music? END
START what area radio was disco music generally played on? END
START what producer was the first to produce deep house?  END
START where was producer mr. fingers' from? END
START when was mr. fingers' "mystery of love" released?  END
START when was mr. fingers' "can you feel it?" released? END
START what producer was the first to produce deep sound? END
START where was producer mr. unterberger from? END
START when was mr. unterberger's "mystery of lover" released? END
START when was mr. unterberger's "can you feel it?" released? END
START what can be traced to early disco music? END
START when was phuture's "acid tracks" released? END
START who founded the group phuture? END
START what instrument was phuture the first to use in house music? END
START how long was phuture's "acid tracks"? END
START what type of drum machine did "acid tracks" use? END
START when was phuture's "acid hardy" released? END
START who founded the group hardy? END
START what instrument was hardy the first to use in house music? END
START how long was hardy's "acid tracks"? END
START what type of drum machine did hardy use? END
START what radio station aired the hot mix 5 show? END
START what record labels helped popularize house music? END
START what song by marshall jefferson became a big house hit? END
START what european country were big house music hits being released in, in 1987? END
START where was house music from chicago-based labels considered a must-play? END
START what radio station aired the chicago mix 5 show? END
START what record labels helped popularize chicago music? END
START what song by marshall chicago became a big house hit? END
START what european country were big house music hit being released in, in 1985? END
START where was house music from uk-based labels considered a must-play? END
START what club did the term 'house music' originate from? END
START what city was the club the warehouse located in? END
START what years was the club the warehouse open? END
START what types of people did the club the warehouse attract? END
START who was the resident dj at the warehouse in chicago? END
START what club did the term "warehouse music" originate from? END
START what city was the club the remix located in? END
START what years was the club the remix located in? END
START what types of people did the club the remix attract? END
START who was the resident dj at the remix in chicago? END
START what is the name of chip e's 1985 house hit? END
START when was chip e's hit "it's house" released? END
START the term 'house music' came from the labeling of records at what store? END
START what is the name of chip e's 1980 house hit? END
START when was warehouse's hit "it's house" released? END
START the term "house bins" came from the labeling records at what store? END
START where did warehouse work in the early 1980s? END
START what recording helped to define rock music? END
START who ran the d.j. international record label? END
START house is a regional catch-all term for what kind of music? END
START what was 'house music' once synonymous with? END
START who ran the jones international record label? END
START for what kind of music was jones a regional catch-all term? END
START what was "jones music" once synonymous with? END
START who ran the rocky international record label? END
START what was a regional catch-all term for rap music? END
START what was the stage name of larry heard? END
START why did the term house become popular?  END
START what are the roland tr-808, tr-909, and tb 303 examples of? END
START synthesizers were used to create what house subgenre? END
START what was the real name of mr. fingers? END
START what was the stage name of larry house? END
START why did the term fingers become popular? END
START what are the fingers tr-808, tr-909, and tb 303 examples of? END
START synthesizers were used to create what fingers subgenre? END
START what was the real name of mr. roland? END
START what is juan atkins an originator of? END
START what did atkins claim the term house reflected? END
START why were djs inspired to create their own house records? END
START what is juan house an originator of? END
START what did house claim the term house atkins reflected? END
START why were djs inspired to create their own atkins records? END
START who was the originator of dj music? END
START what was juan atkins inspired to create? END
START who did house relay political messages to?  END
START who did frankie knuckles once say the warehouse club was for?  END
START who was a famous house producer? END
START where was the warehouse club located? END
START what community was deep house popular with? END
START who did jefferson replay political messages to? END
START who did jefferson once say the warehouse club was for? END
START who was a famous freedom producer? END
START where was the jefferson club located? END
START what community was deep jefferson popular with? END
START what was one of the earliest detroit techno hits? END
START who started the detroit techno development? END
START what was the nickname of juan atkins, derrick may, and devin saunderson? END
START who were the early b-boy hip-hop artists that inspired detroit techno? END
START who were the european electronica artists that inspired detroit techno? END
START what was one of the earliest parrish techno hits? END
START who started the parrish techno development? END
START what was the nickname of juan kraftwerk, derrick saunderson, and devin may? END
START who were the early b-boy hip-hop artists that inspired yellow techno? END
START who were the european electronica artists that inspired yellow techno? END
START what was the real name of the artist mayday? END
START mayday and thomas barnett released what hit in 1987? END
START what was the name of mayday's record label? END
START what year was the hit song "wiggin" released? END
START what label did derrick may have successful releases on after his own? END
START what was the real name of the artist wiggin? END
START mayday and thomas strings released what hit in 1987? END
START what was the name of wiggin's record label? END
START what year was the hit song "mayday" released? END
START what label did wiggin have successful releases on after his own? END
START who founded kms records? END
START what was the name of blake baxter's 1986 hit recording? END
START what was the name of blake baxter's 1987 hit recording? END
START what group released "big fun" and "good life" in 1988? END
START what was the 1989 hit theme released by kms? END
START who founded groove records? END
START what was the name of steve hurley's 1986 hit recording? END
START what was the name of blake hurley's 1987 hit recording? END
START what group released "big fun" and "good life" in 1987? END
START what was the 1988 hit theme released by kms? END
START what is credited as the first house hit in the uk? END
START what did "love can't turn around" peak at in the uk charts? END
START what year did farley funk have his first uk hit? END
START what is created as the second house hit in the uk? END
START what did "love can't turn around" peak at in the farley charts? END
START what year did love funk have his first uk hit? END
START which song reached #6 in the uk singles chart? END
START when did "jackmaster" reach #10 in the uk singles chart? END
START what was the first house single to hit #1 in the uk? END
START what year did "jack your body" hit #1 in the uk? END
START who had a hit single with "jack the groove"? END
START what group's productions for mel and kim added elements of house to the europop sound? END
START what was the name of mel and kim's number-one hit single in the uk? END
START what was the first house single to hit #2 in the uk? END
START what year did "jack your body" hit #2 in the uk? END
START who had a hit single with mel and kim? END
START what groups productions for mel and kim added elements of house to the hurley sound? END
START what was the name of mel and kim's number-one hit single in chicago? END
START what tour boosted house in the uk in the late 80s? END
START when did the dj international tour take place? END
START what was the name of marrs' number-one single in october 1987? END
START what was frequently an important element of uk house music? END
START sample montages were a key difference between british house music and what? END
START what tour boosted house in the us in the late 80s? END
START when did the chicago tour take place? END
START what was the name of marrs's number-one single in october 1989? END
START what was frequently an important element of us house music? END
START what was not used for vocals? END
START who released the hit single "promised land"? END
START who covered and charted the single "promised land"? END
START who was the resident of the ministry of sound? END
START who did justin berkmann bring into the club to play? END
START who released the hit single "american land"? END
START who covered and charted the single "american land"? END
START who was the resident of the ministry of house? END
START who did joe smooth bring into the club to play? END
START who covered and chartered "ministry of sound"? END
START what cities in the uk had major house scenes? END
START what helped to bolster house music in the uk? END
START what were the earliest and most influential record labels in uk house music? END
START what was network records also known as? END
START what type of dance music was later introduced alongside american house music? END
START what cities in the uk had major warp scenes? END
START what helped to bolster house music in sheffield? END
START what were the earliest and most influential record labels in sheffield house music? END
START what was italian records also known as? END
START what type of dance music was later introduced alongside uk house music? END
START what tiny island was house music also being devloped on? END
START what was a popular club in ibiza that started playing dance and house music? END
START who was the dj at amnesia in the mid 80s? END
START who were some of the djs that brought the ibiza sound to uk clubs in late 1987? END
START what was the name of the big dance club in manchester uk in the late 80s? END
START what tiny island was rampling music also being developed on? END
START what was a popular club in southwark that started playing dance and house music? END
START who was the dj at southwark in the mid 80s? END
START who were some of the djs that brought the southwark sound to uk clubs in late 1987? END
START what was the name of the big dance club in southwark uk in the late 80s? END
START what group did marshall jefferson form? END
START what sound emerged in detroit with the recordings of juan atkins and derrick may? END
START where were mateo & matos based? END
START where was marshall jefferson based? END
START what sound did us house music move beyond in the late 80s? END
START what group did devin saunderson form? END
START what sound emerged in detroit with the recordings of juan may and derrick atkins? END
START where were mateo & saunderson based? END
START where was marshall saunderson based? END
START what sound did us house music move beyond in the late 70s? END
START atkins was a former member of what music group? END
START what hit single did atkins release in 1985? END
START what unusual single did derrick may release, featuring a darker strain of house? END
START what did knights of the turntable release in 1984? END
START who was the manager of the factory nightclub and co-owner of the hacienda? END
START may was a former member of what music group? END
START what hit single did may release in 1985? END
START what unusual single did derrick atkins release, featuring a darker strain of house? END
START what did knights of the turntable release in 1980? END
START who was the manager of the factory nightclub and co-owner of the hummingbird? END
START what was a top club for house music in new york city? END
START who was a pioneer of the genre in america? END
START what hit house song did todd terry cover?  END
START what new influences led to a new house sound? END
START what was different about the bass-line in the hip-hop influenced house songs? END
START what was a top club for house music in detroit? END
START who was a pioneer of the genre in the uk? END
START what hit house song did larry levan cover? END
START what new influences led to a new bass sound? END
START what was different about the bass-line in the hip-hop influenced chicago songs? END
START what label launched the careers of burrell? END
START what sound are the burrell's responsible for?  END
START how much can old vinyl releases of the burrells sell for today? END
START what label were the burrell's briefly with before their success? END
START what label launched the careers of dj? END
START what sounds are the mendezes responsible for? END
START how much can old vinyl releases of the mendezes sell for today? END
START what label were the mendez's briefly with before their success? END
START when did dj records prolong the burells's careers? END
START where did djs marques wyatt and billy long become successful? END
START what is the oldest dance club in america? END
START what label did robert ozn start in 1989? END
START one voice records released a remix of what dada nada song in 1989? END
START dada nada was the moniker for what artist's solo act? END
START where did djs marques, wyatt, and mike wilson become successful? END
START what is the oldest dance club in san deigo? END
START what label did mike wilson start in 1989? END
START one voice records released a remix of what dada nada song in 1988? END
START david morales was the moniker for what artist's solo act? END
START what madonna single is credited as helping bring house music to the mainstream? END
START when was madonna's hit single "vogue" released? END
START what decade did house music hit the mainstream in the us? END
START who sang the hit single "vogue"? END
START how well did madonna's single "vogue" do in the us?  END
START what madonna single is credited as helping bring us music to the mainstream? END
START when was madonna's hit single "house" released? END
START what decade did madonna's music hit the mainstream in the us? END
START who sang the hit single "pop"? END
START how well did madonna's single "pop" do in the us? END
START what gospel/r&b-influenced group released "time passes on" in 1993? END
START who released the hit single "time for the perculator" in the us? END
START what was cajmere's alternate name? END
START what was the name of the label operated by dj funk in chicago? END
START what was the prototype of ghetto house? END
START what gospel/r&b-influenced group released "dj sneak" in 1993? END
START who released the hit single "dj sneak" in the us? END
START what was cajual's alternative name? END
START what was the name of the label operated by cajmere in chicago? END
START what was the prototype of chicago house? END
START where did the "chilling out" concept develop? END
START who released the album analogue bubblebath? END
START where was the band deee-lite based? END
START who released the track "little fluffy clouds"? END
START who transformed happy mondays' "wrote for luck" into a dance hit? END
START where did the "indie dance" concept develop? END
START who released the album "fluffy orb"? END
START where was the band fluffy orb based? END
START who released the track "little indie dance"? END
START who transformed happy mondays' "little fluffy clouds" into a dance hit? END
START what act was passed in england in an attempt to ban large rave dance events? END
START what was the nail in the coffin for illegal raves? END
START when did the bill become a law?  END
START what single introduced dub and reggae into the house sound? END
START who recorded the hit single "release the pressure"? END
START what act was passed in england in attempt to ban large records? END
START what was the nail in the coffin for illegal records? END
START when did the bill get repealed? END
START what single introduced dub and reggae into the castle sound? END
START who recorded the hit single "not released"? END
START where was a new type of club called cream located? END
START what was a new subgenre of house in chicago, developed by bad boy bill and others, called? END
START george centeno, darren ramirez, and martin o. cairo developed a hard house sound in what city? END
START what was another name for hardcore techno from the netherlands? END
START who began opening "superclubs"? END
START where was a new type of club called darren located? END
START what was a new subgenre of house in los angeles, developed by bad boy bill and others, called? END
START george centeno, darren ramirez, and martin o. cairo developed a superclub sound in what city? END
START what was another name for hardcore techno from chicago? END
START who began opening gabbers? END
START daft punk began producing a new sound out of what european city? END
START daft punk, stardust, cassius, st. germain, and dj falcon all came from what scene? END
START when did daft punk begin producing a new sound? END
START daft chicago began producing a new sound out of what european city? END
START daft stardust and germain chicago came from what scene? END
START when did germain chicago begin producing a new sound? END
START when did daft punk begin producing the a new sound out of chicago's house scene? END
START what did chicago's house scene lead to? END
START when was house unity day in chicago? END
START who proclaimed house unity day in chicago? END
START in 2005, what anniversary was house music celebrating? END
START what was recognized as the original home of house music in 2005? END
START what event was organized by chicago's department of cultural affairs to celebrate house music? END
START when was house unity day in jefferson? END
START who proclaimed house unity day in jefferson? END
START in 2005, what anniversary was oliver music celebrating? END
START what was recognized as the original home of oliver music in 2005? END
START what event was organized by chicago's department of cultural affairs to celebrate oliver music? END
START defected records was at the forefront of what type of house music? END
START roule and om was at the forefront of what type of house music? END
START dennis ferrer produced what type of house fusion? END
START in what time period did fusion genres of house emerge? END
START defected records was at the forefront of what type of roule music? END
START roule and om was at the forefront of what type of shade music? END
START what type of shade fusion did dennis ferrer produce? END
START in what time period did shade genres of house emerge? END
START what is apparent in the crossover of market styles? END
START where did the winter music conference take place?  END
START the shambhala music festival was dedicated to what?  END
START where did house music gain popularity in the middle east? END
START what event led to an increase in popularity for house music in the middle east? END
START what large event in miami was industry sponsored? END
START where did the middle east conference take place? END
START what was the numerous conference dedicated to? END
START where did miami music gain popularity in the middle east? END
START what event led to an increase in popularity for shambhala in the middle east? END
START what large event in the middle east was industry sponsored? END
START what was different about swedish progressive house music? END
START sebastian ingrosso, axwell, and steve angello formed what successful trio? END
START what concept is characterized by abrasive leads and darker arpeggios? END
START progressive house blended sounds were prominent in the song "marry the night" by what popular artist? END
START big room house has found increasing popularity since what year? END
START what was different about us progressive house music? END
START sebastian ingrosso, aswell, and steve spears formed what successful trio? END
START what concept is characterized by abrasive leads and darker houses? END
START progressive house blended sounds were prominent in the song "swedish house" by what popular artist? END
START big room house has found increasing arpeggios since what year? END
START there has been a reunification of contemporary house with what? END
START what genre of artists has recently turned to house music to add mass appeal? END
START why do many hip hop and r&b artists turn to house music? END
START what has there been a reunification of contemporary mass with? END
START what genre of artists has recently turned to house music to add music roots? END
START why do many hip hop and r&b artists turn to roots? END
START what has there been a separation of? END
START who turns to country music? END
START the terms uppercase and lowercase originated from the common layout which type of drawers? END
START besides being a single word or two separate words, how can the words uppercase and lowercase be expressed? END
START in relation to the shelf the small letters were located, where were the capital letters? END
START which characteristic of capital letters made it easy to remember. END
START what is the basis of capitalization standards for the sentence-style capitalization? END
START what is the popular capitalization structure and standard used by many british publishers and u.s. newspapers? END
START what is an alternative name for sentence-style capitalization? END
START which popular global publisher utilizes sentence case for titles and headers? END
START besides headlines, what is sentence-style capitalization often applied to? END
START which century did the lower-case script for the greek alphabet originate? END
START which century did the greek alphabet acquire its quadrilinear form? END
START overtime which type of letter forms were mixed increasingly into the greek language script? END
START which year is the earliest dated greek lower-case text? END
START in which literature is the earliest dated greek lower-case text? END
START in orthography and typography, what is the distinction between the letters that are in larger upper case and lower upper case END
START minuscule is a term uses to describe which case of letter? END
START capital letters refer to which case of letter? END
START letter case is used to distinction betweem lowercase and uppercase letter in which common representation of certain languages? END
START capitalization in english is universally standardized for which type of writing? END
START in english the first letter of a sentence is which type of letter? END
START what is capitalization commonly use to indicate in poetry independent of any grammatical feature? END
START how is the first letter of a first-person pronoun handled mid sentence in english? END
START the interjection "o" has been replaced by which more common and preferred word in english? END
START originally alphabets were written entirely in which type of letter? END
START rounder and simpler forms of letters came from writing quickly with which instrument? END
START who developed the carolingian minuscule script for handwriting? END
START carolingian minuscule script quickly spread across which continent? END
START what is a common advantage of miniscule over majuscule handwriting? END
START what is often prescribed by the grammar of a language or by conventions of a particular discipline? END
START which kind of purpose is uppercase reserved for in orthography? END
START which is the most common variant of case in text? END
START engineering design drawings typically utiilze which case of letter in labeling? END
START why are uppercase letters preferred often times when space is restricted? END
START who do majuscules have which distinguish themselves from minuscules? END
START in time new roman the letter "b" would be consider which type of letter based on whether it is above or below average height? END
START descending letters tend to have a part which falls where relative to the average height of a letter? END
START besides the number 6, which number makes of the ascender set in some traditional or classical fonts? END
START what do most western languages use in their written form to add clarity? END
START what are writing systems which make no distinction between majuscales and minuscules often referred to as? END
START which alphabet is a special case because it transitioned from bicameral to unicameral? END
START what are scripts that utilized two seperate cases called? END
START papyri from herculaneum dating before 79 ad have been to to be written in which hand writing? END
START whicy papyrologist theorized lowercase letter actually developed from the fifth century uncials? END
START which continents languages with few exceptions generally did not utilize case distinction until about the year 1300? END
START what was the initial difference between majuscule and minuscule letters?  END
START which type of document was general unicameral because the writer used one type of writing but not another? END
START what is capitalization of significant words applied to in the united states besides titles? END
START capitalization of significant words refers to which family of typographic conventions? END
START which book of literature standards suggests capitalizing the first word and all nouns, pronouns, adjectives, verbs, and adverbs? END
START the use of bold fonts and capilization in titles falls under which unusual grammatical distinction? END
START attempts to unify latin, greek, and cyrillic would create which sort of problems? END
START what among many common letters is shared between latin, greek, and cyrillic? END
START what would be problematic for a multilingual character set or font to provide? END
START what distinguishes latin, greek, and cyrillic from one another? END
START although there are challenges a unified european alphabet is feasible even in the absence of which common language rule? END
START what was the name of the nomad tribes that hunted bison? END
START along which river did they hunt bison? END
START how did the chichimeca survive? END
START the chichimeca are the ancestors of what people? END
START the jornado painted onto what surface? END
START what was the name of the town in which miguel hidalgo y costilla declared independence? END
START what was the name of the proclamation? END
START what was hidalgo's occupation? END
START what was the name of the royalist who captured hidalgo? END
START which country had hidalgo attempted to reach to gain support? END
START who did santa anna order the reinstatement as comandante general? END
START what was the name of the federalist army officer who eventually came into power during the new election? END
START who had actually won the original vote? END
START who was his deputy? END
START who refused to yield until troops were summoned? END
START what was the name of the treaty that ended the war? END
START in which year was the treaty signed? END
START control over which current u.s. state was given to the u.s. under this treaty? END
START how long did the u.s. continue to maintain control over the state capital after the treaty? END
START which american general misunderstood the mexican message sent to sacramento pass? END
START which countries owned mexican debt? END
START who was the president of mexico at the time? END
START who was the foreign affairs minister? END
START who convinced the english to accept the terms of the pact? END
START which country refused to accept? END
START who was deeply dissatisfied with bazaine's decision to abandon chihuahua? END
START how many men did billaut have when he recaptured the city? END
START at its zenith, the imperialist forces controlled all but how many states in mexico? END
START which four states opposed the french? END
START in which year did billaut capture chihuahua? END
START in which year did benito juarez die? END
START the two candidates were heroes of what battle? END
START which plan defended the "no re-election" principle? END
START which party rebelled against the administration? END
START which city was occupied by the lerdista forces? END
START which year did orozco revolt? END
START who notified huerta the revolt had been put down? END
START who saved villa's life? END
START with whom did orozco side? END
START which state has more forests than chihuahua? END
START the state of chihuahua is primarily identified with what type of landscape? END
START the copper canyon is deeper than what popular american canyon? END
START along which two valleys do most inhabitants of chihuahua live? END
START the sierra madre occidentals are an extension of which american mountain range? END
START which city did villa raid? END
START which american president pursued villa? END
START how long did the american troops pursue villa? END
START in which year was villa assassinated? END
START in which city was villa killed? END
START along which mountain range does the cave of windows lie? END
START cuarenta casas is thought to be a branch of which settlement? END
START where did the paquime seek refuge? END
START which current native tribes are thought to be descendants of the casas grandes? END
START which precious metal did biezma discover? END
START how many years was parral an important economic and cultural center? END
START in which year did sante fe inhabitants return home from seeking refuge? END
START which new state capital was founded in 1709? END
START in which city had the inhabitants of sante fe been seeking refuge? END
START in which areas were the earliest human inhabitants discovered? END
START what range of years are the oldest ruins from? END
START which vegetable were they found to have been farming? END
START around what year were the ceramic artifacts found to have been from? END
START how many people left the state for the u.s. between 2000-2005? END
START in which city is there a large number of undocumented immigrants? END
START is the population density the highest or lowest of any mexican state? END
START which are the largest two cities in the state? END
START which nicknames were used to form the conservative and liberal elements? END
START which was the third party? END
START in which year was the body installed? END
START which party had gained control? END
START who was the durango governor? END
START which cities was ibarra looking for? END
START through which present-day state did he travel? END
START ibarra is thought to have been the first european to see the ruins of which city? END
START which was the first spanish city founded in the region? END
START what caused a temporary exodus from nueva vizcaya? END
START what percentage of the population over 15 could read and write spanish? END
START what percentage of children ages 8-14 could read and write spanish? END
START what percentage of children age 6-14 attend an institution of education? END
START what percentage of the population have obtained a college degree? END
START the state's economy ranks in what place in the country mexico END
START what was the gdp of the state as of 2011? END
START which sector was the largest portion of the economy? END
START which sector was the second largest? END
START the state received how much in remittances from the u.s. in 2011? END
START who was the first person elected under the new constitution? END
START where was gonzalez located when he was elected? END
START in which year did gonzalez become commander of chihuahua? END
START for whom was the revolution named? END
START stringed laws were issued against what group? END
START in which region of the state did culture develop? END
START to what does casas grandes translate in english? END
START which prehistoric culture did casas grandes stem from? END
START what city was the center of the casas grandes civilization? END
START to what does cuarenta casas translate in english? END
START until what year did the state remain calm? END
START in which year did the state begin to reinforce defense? END
START what was the price of the small force along the border? END
START the state decreed that how many men serve along the border in 1846? END
START who took measures to the state level for self-dependence due to diminishing financial support from the federal government? END
START which city became the launching place for expeditions into new mexico? END
START in which year was el paso del norte found? END
START the path was important for the expansion of which road? END
START which u.s. state benefited from this road? END
START who was hailed as the father of the nation? END
START who actually achieved independence for the nation? END
START which day eventually became the official day of mexican independence? END
START who painted hidalgo's image on half a dozen murals? END
START in which city do hidalgo's remains lie? END
START in which year did doniphan march with men from missouri? END
START how many men did he have? END
START what was the pass into the capital known as? END
START which was the most important battle fought in chihuahua? END
START how many mexicans were killed in the battle of sacramento? END
START who supported the reaction against the government? END
START who supported the restoration of president pedraza? END
START which state did urrea prepare to invade? END
START who threatened to retaliate? END
START who was deposed under threat from conservative forces? END
START who was established as the new governor? END
START who decided to march on chihuahua in response? END
START which president was forced to flee? END
START until which year did his extended term last? END
START in which year was the new constitution ratified? END
START the state was able to survive through which war? END
START the conservative movement occurred during which year? END
START 1000 men occupied which cities? END
START who established himself as governor? END
START brincourt made preparations to invade which state? END
START in which states had brincourt run military affairs previously? END
START who remained in the capital until august 5, 1865? END
START who surprised the imperial forces in control of hidalgo? END
START the republican government declared who in charge of the fight against the imperialists? END
START where did aguirre defeat the french forces? END
START who had been leading the french forces? END
START during which year was chihuahua declared free of enemy control? END
START who passed laws regarding rights of adjudication of property? END
START who was executed by firing squad on june 19, 1867? END
START who declared war on mexico in 1846? END
START how many men did chihuahua send to defend new mexico? END
START which was the first battle fought by chihuahua? END
START who won the battle? END
START which general maintained camp in el paso del norte after the battle? END
START the elections of which year caused new hostilities? END
START who led a movement against the government in june of 1875? END
START which orchestrator of the revolution of the north was captured? END
START guerra was assassinated in a suburb of which city? END
START with whom was he said to have conspired? END
START under which governor was the education system unified? END
START which system of measurement was standardized? END
START what was inaugurated in chihuahua city on september 16, 1897? END
START the first large scale dam project was initiated on which river? END
START the internal stability was known as what? END
START during what years did the economic growth occur? END
START who committed to a strict "no re-election" policy when running for office? END
START which class was frustrated with diaz due to corruption? END
START orozco responded to whose letter to action? END
START which governor teamed up with orozco? END
START orozco and villa fought for and won which city? END
START madero received support from which country? END
START orozco's army was called by what name? END
START war with what country seemed imminent? END
START pancho villa seeked a conversation with which american president? END
START villa stepped out of whose foreign policy? END
START to which secretary did carothers write? END
START which state is the largest in the country by land? END
START what percentage of the country does it make up? END
START which state borders chihuahua to the direct west? END
START which u.s. state borders to the northeast? END
START climate in the state depends mainly on what? END
START which mountain range dominates the western part of the state? END
START vegetation is much greener in which side of the state, east or west? END
START which side of the state has more precipitation? END
START which part of the state has the most desert; north, south, east, or west? END
START the chihuahuan desert is home to many of which type of animal? END
START which type of reptile is most common in the desert? END
START mephitis macroura is which type of mammal? END
START villa became an enemy of whom? END
START who took control in 1914? END
START carranza met with his opposition at a meeting called what? END
START the convention deposed carranza in favor of whom? END
START at which battle was obregon badly defeated? END
START which months make up the pronounced rainy season in the steppe? END
START the steppe reaches temperatures above what in the winter? END
START the steppe is important agriculturally because of what feature? END
START the mountain climate is found in which part of the state? END
START the state has great diversity thanks to the large number of what? END
START what type of life varies greatly with the elevation in the mountains? END
START the state is home to one of the largest variation species of which genus? END
START several species of which type dot the steppe and transition zone? END
START which city in the state exceeds one million? END
START juarez is ranked where among cities in the country? END
START el paso and ciudad juarez combine for a population of how many people? END
START what is the literacy rate in chihuahua city? END
START what percentage of people in chihuahua live in cities? END
START french forces tried to capture the liberal government based where? END
START which two generals lost against the french on september 21, 1864? END
START the goverment led by whom was forced to evacuate saltillo? END
START which was the last city through which juarez evacuated? END
START which governor led the supportive reception of president juarez? END
START benito juarez was reelected in which year? END
START which state gave juarez a particularly notably strong support? END
START who was confirmed to be the president of the state of chihuahua? END
START which general turned himself over to donato guerra? END
START which year's election was perceived to be fraudulent? END
START the diaz administration allowed the elite to concentrate wealth by favoring what? END
START two-fifths of the state's territory was divided between how many families? END
START this state grew at a rapid pace during the porfiriato. END
START what were installed throughout the state in 1883? END
START asian immigrants became integral to the state economy by opening what businesses? END
START the porfiriato ended in which year? END
START the beginning of what ended the porfiriato? END
START who stated that mexico was ready for a democracy and that he would step down? END
START who was incarcerated while running against diaz? END
START who took up arms in support of madero? END
START the uneasy alliance between whom eventually won rebels the victory? END
START the fight against huerta formally ended on which date? END
START in which city did obregon sign a number of treaties? END
START who made a triumphant entry into mexico city on august 20, 1914? END
START which is the main mountain range in the state? END
START what altitude does the mountain range reach at maximum? END
START which state has more forests than any other? END
START precipitation and temperature in the mountainous region depend on what? END
START what type of plants can be found in some canyons? END
START what type of land dominates in the eastern part of the state? END
START which city is known for its sand dunes? END
START both types of climate zones in the eastern part of the state are what? END
START the transition zone between east and west is called what? END
START the state hosts populations of birds of both endemic species and what? END
START cynanthus latirostris is what type of bird? END
START aquila chrysaetos is what type of bird? END
START which endemic species has symbolic significance to mexicans? END
START who invited canadians to resettle in mexico during the mexican revolution? END
START today, mexico accounts for what percentage of mennonites in latin america? END
START mennonites speak a form of which language predominantly?  END
START which food do mennonites excel in producing? END
START mennonites account for about how much of the state's farm economy? END
START agriculture varies across the state because of the variation in what? END
START which fruit does the state rank first in production? END
START the state produces lots of dairy which large processors of what dairy product? END
START the state ranks second in the production of what type of wood? END
START the state ranked second with over 150,000 metric tons of what metal? END
START what was the first province of northern new spain to be explored? END
START around 1528, a group of spaniards entered the territory that now makes up what state? END
START the conquest of the territory lasted nearly how long? END
START which tribe resisted fiercely this conquest? END
START the spanish crown wanted to turn the region into what type of industry? END
START hidalgo was turned over by whom? END
START in which year was hidalgo turned over? END
START how was hidalgo executed after having been found guilty? END
START hidalgo refused the use of what during his execution? END
START in which state was hidalgo's headless body buried? END
START during which year was the federal government unstable? END
START who dissolved the government eventually? END
START with which type of government did ortiz replace the old one? END
START which new governor was arrested by ochoa and bustamente? END
START who now headed the civil and military authorities? END
START military command was given to whom based on his firmness? END
START the state was in a war with what group? END
START who declared the state's civil and military forces should be combined during the campaign? END
START in which year did gonzalez receive renomination? END
START what group continuously attacked mexican settlements? END
START how many military colonies were established by the state? END
START the military colonies replaced what as population centers? END
START how many men per 1000 residents were mandated to defend? END
START which political forces maintained strong control over the state until shortly after french intervention? END
START the intervention had serious consequences for which state? END
START who made an effort to organize a strong defense against the french? END
START who assigned the first battalion of chihuahua for integration into the army? END
START to where was the battalion first deployed? END
START juarez again based his government in which state? END
START the base served as the center for the resistance against whose invasion? END
START on march 25, 1866, a battle ensued where in chihuahua city? END
START who decided to fire a heavy artillery barrage with 8 kg cannonballs? END
START which structure in the church became a historical monument? END
START the officials in mexico reduced the price of what food from six cents to two cents per pound? END
START who led the revolt for the northern portion of the state? END
START casavantes was successful in getting which governor to exile? END
START durango and coahuila had a military confrontation over what natural resource? END
START who was able to secure and stabilize the state eventually and gain the support of the people? END
START the state's economy was largely defined by these two industries. END
START diaz promoted economic growth by encouraging investment from foreign companies at the expense of what group? END
START what was the name of the large estates owned by wealthy families? END
START this group was often exploited and had no legal protection or recourse. END
START who issued the plan de guadalupe? END
START the plan de guadalupe refused to recognize who as the president? END
START who returned to mexico to fight huerta? END
START which city was the rebellion's capital for most of the struggle? END
START carranza threatened war with what country in order to maintain credibility nationally? END
START the desert zone accounts for how much of the state's surface area? END
START the chihuahuan desert also extends into which neighboring mexican state? END
START the desert zone's topography is mostly what shape? END
START lower elevations and higher temperature are found in which region of the state; north, south, east, or west? END
START which well-known river runs in the northern part of the state? END
START canis latrans is what animal? END
START ursus americanus is what animal that is found in relatively small numbers? END
START the main cause of degradation has been what? END
START what type of snake is most popular in the region with many different species? END
START the last census in mexico that asked for race was carried out in which year? END
START according to the census of 1921, what percentage of citizens were mestizo? END
START the second largest group of people were whom? END
START what agreement sparked industrial development during the 1990s? END
START large factories called what were built to export manufactured goods to the us and canada? END
START how many in the state are employed by maquiladoras? END
START what type of business employs the largest portion of the population? END
START most maquiladoras today produce what? END
START who believe that imamah is of the principles of faith? END
START on what day was ali appointed as the prophet's successor? END
START what verse in the quran expresses the necessity to the appointment of the prophets? END
START who must assign a successor after the demise of a prophet? END
START what must a prophet do? END
START what is the shia islam doctrine called? END
START who do the shia believe are the true successors of muhammad? END
START what is the role of imams? END
START who do the shia believe are possessed of divine knowledge and authority? END
START why did different sects come about within shiism? END
START what great separation came to be from a dispute over the succession to muhammad? END
START what is the literal meaning of tariqah? END
START what does each shia tariqah follow? END
START what is it called when the last imam or his unborn successor goes into concealment? END
START what is the basic characteristis of muhammad and the prophets? END
START what religion were all of muhammad's ancestors? END
START who does the quran say was also from a pious family? END
START what is forbidden for the divine leader? END
START what is the sign that indicates the divine leader? END
START what word literally means a person who stands or walks in front? END
START for sunni islam, what does the word imam commonly mean? END
START what does the word madhhab mean? END
START what does imam mean in its proper religious context? END
START what group do the shia tariqahs belong to? END
START what has happened to some of the shia tariqahs last imams? END
START who deny the concept of occulation? END
START what kind of imam do shia nizari ismailis have? END
START what would happen to the nizari ismaili if the imam fails to leave a successor? END
START how many great prophets has allah sent? END
START what are the seven great prophets known as? END
START what are the seven great prophets supposed to do? END
START what is the great prophets assistant called? END
START in shia tariqah, what are the twelvers commonly known as? END
START what are the nizari ismailis more commonly known as? END
START what are the mustalian ismailis commonly known as? END
START which tariqah no longer exists? END
START which tariah is known as the fivers? END
START how did al-mahdi maintain contact during his occultation? END
START how did deputies represent al-mahdi? END
START what would believers do when they had a problem? END
START what would the deputy endorse the concerns with? END
START what did the deputies collect in the imam's behalf? END
START how do ismailis differ from twelvers? END
START who is the elder brother of musa al-kadhim? END
START who is the father of isma'il ibn jafar? END
START what did imam ismail pass on to his son? END
START what are the mustali ismaili shia muslims also known as? END
START what do bohras believe happened to taiyab abi al-qasim? END
START who are the bohras led by in the absence of an imam? END
START what does a dai-al-mutlaq do? END
START who is dawoodi bohra's present 53rd da'i al-butlaq? END
START who do muslims believe said "to whomsoever i am mawla, ali is his mawla? END
START how many books can this quote be found? END
START what is the point of conflict between sunni and shia? END
START what does the work mawla mean to sunnies? END
START what does the word mawla mean to shia? END
START by what quran verse to shias believe that imamah is a divine position? END
START what does the quran verse 17:71 say? END
START imamah is a position appointed by who? END
START what is an imam protected by? END
START who knows everything that is needed to get to the truth and goal? END
START who was the brother of hassan ibn 'ali? END
START usually, how has each imam been related to the previous imam? END
START what bible verse do shia use to support their belief of succession? END
START what type of sensation is pitch? END
START what is pitch closely related to? END
START each persons perception of sound is called? END
START octaves in linear pitch are what size? END
START semitones in linear pitch are what size? END
START a440 in linear pitch are what size? END
START an equal-tempered semitone is subdivided into how many cents? END
START the pitch halfway between c (60) and c (61) is labeled what? END
START what is the most common method of organization? END
START the pitch ratio between any two successive notes is? END
START all these different methods have what in common? END
START pitch is the auditory attribute to what? END
START pitch is a close proxy for what? END
START high pitch is what type of oscillation? END
START low pitch is what type of oscillation? END
START this produces many modes of vibration that occur simultaneously? END
START a listener can hear how many frequencies at once? END
START harmonics are an important class of what? END
START integer multiples are collectively called?  END
START the pitch of complex tones can be? END
START a complex tone is composed of how many waves? END
START  the percept at 200 hz is commonly referred to as? END
START the percept at 200 hz is commonly referred to as the missing fundamental, which is often? END
START the just-noticeable difference, at which a change is perceived depends on what? END
START the jnd is typically tested by? END
START what is the range of perceptible pitch steps to human hearing? END
START which drum has a higher perceived pitch even though they both have indefinite pitch? END
START repetition pitch is caused by what phenomenon? END
START it is possible and often easy to roughly discern the relative pitches of two sounds of what? END
START the notion of pitch is insensitive to what? END
START the description "g4 double sharp" refers to the same pitch as what? END
START human perception of musical intervals is approximately what? END
START music theorist represent pitches using what kind of scale? END
START the precise way this temporal structure helps code for pitch at higher levels is based on what? END
START is a temporal delay necessary to produce an autocorrelation model of pitch perception? END
START pitch perception  has inherent octave what? END
START when did king richard i begin his reign? END
START which animal is the main motif of england's national football team? END
START what type of headgear originally appeared on the lions' heads on england's national football team motif? END
START in which year was the fa given an official coat of arms by the college of arms? END
START since 2003, england has topped their logo with a star to recognize their world cup win in which year? END
START in what year was king richard i born? END
START where is the english logo currently embroidered on their shirts? END
START what colour are the ten tudor roses on england's shirts? END
START in what year was the college of arms established? END
START who established the college of arms? END
START what color were england's first away kits? END
START what color are the socks traditionally worn in england's away kits? END
START three times in 1996, england wore what color socks in their away kits instead of the traditional red socks? END
START in 2011, england introduced a new away kit in what color? END
START when a new edition of england's away kit has been introduced, the kit is sometimes worn during what type of matches? END
START in what year did england stop using blue away kits? END
START what did germany's supporters think of their kits during the euro 96 matches? END
START what shade of blue was used in england's first away kits? END
START what color kits was germany wearing during the euro 96? END
START what shade of red is england's traditional away colour shirts? END
START in what year was england most recently eliminated from fifa world cup contention? END
START in which three years did england fail to qualify for the world cup? END
START in 2014, england was eliminated from the world cup after being defeated by italy and which other team? END
START after the first round of the 2014 fifa world cup, how many teams remained in contention? END
START what was the final score when, in 2010, england lost to germany in the round of 16 of the fifa world cup? END
START where was the 1974 world cup held? END
START what was one of the four teams that remained after the first round in 1950? END
START where did slovenia place in the 2010 world cup games? END
START what was the score when england played italy in the 2014 fifa world cup? END
START in what year was germany's football team's worst defeat? END
START in what year did england suffer their first defeat at home to a foreign team? END
START what was the final score of england's worst ever defeat? END
START in what year did england reach the quarter-finals of the fifa world cup for the first time? END
START to whom is the quote "it was like playing men from outer space" attributed? END
START after reaching the fifa world cup quarter-finals for the first time, to whom did england lose with a final score of 4-2? END
START in what year was goodison park built? END
START in what year did syd owen start playing for england's football team? END
START on what date in 1953 did england's football team lose to hungary? END
START what was the score of england's football teams biggest win? END
START in what year did capello resign as england's football manager? END
START capello resigned as england's football manager after a dispute over removing which player from team captaincy? END
START who became the new manager of england's football team in may of 2012? END
START in which round of uefa euro 2012 was england eliminated? END
START a defeat by which team ultimately eliminated england from uefa euro 2012? END
START in what year was capello made england's manager? END
START what country hosted the uefa euro 2012? END
START who was the manager of italy's team in 2012? END
START in what year did john terry become captain of england's team? END
START who won the uefa euro 2012? END
START which governing body controls the england national football team? END
START which other team, besides england, is one of the  two oldest national teams in football? END
START in what year did england and scotland play the world's first international football match? END
START what is the name of england's home field in london? END
START who is the current team manager of england's football team? END
START when was fifa founded? END
START where does the isle of man football team play home games? END
START who is the isle of man football team manager? END
START where is roy hodgson from? END
START in what year did roy hodgson become the team manager of england's football team? END
START in which year did england join fifa? END
START england played against countries besides the home nations for the first time in what year? END
START in what year did wembley stadium open? END
START england left fifa in 1928 and ultimately rejoined in what year? END
START what was the first year after england left and rejoined fifa in which they played in a world cup? END
START in what year did fifa come into existence? END
START in what year was the first world cup played? END
START what was the score the first time the united states competed for a world cup? END
START what was the name of one of the home stadiums england played in prior to 1923? END
START in what year did the united states join fifa? END
START in which place did england finish in the uefa european football championship in 1968? END
START in how many uefa european championship finals has england competed? END
START where does england rank in terms of the number of uefa european football championship appearances? END
START in what four years was england eliminated from the uefa european championship in the first round? END
START in which five years did england fail to qualify for the uefa european championship? END
START who hosted the uefa european football championship in 1968? END
START who finished in first place at the 1968 uefa european football championship? END
START in what year was the first uefa european football championship held? END
START in what year did england play its first uefa european football championship match? END
START in what country was the 1980 uefa european football championship held? END
START a defeat by which team eliminated england from the 1970 fifa world cup? END
START what was the final score of england's last match of the 1970 fifa world cup? END
START in which year did england fail to qualify for the fifa world cup resulting in ramsey's dismissal? END
START where did the 1970 fifa world cup take place? END
START where did the 1982 fifa world cup take place? END
START in what year was ron greenwood born? END
START in what country was the world cup played in 1974? END
START where was the world cup played in 1974? END
START what was one of the teams england's football team played in the 1982 world cup games? END
START in what year did ron greenwood take over leadership of england's football team? END
START who was the first non-english person to manage england's football team? END
START how many competitive matches were lost under the tenure of manager sven-gran eriksson? END
START what was the highest world ranking achieved by england under management by sven-gran eriksson? END
START in what year was the contract of sven-gran eriksson terminated? END
START in what year did sven-gran eriksson become the manager of england's football team? END
START who was the first english manager of england's football team? END
START what was the world ranking of england's team prior to sven-goran eriksson taking over? END
START who won the 2006 fifa world cup? END
START in what country was the 2006 fifa world cup played? END
START in what year was the football association established? END
START commentated broadcasts of all england matches air on what network? END
START what was the first season in which england's qualifiers and friendlies were broadcast on itv? END
START what network is itv's affiliate in northern and central scotland? END
START in what year was an england football match aired only via the internet for the first time? END
START approximately how many total viewers watched the england world cup qualifier on the internet on 10 october 2009? END
START in what year did bbc radio 5 live start broadcasting england's matches? END
START who won the 2010 world cup? END
START how many people listen to bbc radio 5 live broadcasts of england's matches during the 2008-09 season? END
START in what year was setanta sports founded? END
START who did england play against on 10 october 2009? END
START in how many fifa world cups has england appeared? END
START besides france, which other team is tied with england for number of appearances in the fifa world cup? END
START in which year did england win the fifa world cup for the first and only time? END
START in what place did england finish in the 1990 fifa world cup? END
START which country hosted the 1990 fifa world cup? END
START how many fifa world cups has france been in? END
START in what year was spain's first world cup appearance? END
START who won the 1990 world cup? END
START where was the 2002 world cup held? END
START where was the 1950 fifa world cup held? END
START where were augustus chapman allen and john kirby allen from? END
START how many acres of land did augustus chapman allen and john kirby allen purchase in 1836? END
START what was the reason the allen brothers purchased land in 1836? END
START who did the allen brothers name the city they founded after? END
START in what year was sam houston elected president of texas? END
START who bought land along buffalo bayou to build a city? END
START how much land did the allen brothers buy? END
START after which famous general was the city named? END
START in 1860 what percentage of the city's population was slaves? END
START how much did the slave population of houston increase from 1850 to 1860? END
START who originally came from houston and moved to new york? END
START how many acres of land did augustus chapman allen and john kirby allen purchase in 1936? END
START  what was the reason the allen brothers sold land in 1836? END
START what did the allen brothers name the city they founded after? END
START  in 1830 what percentage of the city's population was slaves? END
START what event cause shipping activities to be suspended? END
START petrochemical refineries and manufacturing plants were built due to the demand for what items during the war? END
START when was ellington field built? END
START when was the brown shipbuilding company founded? END
START what was the policy created by president roosevelt due to the boom in defense jobs? END
START what kind of refineries were built along the houston ship channel? END
START to fill what type of demand were refineries built? END
START what world event caused this increased need for petrochemicals? END
START why did thousands of new workers flock to houston? END
START which president created a policy of non-discrimination for defense contractors? END
START what event cause shipping activities to begin? END
START farms were built due to the demand for what items during the war? END
START  when was ellington field destroyed? END
START  when was the brown shipbuilding company destroyed? END
START hat was the policy created by the vice-president due to the boom in defense jobs? END
START in what year did the space shuttle challenger explode after launch? END
START why did houston's economy have problems in the late 1980's? END
START in the 1990's, what is something houston did to try to diversify it's economy? END
START the petroleum industry has become a larger part of houston's economy again for what reason? END
START what caused population growth to decline  in the 1980s? END
START which shuttle disintegrated in 1986 to cause a decline in the space industry? END
START when did houston suffer an economic decline? END
START what did houston focus on after the 1990s recession to improve its economy? END
START when did houston begin to regain its dependence on the oil industry? END
START in what year did the space shuttle challenger succeed after launch? END
START  why didn't houston's economy have problems in the late 1980's? END
START in the 1990's, what is something houston did to try not to diversify it's economy? END
START the petroleum industry did not become a larger part of houston's economy again for what reason? END
START what materials are underpinning the land surface of houston? END
START houston's geology was formed from river deposits from the erosion of what mountains? END
START the sand and clay deposited onto decaying marine matter transformed into what? END
START what is halite? END
START what type of farming is houston's surface soil good for? END
START what geological event caused the foundations of the land beneath houston? END
START besides sands, what are the foundations of houston's land? END
START how deep are the clay and sands foundations of houston? END
START what did the decaying organics under the clay and sand deposits later form? END
START what agricultural crop was farmed in the rich soils on the outlying areas of houston? END
START what materials are underpinning the water of houston? END
START  houston's geology was formed from river deposits from the erosion of what ocean? END
START the glass deposited onto decaying marine matter transformed into what? END
START  what is falsalite? END
START  what type of fishing is houston's waters good for? END
START downtown houston consisted of what type of building in the 1960's? END
START when were skyscrapers first built in houston? END
START what is the tallest building in texas? END
START how tall is the jp morgan chase tower? END
START what is the second tallest building in houston? END
START in the 1970 s what developer built high rises in downtown houston? END
START what was the highest building in houston completed in 1982? END
START what was the original name of the jp morgan chase tower? END
START what is the chase tower rated as in height in texas? END
START by 2007 how many square feet of office space did houston have? END
START texas consisted of what type of building in the 1960's? END
START  when were skyscrapers first built in texas? END
START  what is the tallest building outside of houston? END
START  how tall is the pnc bank tower? END
START houston ranked 3rd in which category by forbes magazine in 2006? END
START how many offices have been established in houston by foreign governments? END
START how many foreign governments maintain trade and commercial offices in houston? END
START how many foreign banks operate in houston? END
START how many nations do the 25 foreign banks operating in houston represent? END
START when did the houston area rank first in texas for business? END
START how did houston rank in the u.s. for business? END
START how many consular offices does houston have? END
START how many foreign countries have trade offices in houston? END
START how many nations do the twenty-five foreign banks represent? END
START houston ranked 23rd in which category by forbes magazine in 2006? END
START how many offices have been established in texas by foreign governments? END
START how many foreign governments maintain trade and commercial offices in texas? END
START  how many foreign banks operate in texas? END
START how many nations do the 25 foreign banks operating in texas represent? END
START what is the largest annual event held in houston? END
START how long does the houston livestock show and rodeo last? END
START when is the annual houston pride parade held? END
START what is some other annual events held in houston? END
START what art festival held in houston is one of the top 5 in the us? END
START what event is the longest running in houston? END
START when is the houston livestock show and rodeo held? END
START when is the houston pride parade held? END
START what form of car parade is held in houston? END
START where does the bayou city art festival rank in u.s. art festivals? END
START what is the largest annual event held in texas? END
START how long does the texas livestock show and rodeo last? END
START  when is the annual texas pride parade held? END
START  what is some other annual events held in texas? END
START  what art festival held in houston is one of the top 3 in the us? END
START what does houston have the most of compared to other large us cities? END
START how many acres of land does houston's green spaces cover? END
START who manages houston's green spaces? END
START what is one of the largest skate parks in texas? END
START who ranked houston the 23rd most walkable of the 50 largest cities in the us? END
START how many acres of parks does houston have? END
START after whom is the houston skate park named? END
START who owns and runs the skate park in houston? END
START for whom was the uptown district water park in houston named? END
START how does houston rank as a walkable city? END
START what does houston have the most of compared to other large uk cities? END
START  how many acres of land does texas's green spaces cover? END
START who manages texas's green spaces? END
START  what is one of the largest skate parks in houston? END
START who ranked texas the 23rd most walkable of the 50 largest cities in the us? END
START who is the current mayor of houston? END
START what form of government does houston have? END
START who are houston's elected officials? END
START what does houston's mayor also serve as? END
START besides the general management of the city, houston's mayor is also responsible for what? END
START what is the form of city  government in houston? END
START what type of municipal elections are held in texas? END
START besides the mayor and controller, how many members are there on the city council? END
START who is the mayor of houston since the last election? END
START to what political party is mayor turner aligned?  END
START  who is the current senator of houston? END
START  what form of government does texas have? END
START  who are texas's elected officials? END
START  what does houston's senator also serve as? END
START what was the first public television station in the us? END
START how is houston public radio funded? END
START houston public radio us comprised of how many stations? END
START what stations comprise houston public radio? END
START who owns the kuht, kuhf, and kuha stations? END
START which of houston's television stations was the first public television station in the u.s.? END
START what kind of radio station is kuhf? END
START what type of radio station is kuha? END
START from what building do the two public radio stations broadcast? END
START where is the melcher center located? END
START what was the first private television station in the us? END
START  how is houston private radio funded? END
START texas private radio us comprised of how many stations? END
START  who sold the kuht, kuhf, and kuha stations? END
START which of houston's television stations was the first private television station in the u.s.? END
START where is houston located? END
START where is houston ranked among the most populous cities in the us? END
START what was the population of houston in 2014? END
START what is houston the principle city of? END
START what is the fifth most populated metropolitan area in the us? END
START what is the most populous city in texas? END
START how does houston rank as to population in the u.s.? END
START according to the 2014 census, how many people live in houston? END
START what is the land are of the city of houston? END
START houston is located in which texas county? END
START where is texas located? END
START where is houston ranked among the least populous cities in the us? END
START what was the population of houston in 2012? END
START what is houston the non-principle city of? END
START  what is the sixth most populated metropolitan area in the us? END
START what commodity was houston known for in 1860?  END
START what type of roads converged in houston? END
START which civil war general used houston as a headquarters? END
START for what battle was houston used as an organization point ? END
START what was houston known for by 1890? END
START what commodity was houston not known for in 1860? END
START  what type of roads didn't converge in houston? END
START  which wwii general used houston as a headquarters? END
START  for what war was houston used as an organization point ? END
START  what was houston known for by 1810? END
START how many people evacuated to houston after hurricane katrina? END
START what event caused 2.5 million people to evacuate through houston? END
START the evacuation of the gulf coast before hurricane rita was what type of evacuation? END
START when did hurricane ike hit the houston area? END
START fearing traffic problems, how many people refused to leave galveston before hurricane ike? END
START how many people stayed in houston after hurricane katrina? END
START what event caused 5 million people to evacuate through houston? END
START the evacuation of the west coast before hurricane rita was what type of evacuation? END
START  when did hurricane ike avoid the houston area? END
START fearing traffic problems, how many people flew out of galveston before hurricane ike? END
START what is the largest city in the u.s. without formal zoning? END
START besides parking requirements, what land use regulations does houston have? END
START what is houston's land use policies credited with producing? END
START what serious situation of 2008 was houston spared? END
START how many building permits were issued in 2008 in houston? END
START what is the largest city in the u.s. with formal zoning? END
START besides parking requirements, what land use regulations does texas have? END
START  what is houston's ocean use policies credited with producing? END
START  what serious situation of 2009 was houston spared? END
START how many building permits were issued in 2019 in houston? END
START of what is houston a center? END
START what has the houston ship channel served to promote into success? END
START where does the port of houston rank in international commerce? END
START where does houston rate in the size ranking of world ports? END
START what lines begin or end in houston? END
START of what is texas a center? END
START what has the texas ship channel served to promote into success? END
START  where does the port of texas rank in international commerce? END
START  where does texas rate in the size ranking of world ports? END
START  what lines begin or end in texas? END
START what area of houston hosts performing arts? END
START of what is houston second in performing arts? END
START to what type of arts is houston home? END
START to what group is jones hall home? END
START besides jones hall, what other organization is housed in the theater district? END
START what area of houston hosts visual arts? END
START  of what is houston fourth in performing arts? END
START  to what type of arts is texas home? END
START what company is jones hall owned by? END
START besides jones hall, what other organization is housed in the movie district? END
START how much area of downtown houston does the theater district cover? END
START what place produces live concerts, plays and comedy? END
START where is space center houston? END
START what tourist offerings does the space center have? END
START what is the galleria the largest of in texas? END
START how much area of downtown texas does the theater district cover? END
START  what place banned live concerts, plays and comedy? END
START  where is space center texas? END
START  what tourist offerings does the space center not have? END
START  what is the galleria the largest of in houston? END
START what is the name of the stadium that hosts the houston astros? END
START where in houston is the toyota center located? END
START what is the home of the texans named? END
START which stadium is located in east downtown in houston? END
START what was the first indoor stadium in the world? END
START what is the name of the stadium that hosts the texas astros? END
START  where in texas is the toyota center located? END
START  what is the home of the houstons named? END
START  which stadium is located in east downtown in texas? END
START  what was the first outdoor stadium in the world? END
START what is houston's one catholic university? END
START what famous research university is located in houston? END
START what is the student enrollment of rice university? END
START when was houston baptist university founded? END
START what area in houston is the home of the houston baptist university? END
START what is texas's one catholic university? END
START  what famous research university is located in texas? END
START  what is the teacher enrollment of rice university? END
START  when was texas baptist university founded? END
START  what area in texas is the home of the houston baptist university? END
START where in houston is the world's largest grouping of healthcare institutions? END
START how many non profit organizations are members of the medical center? END
START how many people are employed in the texas medical center? END
START how many hospitals belong to the medical center group of organizations? END
START what is the name of the first air emergency service? END
START where in texas is the world's largest grouping of healthcare institutions? END
START  how many for-profit organizations are members of the medical center? END
START  how many people are employed in the houston medical center? END
START how many hospitals are outside of the medical center group of organizations? END
START until 2010, which airline made houston its headquarters? END
START where is united airlines' largest air hub? END
START with which airline did continental airlines merge? END
START how many daily flights did united airlines offer from houston? END
START in what year was bush intercontinental named a model by u.s. customs? END
START until 2010, which airline made texas its headquarters? END
START  where is united airlines' smallest air hub? END
START  with which airline did continental airlines separate? END
START  how many daily flights did united airlines offer from texas? END
START what city has more fortune 500 headquarters than houston? END
START what part of houston ranks first in the u.s. in international tonnage? END
START what is houston's nickname?  END
START what is varied about houston's population? END
START what city is the most diverse in texas? END
START what city doesn't have more fortune 500 headquarters than houston? END
START what part of houston ranks last in the u.s. in international tonnage? END
START  what is texas's nickname? END
START  what isn't varied about houston's population? END
START  what city is the least diverse in texas? END
START what kind of winter weather does houston have? END
START what is the usual mean temperature in houston? END
START what type of weather is a rarity in houston? END
START when was the coldest reported temperature in houston? END
START how much rain does houston usually get per year? END
START what kind of summer weather does houston have? END
START  what is the usual mean temperature in texas? END
START  what type of weather is common in houston? END
START  when was the warmest reported temperature in houston? END
START  how many tornadoes does houston usually get per year? END
START how much money does the university of houston attract to houston a year? END
START how many local jobs are produced by the university of houston? END
START how many student graduate from the university of houston per year? END
START where do most university graduates stay after acquiring a degree? END
START even after five years, how many graduates remain in houston? END
START how much money does the university of texas attract to texas a year? END
START  how many local jobs are produced by the university of texas? END
START how many student graduate from the university of texas per year? END
START  where do most university graduates go to after acquiring a degree? END
START  even after five years, how many graduates remain in texas? END
START when was houston founded? END
START where is allen's landing? END
START when was the city of houston incorporated? END
START for whom was houston named? END
START for what battle was sam houston known as commander? END
START where is fallan's landing? END
START what used to be known as allan's landing END
START what happened in 1837? END
START  when was the city of houston unincorporated? END
START in what part of the united states is houston located? END
START what part of the houston population is growing? END
START how many of the people who live in houston were foreign born? END
START what percentage of houston's foreign born population is from south of the u.s.-mexican border? END
START how many foreign born houstonites are from asia? END
START in what part of the united states is texas located? END
START  what part of the texas population is growing? END
START  how many of the people who live in texas were foreign born? END
START what percentage of houston's foreign born population is from north of the u.s.-mexican border? END
START  how many foreign born houstonites are from africa? END
START what event caused an increase in effort to promote the houston port? END
START where was oil found that promoted the development of the oil industry in houston? END
START near what texas city is the spindletop oil field located? END
START who approved the improvement project for the houston ship channel? END
START in what year did houston's population reach 78,000? END
START what event caused an decrease in effort to promote the houston port? END
START  where was oil found that promoted the development of the cotton industry in houston? END
START near what oklahoma city is the spindletop oil field located? END
START who rejected the improvement project for the houston ship channel? END
START  in what year did houston's population reach 98,000? END
START what is the square mile area of houston? END
START how much of houston's total area is water? END
START in what topography is houston located? END
START how is the vegetation of the area classified? END
START what kind of weather event is a recurring problem for houston? END
START what is the square mile area of texas? END
START  how much of houston's total area is farm? END
START  in what topography is texas located? END
START  how is the oil of the area classified? END
START  what kind of weather event is a not recurring problem for houston? END
START how many days per year are houston temperatures over 90 degrees? END
START how many days a year do houston temperatures average above 100 degrees? END
START what weather factor produces a higher heat index? END
START what weather factor provides little in heat relief in houston? END
START what was the highest temperature recorded in houston? END
START how many days per year are houston temperatures over 10 degrees? END
START how many days a year do houston temperatures average above 50 degrees? END
START  what weather factor produces a lower heat index? END
START  what weather factor provides a lot of in heat relief in houston? END
START  what was the lowest temperature recorded in houston? END
START what is the political climate of houston? END
START who in houston tends to vote republican? END
START how do the working and minority areas vote in houston? END
START what percent of hispanics vote democrat? END
START what percent of non-hispanic whites vote republican? END
START  what is the political climate of texas? END
START how much of houston's population is white? END
START what percentage of houston's population is african-american? END
START what group makes up 6 % of houston's population? END
START according to the 2000 census, what is the population of houston? END
START what was the percentage of whites in 1970? END
START how much of texas's population is white? END
START  what percentage of texas's population is african-american? END
START  what group makes up 6 % of texas's population? END
START  according to the 2000 census, what is the population of texas? END
START  what was the percentage of whites in 1900? END
START what was houston's gross domestic product in 2012? END
START where in the rankings does houston's gross domestic product place it compared to other u.s. domestic areas? END
START how many other countries have a gross domestic product exceeding houston's? END
START how much did oil and gas exploration and production make up houston's gross product? END
START under what category does oil and gas exploration fall? END
START what was houston's gross domestic product in 2001? END
START where in the rankings does texas's gross domestic product place it compared to other u.s. domestic areas? END
START ow many other countries have a gross domestic product exceeding texas's? END
START  how much did oil and gas exploration and production make up texas's gross product? END
START  under what category does ocean exploration fall? END
START what houston medical school ranks in the top ten u.s. medical schools? END
START how does md anderson cancer center rank in us hospitals dealing with cancer care? END
START what type of treatments does the menninger clinic offer? END
START what is the third largest acute care center in the u.s.? END
START where is the triumph healthcare hospital headquartered? END
START what houston medical school ranks in the top ten uk medical schools? END
START how does md anderson cancer center rank in uk hospitals dealing with cancer care? END
START  what type of treatments does the menninger clinic never offer? END
START  what is the fourth largest acute care center in the u.s.? END
START where did houston rank for job creation in 2013? END
START what was houston the first city to do regain after the recession caused job loss? END
START how many jobs did houston add for every one lost? END
START how many foreign companies relocated to houston? END
START on what forbes list did houston appear in 2013? END
START where did houston rank for job creation in 2003? END
START what was houston the first city to do regain after the recession caused job boom? END
START  how many jobs did texas add for every one lost? END
START  how many foreign companies relocated to texas? END
START  on what forbes list did houston appear in 2003? END
START how many community colleges serve houston? END
START how are the houston community college and lone star college systems ranked among educational facilities? END
START what college system serves most of houston? END
START which community college system serves the northwestern and northeastern areas? END
START what part of houston does san jacinto college serve? END
START how many community colleges serve texas? END
START how are the texas community college and lone star college systems ranked among educational facilities? END
START  what college system serves most of texas? END
START which community college system serves the southwestern and southeastern areas? END
START  what part of texas does san jacinto college serve? END
START when did houston start using light rail lines? END
START how long was the first light rail line in houston? END
START where did the red line rail track terminate? END
START how many new rail lines are planned for the future in houston light rail? END
START how many passengers used amtrak to embark at houston? END
START  when did texas start using light rail lines? END
START  how wide was the first light rail line in houston? END
START  where did the blue line rail track terminate? END
START how many new rail lines are planned for the future in texas light rail? END
START  how many passengers used amtrak to embark at texas? END
START what is the second airport that serves houston? END
START what was the earlier name of hobby airport? END
START when was houston international airport renamed to hobby airport? END
START which airline now offers international flights from hobby airport? END
START for what is hobby airport ranked in the top five performing airports? END
START what is the second airport that serves texas? END
START  what was the last name of hobby airport? END
START when was texas international airport renamed to hobby airport? END
START  which airline never offered international flights from hobby airport? END
START for what is hobby airport ranked in the top six performing airports? END
START how many estimated active faults does houston have? END
START what is the total length of the houston faults? END
START which of the geologic faults run through the center of houston? END
START what geological feature has been removed underground to cause sinking in areas of southeast houston? END
START what is a slow smooth rate of movement of faults called? END
START  how many estimated unactive faults does houston have? END
START what is the total width of the houston faults? END
START  which of the geologic faults run through the center of texas? END
START what geological feature has been placed underground to cause sinking in areas of southeast houston? END
START  what is a fast smooth rate of movement of faults called? END
START what system of incorporation was used in 1837 by houston? END
START what is the present day system being used by houston for representation? END
START what highway is used to designate locations in houston? END
START beside older pre-world war ii residences, what is found inside the loop?  END
START what highway circles the outer areas of houston? END
START  what system of incorporation was used in 1937 by houston? END
START what is the present day system being used by texas for representation? END
START  what highway is used to designate locations in texas? END
START beside older pre-civil war residences, what is found inside the loop? END
START  what highway circles the outer areas of texas? END
START what area is located at post oak boulevard and westheimer road? END
START when did the uptown district expand? END
START what is the tallest building in uptown houston? END
START how many square feet of office space did houston have in uptown in 2002? END
START until 1999 what was the williams tower known as? END
START what area is located at post oak street and westheimer avenue? END
START  when did the texas expand? END
START  what is the tallest building in texas? END
START how many square feet of office space did texas have in 2003? END
START  until 1909 what was the williams tower known as? END
START besides oil and gas, what is houston known for? END
START what other industry is a large part of houston's economy? END
START what designation does the globalization and world cities study group give houston? END
START in what did houston pass new york city in 2013? END
START how much in dollars did the houston area export in 2012? END
START besides oil and gas, what is texas known for? END
START  what other industry is a large part of texas economy? END
START what designation does the globalization and world cities study group give texas? END
START  in what did houston pass new york city in 2003? END
START how much in dollars did the texas area export in 2012? END
START how did kiplinger's personal finance best cities rate houston? END
START when did houston receive a ranking in the top of kiplinger's best cities list? END
START where did forbes magazine place houston for technological innovation? END
START where did houston place for fortune 500 companies? END
START when was houston ranked the best city for shopping? END
START  how did kiplinger's personal finance best cities rate texas? END
START when did texas receive a ranking in the top of kiplinger's best cities list? END
START where did forbes magazine place texas for technological innovation? END
START  where did texas place for fortune 500 companies? END
START when was texas ranked the best city for shopping? END
START for which sports team category does houston not have a team ? END
START when were the houston astros formed? END
START until 1965 what were the houston astros called? END
START when were the houston astros in the world series? END
START since what year have the houston rockets been a houston team? END
START  for which sports team category does texas not have a team? END
START when were the houston astros dissolved? END
START  until 1935 what were the houston astros called? END
START  when did the the houston astros miss going to the world series? END
START since what year have the texas rockets been a texas team? END
START how many members did the original houston city council have? END
START how many at-large positions were there originally? END
START what areas do at-large council members represent? END
START what population figure needs to be passed to add at large council members? END
START how many at-large council members were added in the 2011 elections? END
START how many members did the original texas city council have? END
START  how many at-small positions were there originally? END
START  what areas do at-small council members represent? END
START  what population figure needs to be passed to add at small council members? END
START how many at-large council members were added in the 2001 elections? END
START how many separate universities does houston have? END
START how many students does the university of houston have? END
START where in houston is the university of houston campus located? END
START what university is located in houston'd third ward? END
START what kind of college is texas southern university? END
START how many separate universities does texas have? END
START  how many students does the university of texas have? END
START  where in texas is the university of houston campus located? END
START  what university is located in houston'd fourth ward? END
START  what kind of college is texas northern university? END
START what is houston's major newspaper? END
START who owns the houston chronicle? END
START when did chronicle rival newspaper, the houston post, cease operations? END
START whose family owned the houston post? END
START what is the other newspaper that serves houston? END
START  what is texas's major newspaper? END
START  who owns the texas chronicle? END
START when did chronicle rival newspaper, the houston post, begin operations? END
START  whose family owned the texas post? END
START  what is the other newspaper that serves texas? END
START what is the type of freeway system that serves houston? END
START what encircles the downtown area of houston? END
START what is the diameter of the downtown area? END
START what part of the freeway system is beltway 8? END
START what is the diameter of the center of beltway 8? END
START  what is the type of freeway system that serves texas? END
START  what encircles the downtown area of texas? END
START what is the diameter of the uptown area? END
START  what part of the freeway system is beltway 1? END
START how does houston's george bush intercontinental airport rank for number of passengers? END
START how many destinations does george bush intercontinental airport serve? END
START when did the u.s. department of transportation name iah as fastest growing of u.s. airports? END
START where is the houston air route traffic control center located? END
START what is houston's primary airport? END
START how does texas's george bush intercontinental airport rank for number of passengers? END
START  how many destinations does bill clinton intercontinental airport serve? END
START when did the u.s. department of transportation name iah as fastest growing of uk airports? END
START  where is the texas air route traffic control center located? END
START where was copper mostly mined at in the roman era? END
START what term does the name copper originate from? END
START what componds are common in copper? END
START what is one color common in copper salts? END
START what is the name of the color pigment on building structures that are made using copper. END
START where was copper glowing at in the roman era? END
START what compounds are radioactive in copper? END
START what is the name of the color pigment on water that is made using copper? END
START what term means that copper is an imaginary substance? END
START what color is most rare in copper salts? END
START when was copper first known to have been used? END
START in what area is the first recorded use of copper? END
START when was copper thought to have been discovered in china? END
START copper smelting resulted in the development of what other metal smelting? END
START when did natural bronze start to be used by the general public? END
START when was copper last known to have been used? END
START what area is the only recorded use of copper? END
START when was copper thought to have been discovered in japan? END
START when did natural bronze stop being used by the general public? END
START what type of material can't be produced? END
START what material were the gates of the temple of jerusalem made from? END
START how is corinthian bronze made? END
START where do archeologists believe that alchemy was first practiced?  END
START what metal was used to make surgical equipment in ancient india? END
START what is the name of the battery that was developed using copper in 248 bc? END
START what material were the gates of the temple of jermaine made from? END
START how is corinthian bronze destroyed? END
START where do archaeologists believe that alchemy was last practiced? END
START what metal was used to make surgical equipment in ancient atlantis? END
START what is the name of the battery that was developed using copper in 168 bc? END
START what metal is used most often in electrical wiring? END
START what is the most important market for copper today? END
START how much of mined copper is used for cables and electrical wiring? END
START what metal are most overhead electrical wires made out of? END
START what is one property of copper that makes it so useful in electrical wiring? END
START what metal is used least often in electrical wiring? END
START what is the most corrupt market for copper today? END
START how much of mined copper is used for science experiments? END
START what liquid are most overhead electrical wires made out of? END
START what is one property of copper that makes it so unhelpful in electrical wiring? END
START what word means that bacteria won't grow on a substrate? END
START because of copper's biostatic properties where is a common use for copper? END
START what has pure copper been replaced with in the building of ships? END
START in the aquaculture industry what is copper alloys commonly used to make? END
START name a property that makes copper a good material to use in marine environments? END
START what word means that bacteria constantly grows on a substrate? END
START where is copper commonly used due to not having a biostatic property? END
START what has fake copper been replaced with in the building of ships? END
START what is copper alloys rarely used to make in the agriculture industry? END
START what group of the periodic table is copper in? END
START name a property that copper, silver and gold have in common. END
START what makes copper bondings weaker than other metals? END
START how is copper normally supplied? END
START what is a weaker form of copper than fine-grained polycrystalline? END
START what group of the periodic table is copper no longer in? END
START what is the only property that copper, silver and gold have in common? END
START what makes copper bondings stronger than other metals? END
START what is copper normally missing? END
START what is a better form of copper than fine-grained polycrystalline? END
START what is the concentration of copper in the earths crust. END
START how large was the biggest find of copper? END
START what year was the largest find of copper discovered? END
START where was the largest mass of copper found? END
START how big is the largest copper crystal that has been found? END
START what is the concentration of copper in the earths atmosphere? END
START how large was the smallest find of copper? END
START what year was the smallest find of copper discovered? END
START where was the smallest mass of copper found? END
START how big is the largest alien crystal that has been found? END
START what was copper called in greece? END
START in what area was copper first mined? END
START what is the greek goddess that symbolizes copper? END
START what is the roman goddess that symbolizes copper? END
START what property does copper have that links it to aphrodite and venus? END
START what was copper forbidden to be called in greece? END
START what area was the only copper mine? END
START what is the egyptian goddess that symbolizes copper? END
START what is the german goddess that symbolizes copper? END
START what property does silver have that links it to aphrodite and venus? END
START what are compounds that have a carbon-copper bond called? END
START what does organocopper compounds reactions toward oxygen form? END
START what is produced when copper compounds are treated with organolithium reagents? END
START coupling products can be made by substituting gilman reagent with what? END
START which form of copper is shock sensitive? END
START what are compounds that have a black-copper bond called? END
START what does organocopper compounds reactions toward water form? END
START what is destroyed when copper compounds are treated with organolithium reagents? END
START which form of copper is time sensitive? END
START who used copper to produce art? END
START what is the photographic technology that uses copper called? END
START what famous ny city landmark is made from copper? END
START what famous explorers ships was one of the first to have it's hulls made of copper? END
START when did the norddeutsche affinerie electroplating plant first begin production? END
START who used copper to produce garbage? END
START what is the magical technology that uses copper called? END
START what famous arizona city landmark is made from copper? END
START what unknown explorers ships was one of the first to have it's hulls made of copper? END
START when did the norddeutsche affinerie nuclear plant first begin production? END
START what property of copper increases the efficiency of electrical motors? END
START what percentage of electrical consumption does motor systems use globally? END
START what percentage of electrical consumption does motor systems use in industry? END
START what does the acronym nema stand for? END
START by using copper motor rotor technology it is allowing industry to exceed what standards? END
START what property of copper ruins the efficiency of electrical motors? END
START what percentage of water consumption does motor systems use globally? END
START what percentage of electrical consumption does motor systems use in secrecy? END
START what does the acronym nema stand against? END
START name a compond that can mobilize sold copper? END
START what fungi can grow in copper metalliferous soils? END
START what fungus protects pine trees from copper toxicity?  END
START what fungus grows from gold mining solution? END
START what fungus helps to soften heavy metal sulfides? END
START what is the only compound that can mobilize solid copper? END
START what fungi can speak in copper metalliferous soils? END
START what fungus makes pine trees vulnerable to copper toxicity? END
START what fungus grows from diamond mining solution? END
START what fungus helps to toxify heavy metal sulfides? END
START what is an intrinsic property of copper-alloy touch surfaces? END
START 355 copper alloys have been proven to kill what percentage of bacteria? END
START what does the acronym epa stand for? END
START how many copper alloys has the epa approved as antimicrobial materials? END
START what disease do hospitals hope to prevent by installing copper doornobs? END
START what is an intrinsic property of gold-alloy touch surfaces? END
START what does the acronym epa oppose? END
START how many copper alloys has the epa banned as antimicrobial materials? END
START what disease do hospitals hope to prevent by installing golden doorknobs? END
START what has no ability to kill bacteria? END
START what are copper compounds in liquid form used for? END
START what does copper wires along with zinc on roofs help to prevent? END
START what function does copper serve when used in textile fibers? END
START how is copper used with nickel? END
START what is used to treat structures for dry rot? END
START what are copper compounds in dragon form used for? END
START what does copper wires along with mud on roofs help to prevent? END
START what function does copper eliminate when used in textile fibers? END
START how is copper used with vodka? END
START what is used to implode structures for dry rot? END
START how long has copper been in use? END
START what percentage of copper has been extracted since 1900? END
START how much of mined cooper has been extracted in the last 24 years? END
START how much copper is estimated to exsist on earth? END
START what is a major source of cooper in modern times? END
START how long has copper been forbidden? END
START what percentage of copper has been stolen since 1900? END
START how much of mined cooper has been extracted in the last 24 hours? END
START how much copper is estimated to be missing on earth? END
START  what is a minor source of cooper in modern times? END
START what did romans use as money in the 6th through 3rd centuriesbc? END
START who had his own coins produced out of brass? END
START during the 6th through 3rd centuries bc how much copper was mined in rome? END
START cctavianus augustus caesar had his coins made out of what alloys? END
START what became more important than the copper value for roman coins? END
START what did aliens use as money in the 6th through 3rd centuries bc? END
START who had his own trees produced out of brass? END
START how much copper was stolen in rome during the 6th through 3rd centuries bc? END
START what became less important than the copper value for roman coins? END
START what percentage of copper is used in electrical wires? END
START what percentage of copper is used in roofing and plumbing? END
START what percentage of copper is used in industrial machinery? END
START what property does combining copper with brass or bronze create? END
START what is a metal that copper is combined with to create a greater hardness? END
START what percentage of copper is used in paper wires? END
START what percentage of copper is forbidden in roofing and plumbing? END
START what percentage of copper is destroyed by industrial machinery? END
START what property does combining copper with brass or bronze eliminate? END
START what is a plant that copper is combined with to create a smoother texture? END
START what is the explanation for copper's capacity for electrical conductivity? END
START what metal has a higher thermal conductivity than copper? END
START what is the maximum premissible current density in open air of copper? END
START what occurs when copper is placed touching another metal? END
START what happens to copper if an electrical current gets too high? END
START what is the explanation for copper's capacity for nuclear conductivity? END
START what metal has an equal thermal conductivity to copper? END
START what is the only permissible current density in open air of copper? END
START what occurs when copper is placed apart from another metal? END
START in what form is copper extracted? END
START from what types of mines is copper extracted? END
START what percentage of copper do the deposits have that are extracted? END
START what country was the top producer of copper in 2005? END
START what is the name of the process being considered in arizona that allows copper to be recovered? END
START what form is copper hidden? END
START what types of mines is copper invisible? END
START what percentage of mercury do the deposits have that are extracted? END
START what village was the top producer of copper in 2005? END
START what is the name of the process being considered in australia that allows copper to be recovered? END
START what percent of copper is recyclable? END
START what percentage of copper that has been mined is still being used today? END
START what other metal besides copper is 100% recyclable? END
START name a metal that is recycled more often than copper? END
START what is the amount of copper in use, per capita, globally? END
START what percent of copper is indestructible? END
START what percentage of copper that has been mined is still in the air today? END
START what other wood besides copper is 100% recyclable? END
START what metal is never recycled? END
START what is the amount of copper stolen, per capita, globally? END
START what pigment color is natural to copper? END
START what property does the final patina on cooper have? END
START what mixture of compounds is the final patina? END
START what conditions effect the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper? END
START what can be done to copper to give it a certain look? END
START what pigment color is fake copper? END
START what property does the final patina on copper avoid? END
START what separation of compounds is the final patina? END
START what conditions have no influence on the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper? END
START what can be done to sugar to give it a certain look? END
START what are copper salts sometimes used for? END
START when ingested in large amounts what does copper salts produce in humans? END
START what is the minimum amount of copper rabbits should have in their diet? END
START what is a major benefit to rabbits having a higher concentration of copper in their diet? END
START what amount of copper salt is toxic in animals? END
START what are copper peppers sometimes used for? END
START when ingested in small amounts what does copper salts produce in humans? END
START what is the minimum amount of copper dragons should have in their diet? END
START what is a major benefit to dragons having a higher concentration of copper in their diet? END
START what amount of copper salt is toxic in robots? END
START when did britain first use brass? END
START who were the first copper miners in north america? END
START where was native copper extracted with primitive tools between 800 and 1600? END
START what country had a strong copper production in 1000 ad END
START when did commercial production of copper begin? END
START when did britain ban use of brass? END
START who were the only copper miners in north america? END
START where was native copper hidden with primitive tools between 800 and 1600? END
START what country stopped a strong copper production in 1000 ad? END
START when did commercial production of copper end? END
START how many isotopes are there of copper? END
START what are the two stable isotopes of cooper? END
START which isotope makes up about 69% of natural copper? END
START what is the half life of the copper isotope 68mcu? END
START what is the half life of the copper isotope 67cu? END
START how many isotopes are missing in copper? END
START what are the two dangerous isotopes of copper? END
START which isotope makes up about 74% of natural copper? END
START what is the half life of the supernatural isotope 68mcu? END
START what is the orbital period of the copper isotope 67cu? END
START what is the alloy of copper and nickel called? END
START what is the alloy of copper and nickel used for? END
START what is the metal composition of a us nickel? END
START what extraordinary property does the alloy made up of 90% copper and 10% nickel possess? END
START what color is created when the alloys of copper and aluminium are combined? END
START what is the liquid of copper and nickel called? END
START what is the liquid of copper and nickel never used for? END
START what is the wood composition of a us nickel? END
START what mundane property does the alloy made up of 90% copper and 10% nickel possess? END
START what color is created when the alloys of copper and aluminium are apart? END
START what is the name of the componds that has more than one alcohol functional group? END
START what are copper salts used to test? END
START how is the presence of sugar shown by using benedict's reagent and fehling's solution? END
START what color does the copper salts turn to using benedict's reagent and fehling's solution if sugar is present? END
START what does schweizer's reagent dissolve? END
START what is the name of the compounds that have no alcohol functional group? END
START what are copper salts used to burn? END
START how is the presence of sugar hidden by using benedict's reagent and fehling's solution? END
START what color does the copper salts turn to using benedict's reagent and fehling's solution if dust is present? END
START what does schweizer's reagent grow? END
START what started about 4000 years after copper smelting was discovered? END
START what are the first datings of bronze artifacts from the vinca culture? END
START when did the bronze age began in southeastern europe? END
START what was the transition between the neolithic period and the bronze age called? END
START what is an alloy of copper and zinc? END
START what started about 3000 years after copper smelting was discovered? END
START what are the first datings of platinum artifacts from the vinca culture? END
START when did the silver age begin in southeastern europe? END
START what was the transition between the neolithic period and the silver age called? END
START what is an alloy of copper and brass? END
START what is the level of copper in the human body? END
START how is copper absorbed in humans? END
START what is copper bound with when it is sent to the liver? END
START what protein carries the majority of copper in blood? END
START how can the body get rid of excess copper? END
START what is the level of copper in gold? END
START how is copper reflected in humans? END
START what is copper bound with when it is sent to the brain? END
START what hero carries the majority of copper in blood? END
START how can the sand get rid of excess copper? END
START what is the average concentration of copper in ores? END
START what are most commercial ores? END
START what does heating copper ore materials with silica remove? END
START what happens to the silicate slag  during the flash smelting process? END
START what do the sulfides convert to after the copper matte is roasted? END
START what is the average concentration of copper in holes? END
START what are most fake ores? END
START what does freezing copper ore materials with silica remove? END
START what happens to the silicate slag during the flash freezing process? END
START what do the sulfides convert to after the copper matte is frozen? END
START how many metals have a natural color that isn't gray? END
START what color is pure copper? END
START what does copper aquire when exposed to air? END
START the energy difference between filled 3d and half-empty 4s atomic shells corresponds to what color of light? END
START what color is the metal caesium? END
START how many grains of sand have a natural color that isn't gray? END
START what color is fake copper? END
START what does copper glow when exposed to air? END
START what color is the planet caesium? END
START what has copper been used for since ancient times? END
START in recent times what is one interior use copper been expanded to include? END
START what is an important benefit to using copper as an architectural material? END
START how long has copper been used in building construction? END
START what is the benefit to using copper for things such as counter tops and hand rails? END
START what has copper been avoided as since ancient times? END
START what is one interior use copper has been forbidden to include? END
START what is an important danger to using copper as an architectural material? END
START how long has copper been banned in building construction? END
START what is the danger to using copper for things such as counter tops and hand rails? END
START self-image, self-esteem, and individuality relate to what? END
START what aspect or type of identity does weinreich single out? END
START what psychological concept does weinreich state as between the past and future? END
START a person's identity is defined as the totality of what? END
START what does the physical identity relate to? END
START what is defined as part of the totality of one's self construal that expresses discord between once construal of past ancestry? END
START what relates to once image of others? END
START what is defined as how one aspires to construe oneself in the past and how one construes oneself in the future? END
START the central task for psychologists, sociologists, and anthropologists is to describe what topics? END
START isa stands for what? END
START who developed the isa? END
START his central task is to describe social identity? END
START what provides a method that maps how cultural norms are used by the group? END
START what results in the individual evaluating their community? END
START what don't shift according to circumstances? END
START identity diffusion, foreclosure, and crisis are categories of what? END
START those with high levels of identity diffusion are classified as what? END
START those with low levels of identity diffusion are classified as what? END
START an adolescent going through a family break up turning into an adult in a stable marriage is given as an example of change in what? END
START what level of identity diffusion is interpreted as the norm? END
START the optimal level of what is considered abnormal? END
START what does a person who is foreclosed have high levels of? END
START an adolescent in a stable family turning into an adult stable marriage is given as an example of a change in what END
START what does identity vary have besides in continuity? END
START what group has shifted the focus of research in identity? END
START what does a researcher have to identify to carry out empirical research? END
START what researcher advocated for focus on the boundaries of ethnic groups rather than the cultural aspects of ethnic groups? END
START if identity is a virtual site, what do boundaries supply to the virtual site? END
START boundaries are frequently used by researchers to help define what? END
START who has contributed to the debate by making the research more focused? END
START what conce what research advocated for focusing on cultural aspects of ethnic groups rather than on boundaries of ethnic groups? pt is useless for demonstrating how identity works? END
START what are boundaries not used to define? END
START what did barth shift the focus of? END
START cohan and bray advocated what is the critical focus for investigation? END
START what are gender identity, ethnic identity, and occupational identity aspects of? END
START how one construes oneself now and in the future differs considerably because of what 2 things? END
START the young child, the adolescent, the young adult and the older adult are phases of what? END
START the salient experiential markers one uses to define one's past self differ based on the age that one was at what? END
START what are the parts of one's family identity? END
START what is directed at the totality of one's identity during all phases and all times? END
START what makes how one construes oneself now and in the future similar? END
START the phases of what our gender identity, ethnic identity and occupational identity? END
START what is distinct from the self? END
START what can the literature of self-psychology offer insight into? END
START what have theorists shown interest in relating to the self-concept? END
START the i and the me are two areas of interest in what? END
START what is synonymous with identity question END
START what offers little insight into how identity is maintained? END
START what are the vantage point of group psychology? END
START who has shown this self-concept and self-esteem are the same? END
START self-psychology is compelled to investigate how personal self relates to what? END
START what two factors are focused on when explaining an individual's actions within a group? END
START what are individual cognition and collective behavior are levels of? END
START what is compelled to investigate how social self relates to the social environment? END
START what two factors are focused on explaining an individual's actions towards a group? END
START what are collective cognition and individual behavior levels of? END
START what focuses on explaining the group's actions?  END
START what term have anthropologists employed to refer to the eriksonian idea of selfhood? END
START modern concerns with ethnicity and social movements in the 1970's led what group to be more interested in identity? END
START until recently, what approach was used to refer to qualities of sameness in relation to a person's connection to others? END
START what are the two types of group boundaries? END
START a marker that imposes restriction on the behavior of others is what kind of boundary? END
START a marker that people are ready and willing to associate with is what kind of boundary? END
START what boundary is given as an example that can be inclusive or exclusive? END
START what are two types of individual boundaries? END
START what does an inclusive boundary impose restrictions on? END
START what are people not ready and willing to do within inclusive boundary? END
START what foundry is neither inclusive or exclusive? END
START what identity status paradigm emerged due to the work of james marcia? END
START the neo-eriksonian identity status paradigm focuses on what twin concepts? END
START in the neo-eriksonian identity status paradigm, exploration and commitments determine what in large part? END
START what identity status emerged very early on? END
START the neo-eriksonian identity status is based on what opposing concepts? END
START what is determined largely by the exploration and commitments that one makes regarding certain groups? END
START exploration and commitment of what determine a person's social identity? END
START what do many people gain from their identity groups? END
START people favoring those in their group over outsiders, is an example of what? END
START belonging and discrimination are both important to researchers working in what tradition? END
START distinction between in and out groups has been shown to affect people's evaluations of others in work related to what? END
START too many people gain from their social groups? END
START what issue regarding discrimination have researchers explained? END
START it is the term for favoring outsiders? END
START what are researchers working on who focus on discrimination and community alienation? END
START cognitive distinctions between out groups can lead to what? END
START what approach takes the sense of self and belonging as a fixed thing? END
START the view that identity is based on a political choice of characteristics is rooted in what theory? END
START primordialist and social constructionist views need to be understood in what contexts? END
START what approach takes the sense of self and as a changing thing? END
START what theory says that political choice is based on identity characteristics? END
START what influences primordalist and social constructionist views END
START primordalist and social constructionist views need to be viewed outside of what? END
START what have primordalist and social constructionist views stopped exerting influence on? END
START various research traditions are using what lens to examine phenomena? END
START what stigma do correctional officers have to deal with? END
START the implications of identity and identity construction are discussed in what settings? END
START what are people in stigmatized jobs forced to create? END
START what are the two examples give for justifications and values for occupational choices? END
START where is the implication of identity and identity construction least obvious? END
START what becomes increasingly challenging in prestigious jobs? END
START what are people in high-powered forced to do? jobs END
START what is a desirable alternative to crafting an occupational identity one can live with END
START the formation of identity occurs through identifications with whom? END
START what is it called when someone aspires to the characteristics of significant others? END
START what is it called when someone wants to dissociate from the characteristics of significant others? END
START dissociating from the characteristics of significant others is a process of what? END
START what does the formation of one's family identity occurs through? END
START disassociating from others what is benign? END
START aspiring to others what is malign? END
START when does formation family occur identity? END
START what may a person display in terms of both exploration and commitments? END
START what is the permutation when a person lacks exploration and commitment? END
START what is the permutation when a person has not chosen goals in the past but is willing to in the future? END
START what is the permutation when a person is ready to make commitments but unable to commit? END
START what is the permutation when a person commits to identity choices? END
START what is both relatively weak or relatively strong? END
START what is the permutation when a person embraces exploration and commitment? END
START what is a permutation when a person is not ready to make a commitment? END
START what is a permutation when a person cannot make an identity choice wants to commit to them? END
START what is it impossible to do with identity? END
START many scholars confuse identity as a category of practice and what other category? END
START what do many scholars demonstrate a tendency towards? END
START some scholars try to introduce new concepts to capture the fluid qualities of what? END
START the idea that identity is made of components that are identified by individuals is what idea?  END
START what is it possible to do with identity? END
START what discussion has an abiding sameness END
START how does cooper suggest treating identity? END
START what do some scholars say is made up of different components that are identified in interpreted by groups? END
START the direction of what is achieved by group choice regarding who and what to associate with? END
START what is identified as determining how a person views him or herself to a significant degree? END
START what are racial, religious, ethnic, and occupational aspects aspects of? END
START identity refers to the capacity for self-reflection and awareness in what scientific study? END
START what type of identity is less important in psychology? END
START what what does not dictate to a significant degree how one views oneself? END
START what other aspects of identity are more important than gender? END
START what refers to capacity for self reflection and awareness of others? END
START who was one of the earliest psychologists to take an explicit interest in identity? END
START what distinction is sometimes referred to as the self? END
START the personal idiosyncrasies that separate individuals are called what? END
START what are the 3 names for the collection of a person's social roles? END
START in what tradition is erikson's work to track identity formation throughout a lifetime? END
START whose definition of identity closely follows erikson's? END
START one person's perception of another's perception is an example of what concept? END
START the person, aspects of self, and personal characteristics displayed to others are components of what? END
START whose definition of identity closely follows liang's END
START what concept is one person's perception of their own perception and example? END
START what term includes characteristics displayed towards others? END
START what components of the experience itself did erickson emphasize? END
START what is help others view you an important part of? END
START who formulated the classifications of strategic manipulator, pastiche personality and the relational self? END
START in what classification is a person who regards all experiences are role play and becomes alienated from his or her social self? END
START in what classification is a person who gives up the chance for a true self and adopts social perceptions of him or herself? END
START in what classification is a person who gives up their exclusive sense of self and defines him or herself only in terms of social engagement? END
START the strategic manipulator, pastiche personality, and relational self are linked to the rise of what culture? END
START who formulated all new classifications? END
START what classifications did kenneth gregen eliminate? END
START what type of person sees all of life is a role-playing exercise? END
START what type of person embraces all aspirations towards a true or essential identity? END
START what perspective embraces individual self and abandoned social engagements? END
START what concept helps map and define people's experiences of self in society? END
START what is a volatile, flexible, and abstract thing? END
START language, dress, behavior, and choice of space are affected by recognition by what group? END
START what do markers help create? END
START markers can be used to exert what on other people? END
START what concept helps people define boundaries of people's experiences? END
START what things make identity less evident? END
START whose recognition is identity depended on END
START what do boundaries help create? END
START what can cause misinterpretations of the significance of specific markers? END
START what is the third fastest growing economy in india? END
START what is himachal pradesh ranked in the highest per capita of indian states? END
START what enables himachal to sell hydroelectricity to other states? END
START what three things is the economy of the state dependent on? END
START what other indian states does it sell hydroelectricity to? END
START what is the third fastest growing economy in delhi? END
START what is rajasthan ranked in the highest per capita of indian states? END
START what dies punjab sell to other states? END
START what are three things that delhi's economy is dependent on? END
START what is the economy like in rajasthan? END
START when did the chief commissioners province of hp come into being? END
START when was the state of himchal pradesh act passed? END
START when did himachal emerge as the 18th state of the indian union? END
START when did himachal pradesh become a union territory? END
START why did the  chief commissioners province of hp come into being? END
START on what date did western himalaya become a union territory? END
START when was the chief commissioner's act passed? END
START when was the state of nalagarh tehsil formed? END
START what is the rank of simla in the state of india's union? END
START why did lohara come into being in 15 april 1948? END
START when did congress secure an absolute majority? END
START how many seats did congress win? END
START who was sworn in as himachal pradesh's chief minister for a record sixth term? END
START who administered the oath of office and secrecy? END
START where was the oath of office and secrecy taken? END
START what did the bjp secure in november 2012? END
START what was shimla sworn in as for a 6th term? END
START at what location did congress secure an absolute majorty in the election? END
START what did virbhadra singh administer at an open ceremony? END
START how many seats did himachal pradesh win to gain an absolute majority? END
START himachal is extremely rich in? END
START who is the first state in india to have every family have a bank account? END
START how much hydroelectric power can be generated? END
START what has rapidly spread due to economic increase? END
START what is current gdp estimated at? END
START what are luxury hotels extremely rich in? END
START what has international entrepreneurship rapidly allowed every family to achieve? END
START what is the increase of franchisees of recognised brands estimated to be in billions? END
START by what percentage has business increased in the state? END
START what percentage of franchisees of recognised brands have been opened recently? END
START what is the state well known for? END
START the majority of all households in himachal own a what? END
START what is considered pure and used as a ritual cloth? END
START what is kullu famous for? END
START what are kangra and dharamshala famous for? END
START what is pashmina well known for? END
START what product is in demand in kangra as well as all over the country? END
START what did ritual cloth in himchali cause? END
START what does every household in dharamshala own? END
START what is desar considered as when used as ritual cloth? END
START what tribes inhibited the area that now constitutes himachal pradesh? END
START what time periods did the indus valley civilization flourish? END
START who conquered kangara? END
START when did mahmud ghanznavi conquer kangara? END
START who marched through the lower states and captured and forts and fought many battles? END
START during what period did dagis exist, and then become conquered by the gupta empire? END
START what tribes lived in the area that is now janapada? END
START during what time period did king harshavardhana rule? END
START who conqurered the indus valley in 1750 bce? END
START who did the dhali sultanate pay tribute to? END
START what does himachal have a rich heritage of? END
START what handcrafts do they include? END
START has the demand increased or decreased for handcrafts? END
START what declined under competition? END
START has the demand increased inside or outside the country? END
START what does kangra have a rich heritage of? END
START what are three examples of handicrafts from gompa? END
START why did the production of woolen and pashmina shawls decline? END
START what has happened to the sale of grass shoes in kangra? END
START has the demand for horese-hair bangles increased or decreased? END
START who heads the himachal pradesh? END
START who maintains law and order? END
START who assists the superintendent of police? END
START who is in charge of the indian administrative service? END
START who maintains town municipalities of the district? END
START what is the indian administrative service comprised of? END
START what group does a panchayat officer belong to? END
START what is each geographical unit divided into and governed by a district? END
START when did the era of planning start in himachal pradesh? END
START how much was allocated? END
START what kind of plan was it? END
START where does himachal pradesh rank in per capita? END
START what was more than 50% used on? END
START when did the era of road construction start in india? END
START how much was allocated for developing far away areas? END
START how much of the expense was for the planning process? END
START where does india rank regarding per capita income? END
START what would happen without a proper five-year plan? END
START where did the state place on population chart? END
START who was 22nd of chart? END
START who was top ranked in population strength? END
START who was last in population strength? END
START where on the population chart is the shimla district census wise, after being followed by tripura? END
START what place was sirmaur district, that followed the state? END
START was place is lahaul spiti on the population chart, even though it came first? END
START what percentage of the population does kullu district have, being top ranked? END
START if hamirpur district is top ranked, what is its population? END
START what other religions form a small percentage? END
START who are mainly buddhists? END
START what is the muslim population in himachal pradesh? END
START where do sikhs mostly live? END
START how much of the population do sikh's make up? END
START what percentage of the una district is buddhist? END
START what is the sikh population of himachal pradesh? END
START where are most sikh refugees from? END
START where do muslims mainly live in? END
START what percentage of muslims are in shimla, the state capital? END
START when did the gurkhas come into power? END
START where did the gurkhas come into power? END
START who lead the gorkas to siege kangra? END
START in 1806 who did gorkas defeat with the help of provincial chiefs? END
START who rendered help to the british government during the revolt? END
START in what year did kangra come to power in nepal? END
START what were the chamba doing with territory in nepal? END
START who led the dhami when they laid siege to kangra? END
START who was in control of lahore darbar in 1809? END
START when was the first bilaspur war for independence against the british? END
START what occurs in the climatic conditions of himachal? END
START what is the climate like? END
START what three seasons does himachal experience? END
START how long does summer last? END
START how long does winter last? END
START why is there variation in the climate conditions of lahaul? END
START what three seasons are in spiti? END
START how long does summer last in dharamsala? END
START how does the climate vary in the trans-himalayan region? END
START how are most parts of lahaul except in spiti? END
START what does the himachal legislature consist of? END
START who presides over meetings? END
START who is the judiciary system made up of? END
START who is the head of state appointed by the president of india? END
START how long are the terms of office? END
START how many members are there in the council of ministers? END
START for how many years does a judiciary member serve? END
START who is the head of state appointed by the lower courts? END
START who is appointed as the chief minister by the president of india? END
START who are appointed by the mla with advice from the president of india? END
START what is railway himachal famous for? END
START what are the 2 narrow gauge railways in the railway himachal? END
START what are the other railways being proposed in the state? END
START what is being conducted to extend the railway? END
START what is the total length of the railways? END
START what is bilaspur-manali-leh railway famous for? END
START what are the two tunnels in railway himachal? END
START what other railways are being proposed by unesco? END
START what is the total length of the una district railway? END
START what is being done to extend the railway line to delhi? END
START who is famous for natural beauty? END
START what years was the anglo-gorkha war? END
START what does hima mean in sanskirt? END
START what is the literal meaning of himachal pradesh? END
START who was one of the great sanskirt scholars of himachal pradesh? END
START what was pradesh declared in 1950? END
START what is  one thing britain is famous for? END
START what came into power after the war between himachal and sanskrit? END
START when did the himalayas become part of the punjab province of british india? END
START who was responsible for naming the punjab province of british india? END
START who has an active community of journalists and publishers? END
START what are the newspapers famous for? END
START what is available in shimla and district headquarters? END
START what are the newspapers that are in hindi and read widely? END
START what has grown significantly? END
START what has an active community that reads the ujala daily newspaper? END
START what are divya's accomplishments? END
START what is available in faisla and aapka? END
START what has grown in a remote part of the country? END
START what are the names of newspapers read widely in english? END
START who was elected as chief minister of the state of india? END
START how many seats did the bjp win? END
START who is bjp's chief minister of himachal pradesh? END
START when was he sworn in? END
START when did the bjp secure a landslide victory? END
START in 2003, what did the bharatiya party win? END
START what was prem kumar dhumal elected as in 2003? END
START when were the indian national congress elections held? END
START when did the indian national congress win by a landslide? END
START when was virbhadra singh sworn in as chief minister of himachal pradesh? END
START what type of agriculture is in the state? END
START where is seed potato mostly grown? END
START who is the largest vegetable producing district in the state? END
START what is the district of sirmaur famous for? END
START what is the state deficient in? END
START what is shimla deficient in? END
START in what areas is ginger mostly grown? END
START what is the largest fig producing district in the state? END
START what is the kullu district also famous for producing? END
START what is solan making a special effort to produce? END
START who was largely untouched by external customs? END
START what has made the state change very rapidly? END
START himachal is? END
START what are the common languages spoken? END
START who makes up the tribal populations? END
START why was dogri untouched by external customs? END
START what has caused rapid changes in gojri? END
START what aspects does mandeali have like other indian states? END
START what are some languages spoken in gaddis? END
START what groups comprise the tribal populations in dogri? END
START when was the state run nehru government engineering college started? END
START what are a few pioneer universities in the state? END
START what is the most renowned argricultural institues? END
START what is dr. yashwant singh parmar university earned? END
START what is the indian institute of technology mandi known for in the world? END
START what recognition has iec university earned? END
START why has iec university earned distinction? END
START when did iec university start in sundernagar? END
START what is one of the most renowned it institutes? END
START what is doordarshan? END
START what is provided by bsnl and others throughout the state? END
START what is available in few cities? END
START who are the cellular phone operators available? END
START what is all india radio? END
START what is the name of the state-owned radio station? END
START what language does bsnl provide programs in? END
START what are some of the available dial-up providers? END
START what is available in a few cities like nepal? END
START what do reliance infocomm and tata indicom provide only to certain cities and towns? END
START where do 90% of the population live in himachal pradesh? END
START no single house is without? END
START what are the villages well connected to? END
START what is himachal pradesh rank according to the 2005 transparency international survey? END
START what are the most visited places in the country? END
START how is lokmitra kendra ranked after the government regarding corruption? END
START what are the most visited places in shimla? END
START what has the government done to meet maximum urban population standards? END
START what products does shimla forbid the use of? END
START what is no health center without in himachal pradesh? END
START what is nonverbal communication? END
START what is one example of nonverbal communication? END
START what is an example of a voluntary intent of a message related to nonverbal communication? END
START what is an example of an involuntary intent of a message related to nonverbal communication? END
START what percentage of human communication occurs through nonverbal facial expressions? END
START what is an example of paralanguage? END
START dopamine levels can show what type of communication? END
START improper communication establishes what? END
START what percentage of human communication occurs through foot tapping? END
START what is verbal communication? END
START why do fungi communicate? END
START how do fungi communicate with insects? END
START how many primary signalling molecules are known to organize different behavioral patterns? END
START what enables an organism to differentiate between self and other? END
START what is an example of "noise" that is filtered out through the interpretation processes? END
START there are four primary signalling molecules that are known to organize what? END
START what can't differentiate between molecules taking part in biotic messages or irrelevant messages? END
START how many secondary signalling molecules are known to coordinate? END
START what substance always triggers the fungal organism to react the same way every time? END
START what 'noise' can't be filtered out? END
START what is one dimension that communication is typically described along? END
START who said that we should examine the impact a message has on the recipient of the message? END
START what acts are included in communication between parties? END
START the forms of the acts included in communication depends on what? END
START what is one target of communication? END
START what is described as having many major dimensions? END
START the destination or target is thought to be the medium of what? END
START who didn't think a message would have any impact on the receiver? END
START together, communication content, intent and form make messages that are sent where? END
START transferring knowledge and experiences are the only types of what? END
START what is human communication defined as? END
START when does language learning primarily occur most intensively? END
START how many human languages are there? END
START what do human languages use to communicate with others? END
START what is an example of a language that is not restricted to properties of human language? END
START when does language learning not occur most intensively? END
START the combination and patterns of letters and gestures are the basis for thousands of what? END
START an example of a language that is restricted to properties of human language is what? END
START listening skills are not a factor of important interpersonal skills in what type of communication? END
START grammars are not used in manipulating the symbols of what?  END
START what is some factors in family communication that could affect communication between family members? END
START what are some time periods that family communication study looks at? END
START what does trusted communication in a family lead to? END
START family roles were found to have no affect on communication between whom? END
START the death of a family member was looked at in what? END
START family members developed theories to understand what?  END
START it is important for researchers to understand communication as a trusted way which leads to a what? END
START family rules was not a topic that was covered in what? END
START how is animal communication defined? END
START what is the study of animal communication called? END
START what is the study of human communication called? END
START what are some fields of knowledge concerning the animal world that have been revolutionizes in the 21st century? END
START what field of communication has been investigated more thoroughly? END
START anthroposemiotics is the study of animal what? END
START zoo semiotics is the study of human what? END
START a special field of animal communication that has not been investigated is what? END
START what is defined as any one behavior of all animals that affects the current or future behavior of another animal? END
START human and animal communication is a rapidly growing field of study in what century. END
START who introduced the first major model for communication in 1949? END
START what did the first model for communication consist of? END
START what was the sender in the initial model? END
START what was the channel in the initial model? END
START what was the receiver in the initial model? END
START in 1945 the first communication model was introduced for what company? END
START what had two primary parts of a sender and a receiver? END
START the channel was where one could hear what? END
START shannon and bell recognized that what interfered with listening to a telephone conversation? END
START warren shannon and claude weaver worked for whom? END
START a simple model is also referred to as what? END
START what kind of message is sent in a simple model? END
START in what form is the information or content sent in a simple model? END
START how is information sent through a simple model? END
START what are the strengths of the simple model? END
START what are the weaknesses of this model? END
START claude weaver did what based on those elements? END
START a complex model is a message sent from an emisor/ sender/ encoder to a what? END
START what type of message is sent in a complex model? END
START who invented this model? END
START how are the sender and receiver connected in a slightly more complex form of communication model? END
START what is the model of communication in which the sender and receiver are connected reciprocally called? END
START what is communication viewed as? END
START what is something that may alter the intended meaning of a message? END
START what is something that may cause the reception and decoding of the content of a message to be faulty? END
START code books are represented in what? END
START the first attitude of communication is referred to as what? END
START occasionally instances of communication are called what? END
START a sender or receiver's what never varies regardless of culture or gender? END
START a person's age may change a sender or receiver's what? END
START what is a form of communication observed within plants? END
START what part of a plant communicates with rhizome bacteria, fungi, and insects within the soil? END
START how are the plant roots able to communicate with rhizome bacteria, fungi, and insects within the soil? END
START what is the meaning of the word neuron in greek? END
START how do plants communicate to warn nearby plants of danger? END
START the plants leaves communicates with what in the soil? END
START this centralized system makes plant interactions possible? END
START the hebrew word for 'neuron' is what? END
START during herbivory attack behavior what doesn't allow plants to communicate? END
START what can't plants overwrite when they are stressed? END
START what describes communication as creative and dynamic rather than discrete? END
START who theorized that the types of media people use to communicate will offer different possibilities for the shape of society? END
START what ancient civilization did harold innis use as an example of his theory? END
START what did harold innis call papyrus? END
START what did space binding make possible for the ancient egyptian civilizations? END
START wark and mckenzie had a theory that people use different types of what to communicate? END
START ancient rome was the famous example of the theory of whom? END
START using the media to water, people can change and shape communication where? END
START describing communication as a creative but not a dynamic continuous process is the definition of what? END
START using the same media for communication will offer possibilities for what? END
START why do communications professionals typically specialize in only one or two areas of communication? END
START what is one of the most important qualifications for a communications professional to have? END
START what kind of companies may engage in only a few types of communications? END
START good people skills is a qualification that is important to what profession? END
START it is not necessary to have critical and strategical thinking abilities to do what job? END
START all companies or organizations employ a full spectrum of what? END
START one of the least important qualifications to be a communications professional is what? END
START who is always able to master a broad range of skills? END
START besides excellent writing abilities and good 'people' skills, all company employees should  have what other skill? END
START what color are white grapes? END
START what gene makes grapes purple? END
START what shape do grapes usually resemble? END
START what type of food are grapes? END
START how many grapes are generally in a cluster? END
START how long ago were grapes first cultivated? END
START what microorganisms are naturally found on a grapes skin? END
START where is the oldest know winery located? END
START what city is syrah red wine believed to have been named after? END
START how do we know that wine was made in ancient egypt? END
START what do people in france eat more of that in most western countries? END
START what kind of the wine is regularly consumed by the french? END
START what is the phenomenon that shows that the french have less heart disease, even though they eat more animal fat? END
START what is a potential health benefit from drinking alcohol? END
START what juice is made when grapes are crushed and blended? END
START what kind of grapes are made into vinegar? END
START what is the most common grape used to make juice in north america? END
START what are sultana grapes known as in california? END
START what types of grapes are commonly used to make white grape juice? END
START what type of wine is fermented with grape skin? END
START what type of wine is fermented after the grapes skin has been removed? END
START what substance is absorbed by wine when grapes are fermented with their skins? END
START what type of wine is believed to have more health benefits? END
START what are grapes that are eaten raw classified as? END
START what are grapes that are used to make wine classified as? END
START what specie are table grapes and wine grapes? END
START what classification of grapes are typically large and seedless? END
START what percentage of a wine grape is sugar when it is harvested? END
START when are grapes first mentioned in the bible? END
START who was the greek and roman god of agriculture? END
START whose blood do grapes usually represent in christian art? END
START which book of the bible talks about the use of wine during jewish feasts? END
START who in the bible first grew grapes on their farm? END
START how many seedless grape sources are there for commercial cultivators?  END
START how many varieties of seedless grapes are there?  END
START what species of grape are grown by thompson seedless?  END
START what type of climate are benjamin gunnels's prime seedless grapes specifically cultivated for?  END
START what species of grape are grown by black monukka? END
START what are the most abundant polyphenolics in purple grapes? END
START what is the main phenolic in white grapes? END
START what is the laboratory index of antioxidant strength in grapes known as?  END
START what content of a grapes skin can be affected by soil composition, climate, and cultivation practices?  END
START why causes antioxidant strength to be higher in purple grapes? END
START what church uses wine to celebrate the eucharist? END
START when was jesus christ known to have used wine in celebration?  END
START where in the code of canon law does it say that wine must be natural and not corrupt? END
START what may a priest use in place of wine for consecration for health reasons? END
START what is the catholic dogma known as that believes that consecrated bread and wine from the last supper literally became the body and blood of jesus christ? END
START what must an operator deviate from to harm the computer? END
START what is computer security also known as? END
START what is the protection of information systems? END
START what are the ways an operator can malpractice? END
START what is the practice that includes controlling physical access to hardware? END
START what is the necessity of having an it? END
START what can be caused by neglecting a computer security system? END
START what does the it security protect? END
START how can a computer be attacked? END
START how does it security work? END
START what is the theft or damage to hardware or software? END
START protecting a device from harm requires deviating from what procedures? END
START what does computer security misdirect? END
START what types of harm can come through network access? END
START why would it security partake in malpractice? END
START what are attacks designed to make a machine or network unavailable to its intended users? END
START what does deliberately entering the wrong password enough consecutive times cause? END
START what are attacks where innocent systems are fooled into sending traffic to the victom called? END
START what does ddos stand for? END
START how can a network attack from a single ip address be blocked? END
START what happens if an attacker enters the wrong password into an account enough times? END
START what is the point of making network resources unavailable to users? END
START why is it difficult to defend against ddos? END
START other than being locked out what other methods are used in ddos? END
START what causes multiple attacks? END
START what allows a machine to be accessed by its user? END
START what is done to a password to lock out all users at once? END
START how is a ddos from multiple locations defended? END
START what is an ip address? END
START what are zombie computers on a botnet? END
START what were researchers in 2011 able to use as a successful attack vector? END
START in cars with built-in voice recognition features, what can the onboard microphones be used for? END
START wifi, bluetooth, and cell phone networks are examples of what? END
START assuming access has been gained to the car's internal controller area network, what is it possible to do? END
START what network is used to contact concierge and emergency assitance services as well as getting navigational and entetainment information? END
START what makes cars a risk for computerized attacks? END
START how were researchers able to eavesdrop in a car? END
START why are cars with more technology at a higher risk for attack? END
START what increases the likelihood of a car being attacked? END
START what entry points are viable for malware and attackers? END
START what does an external controller area network control? END
START when were self-driving cars built? END
START what networks prevent malware in connected cars? END
START what did researchers use to prevent attacks in 2011? END
START what can voice recognition not be used for? END
START how many organisations are estimated to maintain computer systems with effective detection systems? END
START what is the basic evidence gathered by that puts criminals behind bars? END
START the primary obstacle to the eradication of cyber crime is the excessive reliance on what? END
START what is the source of the quote? END
START electronic theft of data is causing more loss than what?  END
START what do companies rely on too much in order to keep their information safe? END
START what do even fewer companies have set in place for their defense? END
START what do companies have to worry about least? END
START what is needed to catch these data stealing criminals? END
START what is a common form of theft in companies? END
START most organizations have what kind of detection system? END
START what is the name of the company that has lost more through electronic theft? END
START what do most companies no longer rely on? END
START physical stealing of assets is a bigger problem than what? END
START what do criminals use to avoid being captured? END
START technology that is used to implement secure operating systems is one use of what term? END
START what does eal stand for? END
START what is the standard of eal4? END
START what is the standard for eal6? END
START what is an example of a system that meets eal6? END
START which system is used by the airbus a380 and military jets? END
START how common are the formal verification for the highest levels? END
START in the 1980s the department of defense used which standards? END
START what does common criteria refer to? END
START which level do many common operating systems meet? END
START when was the common criteria defined? END
START who created the common criteria? END
START what is the name of a system that meets the eal4 standard? END
START what makes it difficult for systems to use the eal4 standard? END
START what is an example of a system that uses the orange book standards? END
START when was chine's network security and information technology leadership team established? END
START what is the reason for studying the promotion of national network security ad information technology law? END
START what country has a network security and information technology leadership team?? END
START why was china's network security team established?  END
START what long term developments do they hope to achieve?  END
START why is network security under study?  END
START who is the leadership team?  END
START who is promoting the leadership team and its developments?  END
START who is researching microeconomic policy? END
START which fields unrelated to network security does china's leadership team research? END
START who is tasked with the short term development of network security? END
START when were china's enhanced national security capabilities established? END
START what is the act of surreptitiously listening to a private conversation? END
START conversations that people eavesdrop on are typically between who? END
START who has used programs such as carnivore and narusinsight to eavesdrop on the systems of internet service providers? END
START eavesdropping on a closed system via the faint electro-magnetic trasmissions generated by the hardware has been referred to as what by the nsa? END
START what are machines that operate with no contact to the outside world called? END
START how can closed systems be eavesdropped upon? END
START who is guilty of eavesdropping on private conversations? END
START who does the fbi and nsa use carnivore and naruslnight to eavesdrop on? END
START who uses the programs carnivore and naruslnsight? END
START what is eavesdropping? END
START what programs do isps use to eavesdrop on the fbi? END
START what is a conversation between hosts on a network called? END
START what is special about hosts on a network? END
START what transmissions does narusinsight listen to? END
START what program does the fbi use to eavesdrop on closed systems? END
START what are desktop computers and laptops commonly infected with? END
START constructing a botnet to attack another target is an example of the activity of what? END
START activity trackers are an example of what? END
START what could wifi, bluetooth, and cellphone network on devices be used as? END
START what could be remotely activated after a sucessful breach? END
START what do malware programs intend to collect from laptops and computers? END
START what is the secondary interest of an attacker using malware? END
START why do gadgets that have gps or collect data about your habits put you at risk for an attack? END
START what could be collected from your devices by an attacker? END
START what are cameras, microphones, gps receivers, compasses and accelerometers considered? END
START what is the name of the malware that affects activity trackers? END
START what is another name for malware? END
START how are quantified self devices breached? END
START what sensitive information do wifi networks carry? END
START what type of information is rarely collected from a laptop? END
START what does acl stand for? END
START acls and capability based security are two security models capable of what? END
START a host computer tricked into indirectly allowing access to restricted files is known as what? END
START the confused deputy problem and the problem of not guaranteeing only one person has access are resolved by what? END
START what must designers of systems that are acl based do? END
START what has using acls to confine programs proven? END
START how can a computer with acl be tricked? END
START which two models in computer systems enforce privilege separation? END
START can an acls limit access to one person? END
START what is the total number of security models in a computer system? END
START when is an acl most secure? END
START what prevents acls from giving access to only one person? END
START what do acls promise? END
START who is not responsible for the flaws in an acl system? END
START in what year did over a hundred intrusions made into the rome laboraroty? END
START how were hackers able to obtain unrestricted access to rome's networking systems? END
START how were hackers able to penetrate connected networks? END
START what is the rome laboratory? END
START who does the goddard space flight center belong to? END
START what did the hackers obtain? END
START why were the hackers untraceable? END
START posing as a trusted rome center user what did hackers use? END
START intrusion hackers were thought to be who? END
START how were hackers able to go undetected?  END
START who were the crackers identified as? END
START when was the rome laboratory created? END
START what were the intruders unable to access? END
START what did the 1994 breach of the national aeronautics and space administration's goddard space flight center also give the crackers access to? END
START what type of intrusion did the crackers use to gain access to rome laboratory? END
START when did the impact team successfully breach ashley madison? END
START what is the name of the parent company that created ashley madison? END
START when did the avid life media ceo resign? END
START what was in the first data dump? END
START what website, in addition to ashley madison, was avid media instructed to take offline? END
START why was the website to be removed?  END
START how did the site remain functional after the data breach?  END
START what was the response from people using the service?  END
START was the goal of the impact team carried out?  END
START were other sites compromised in addition to ashley madison?  END
START who was the ceo of ashley madison? END
START when was ashley madison taken down? END
START when was established man taken offline? END
START how large was the data dump of the ceo's emails? END
START why was the customer data dumped first? END
START according to goverment officials, what has the failure of the private sector to solve efficiently the cybersecurity problem created? END
START where was the rsa security conference held? END
START who believes that government intervention would affect innovation? END
START who said "industry only responds when you threaten regulation"? END
START what is a virtual space free of any government intervention? END
START what is the polemical problem presented?  END
START what is considered vital of the internet?  END
START who currently runs cyberspace?  END
START is the cyberspace industry under attack or threatened by regulation?  END
START who believes they are better at improving cyberspace?  END
START what do most people agree on in regards to internet security? END
START why did r. clarke want to avoid government intervention? END
START where is government intervention most common? END
START why is threatening an industry unhelpful according to clarke? END
START where is clarke from? END
START when did public safety canada unveil canada's cyber security strategy? END
START what outlines the ongoing implementation of the cyber security strategy? END
START what outlines the responsibilities and provides a plan for coordination during a cyber incident? END
START canadian cyberspace was boosted by who?  END
START multiple departments were involved in what?  END
START what type of plan is provided?  END
START why was a cyber security plan unveiled in october of 2010?  END
START who is the security measure meant to help the most?  END
START when was public safety canada founded? END
START how many departments does the new strategy involve? END
START who created the action plan? END
START what was the predecessor to canada's cyber security strategy? END
START when was the speech from the throne? END
START what is a potential attack vector for utilities such as the power grid? END
START what demonstrated equipment controlled by computers not connected to the internet can also be vulnerable? END
START when did the computer emergency readiness team investigate 79 hacking incidents at energy companies? END
START what department does the computer emergency readiness team belong to? END
START how did the stuxnet worm infect industrial equipment? END
START what division was part of the department of homeland security? END
START can computers not attached to the internet be attack by a virus? END
START what industrial equipment effected after receiving malicious commands? END
START what type of damage was dealt to the industrial equipment? END
START what controls the functions of our utilities such as telecommunications, power grid, nuclear power plants, etc? END
START what controls computer functions? END
START who created the stuxnet worm? END
START when was the stuxnet worm created? END
START what was infected in the 79 hacking incidents at energy companies? END
START how many people were on the computer emergency readiness team? END
START firewalls and exit procedures are considered what? END
START what is defined as a way of filtering network data between a host or network and another network? END
START what does a physical firewall consist of? END
START what type of machines normall have a firewall? END
START what compromises mainly preventative measures? END
START computer security is mostly comprised of what? END
START how are firewalls implemented? END
START which system has a built in firewall? END
START what is another form of having a firewall connected? END
START which part of a linux computer is the firewall built into? END
START what types of measures do computer security firms rarely use today? END
START what type of machine rarely uses firewalls? END
START what is an exit procedure? END
START how are exit procedures implemented? END
START what type of os does not use the operating system kernel? END
START what has caused serious financial damage? END
START data made public who is available to estimate the cost of an incident? END
START what is the amount of losses estimated from worms and viruses in 2003? END
START who produces estimates of worldwide losses attributable to security breaches? END
START what is the underlying methodology of finding worldwide estimates for losses fur to security breaches? END
START what was the loss estimated for covert attacks in 2003? END
START what forms of attack were responsible for the loss? END
START what information is used to estimate the cost of the incident? END
START how wide-scale were the losses? END
START why is difficult to estimate loss in this situation? END
START how much did firms save in 2003 from preventing attacks? END
START when was the standard model for estimating the cost of a breach established? END
START what data is not made public when an organization is breached? END
START what was the minimum estimate of losses due to security breaches in the us in 2003? END
START why are loss estimates rarely challenged? END
START microchips vulnerabilities are introduced when? END
START what offers an alternative to soft-ware only computer security? END
START what can hardware be a source of? END
START what is required in order for hardware to be compromised? END
START what step can increase computer security? END
START what is used in physical access of a computer? END
START what causes hardware to be insecure? END
START how can a cell phone increase computer security? END
START what physical device is used as a passkey for your computer? END
START when are microchip vulnerabilities removed? END
START dongles less secure because of what? END
START what is an example of software-only computer security? END
START what is required to compromise a software-only computer? END
START what type of vulnerability is hardware-based computer security impervious to? END
START what does ccirc stand for? END
START who is resposible for mitigating and responding to threats to canada's critical infrastructure? END
START where does the ccirc post regular cyber security bulletins? END
START what functions as a counterpart document to the national strategy and action plan for critical infrastructure? END
START what sort of responses are ccirc responsible for?  END
START what would ccirc do in an event of a breach?  END
START what does the ccirc operate?  END
START ccirc is part of what that is much larger?  END
START online tools are meant for what by ccirc? END
START what organization is attacking canada's infrastructure? END
START who runs public safety canada? END
START what document contradicts the cyber security strategy? END
START who controls canada's infrastructure? END
START what do individuals use to create a cyber incident? END
START who said "connectedness begets vulnerability?" END
START what organization does jay cross belong to? END
START what is the advantage of more critical infrastructure being controlled via computer programs? END
START what is the disadvantage of more critical infrastructure being controlled via computer programs? END
START what has led to cyberwarfare?  END
START what is cyberterrorism?  END
START in what way does "connectedness begets vulnerability?"  END
START what types of test will be run?  END
START will cyberterrorism evolve with new technology?  END
START who coined the word "cyberwarfare"? END
START what computer program controls critical infrastructure? END
START which infrastructures are the least vulnerable to attack? END
START what is cyberterrorism? END
START who disagreed with the saying "connectedness begets vulnerability"? END
START when did public safety canada partner with stop.think. connect? END
START when was the cyber security cooperation program launched by the government of canada? END
START who routinely updates the getcybersafe portal for canadian citizens? END
START what month is cyber security awareness month? END
START how much does the cyber security cooperation program cost? END
START stop.think.connect is what kind of organization?  END
START what type of grants were given out by the canadian government?  END
START what does the cyber security cooperation monitor?  END
START why is there a cyber security month?  END
START how are people protected online?  END
START when was stop.think.connect created? END
START how expensive is the getcybersafe portal? END
START when was the cyber security cooperation program shut down? END
START when was the getcybersafe portal created? END
START when is the international cyber security awareness month? END
START installing keyloggers and making operating system modifications are examples of ways unauthorized users for what? END
START booting a tool or another operating system from a cd rom can bypass what? END
START disk encryption and trusted platform module are designed to prevent what? END
START an unauthorized user with physical access to a computer can likely do what? END
START what increases the safety of a computer? END
START what can cause standard security measures to become obsolete? END
START what is the number one cause of data theft? END
START what can an attacker install to your computer in order to collect personal data? END
START what can infect other computers from your own? END
START what can an authorized user with access to a computer do? END
START how are computers made secure? END
START what does cd-rom stand for? END
START what is the name of a program designed to attack a computer? END
START how does a user bypass a compromised security? END
START ui redress attack or user interface redress attack is also known as what? END
START what is a malicious technique in which an attacker tricks the user into clicking on a button or link? END
START where are the clicks meant for the top level page routed? END
START where would a password typed on a seemingly authetic webpage be directed? END
START how istricking the user accomplished in clickjacking? END
START what is intended to be hijacked through a page overlay? END
START what else can be hijacked through ui redress? END
START what part of a webpage is meant to collect keystrokes? END
START why can the user not see the other page used by the attacker? END
START where is are the passwords and information stored by the attacker? END
START what is avoiding a ui redress attack called? END
START how are clicks routed back to the top level page? END
START how is an legitimate webpage created? END
START what is another name for hijacking keystrokes? END
START where is a user redirected to after putting in their password? END
START how many computers were connected to the internet in 1988? END
START when was the first computer worm released? END
START who was the first computer worm traced back to? END
START what is a malicious code that demands processor time and spreads itself to other computers? END
START why did morris jr make the computer worm? END
START what types of computers were connected to the internet in 1988? END
START on nov 2, 1988 what caused many computers to slow down? END
START when was the first computer worm? END
START who created the first computer worm? END
START how old was the cornell university grad student who created the worm? END
START how many computers began to slow down on nov. 2, 1988? END
START who tracked down the first computer worm? END
START when was the computer worm caught? END
START where was the computer worm created? END
START which internet connected computers slowed down? END
START who are rescator? END
START what was stolen from target corporation computers in 2013? END
START how many credit card numbers were stole from home depot in 2014? END
START what machines were involved in the physical security breaches that played a large role in the incident? END
START who is jim walter? END
START what was done when credit cards were stolen?  END
START what was the main breach?  END
START who could have easily stopped the hacking? END
START unsophisticated malware was used on what?  END
START why was the malware uninteresting?  END
START who was the leader of rescator? END
START what was stolen from mcafee? END
START when was the investigation concluded? END
START why weren't the companies warned about the threat? END
START when was rescator formed? END
START what does ncaz stand for? END
START what does ncaz take care of? END
START when was ncaz opened? END
START whan was ncaz founded? END
START what is the purpose of ncaz? END
START why does berlin start a national cyber defense initiative?  END
START why does ncaz work closely with bsi?  END
START who takes care of national security? END
START what incidents are it to prevent?  END
START what was the stuxnet incident?  END
START where is the german minister for home affairs located? END
START when did the incident in stuxnet happen? END
START where is the bsi located? END
START who opened the bdn? END
START what is the primary task of the minister for home affairs? END
START what is the approach to judiasm that subscribes to a tradition of mass revelation? END
START what is the name of the book that has the laws and ethics for orthodox judaism? END
START what texts were legislated by the tanarim and amoraim? END
START what besides modern orthodox judaism does orthodox judaism consist of? END
START orthodox judaism is a self-identification that distinguishes it from what? END
START what is orthodox christianity a religion that subscribes to? END
START what does orthodox christianity adhere to? END
START who is the bible legislated by? END
START where will you not find modern judaism? END
START what is a religion with a single philosophy? END
START what is the global jewish news service known as? END
START what is new jersey's largest daily paper? END
START what term do media entities refrain from using? END
START who is the spiritual leader of temple israel community center? END
START where is the temple israel community center located? END
START what did the new england press association claim? END
START how large is the global jewish news service? END
START the religion newswriters association was the first news source to drop what name? END
START what is a new york paper still using the term ultra-orthodox? END
START who was the executive editor of the star-ledger? END
START what is the name  of the movement that comporises a fairly broad spectrum of distinct but related philosophies?  END
START what integrity is orthodox judaism trying to preserve? END
START who does modern orthodoxy assign a central role to? END
START what kind of work does orthodox judiasm seek to transform the world with? END
START what is modern cutlture in conflict with? END
START what comprises a fairly narrow spectrum of movements? END
START what are distinct and non-related in modern orthodoxy? END
START what does classical orthodoxy hold to be true? END
START what can orthodox judaism be harmed by it's interaction with? END
START who do modern orthodoxy assign a non-central role to? END
START how do orthodox women dress mosly? END
START what part of their body do married women cover with a scarf? END
START what is the skullcap that orthodox men wear known as? END
START what are the fringes orthodox men wear called? END
START what type of orthox men often grow beards and always wear black? END
START what do orthodox jews keep in common with the society's they live in? END
START who tend to wear clothing that exposes a lot of skin? END
START what do most jewish women refuse to wear to cover their head? END
START what do orthodox men refuse to wear on their heads? END
START what do orthodox men avoid wearing when they are indoors? END
START what is the written law of the torah known as? END
START who dictated the oral law to moses? END
START what are the detailed explanations of how to apply and interpret the laws of the written torah called? END
START what is the law that is considered the core of religious laws orthodox jews know today? END
START what is the origin of jewish law? END
START which single part of the law do orthodox jews hold to be dictated by god? END
START what parts of the oral law are different than the original dictation? END
START what was not given a clear explanations on how to apply it? END
START who added fences to historical law that are not a part of modern day? END
START what is considered divine and in no need of interpretation?  END
START where was rabbi azriel hildesheimer from? END
START what was the name of the rabbi of altona? END
START what was the name of the manifesto that rabbi jacob ettlinger produced? END
START how many rabbi's signed on with the manifesto jacob ettlinger published? END
START where was rabbi samson raphael hirsch from? END
START what did roman jews support? END
START what group supported a new temple in hamburg? END
START where did a group of orthodox jews convene?  END
START what was considered the first reformed jewish periodical? END
START who fought against the strength and awareness of the orthodox jewry? END
START when is a newborn boy's hair first cut? END
START what is done with the newborn boy's hair once it is cut? END
START what are grains and legumes known as? END
START what is the name of the prohibition against eating grains and legumes during passover? END
START what text rejects the ashkenazi prohibition against kitniyot? END
START what do historians note are continuations of past practices? END
START what do historians claim are practices of prior generations? END
START who's tradition is it to cut a boy's hair on his second birthday? END
START what is the arabic word for haircut? END
START who allows the eating of kitniyot? END
START what type of judaism advocated segregation from non-jewish culture? END
START what should individuals participate as little as possible in? END
START attending secular institution of higher education is viewed as necessary but inferior in what society? END
START what do a significant portion of boys remain in until marriage? END
START what is a torah study institute for married men called? END
START what does haredi judaism refuse to advocate? END
START in what interpretation are haredi and modern orthodoxy the same? END
START what is not a legitimate means of livelihood in haredi society? END
START where is it necessary for a haredi jew to attend college? END
START who is not allowed to proceed to higher torah studies? END
START where was the written law and the oral law transmitted? END
START who spoke the words of the torah to moses? END
START what were the laws contained in the written torah known as? END
START where is moses miraculously transported to? END
START what law is held to be transmitted with an extremely high degree of accuracy? END
START who holds that the oral law was not transmitted on mt. sinai? END
START what was given very few explanations on how to use it? END
START which law is set so that no new rules are created from it? END
START where was noah transported according to a story in the talmud? END
START what law is not considered to have a high degree of accuracy? END
START what maintains a historical understanding of jewish identity? END
START what does orthodoxy reject as a means of establishing jewish identiy? END
START what does orthodoxy strongly condemn? END
START what is intermarriage typically seen as? END
START what happens to most intermarried people in the orthodox community? END
START who maintains the modern understanding of jewish identity? END
START what is a person who is born to a jewish father considered? END
START what descent by the father does orthodoxy accept? END
START what form of marriage is an acceptance of judaism? END
START what does the orthodox community avoid doing to intermarried couples? END
START what do haredi judaism and modern orthodox judaism disagree about the application of? END
START what law is halakha to the orthodox jew? END
START basic respect for human beings is known as what? END
START the sanctiy of human life is known as what? END
START what does halakha guide? END
START which groups maintain significant agreement within orthodox judaism about halakha? END
START why must the halakha never be re-examined? END
START what are historical orthodox more willing to assume about changing realities? END
START what is a guide to the modern day jew? END
START what principles are never in opposition with each other? END
START what is jewish law today based on? END
START what does the halakha represent to orthodox judiasm? END
START where were the rules about the torah revealed to moses by god? END
START how many rules are jewish law derived from? END
START what law is considered to be no less the word of god? END
START what is the commandments in the torah based on according to modern day judaism? END
START which literature debated the accuracy of the commandments in the torah? END
START what does modern judaism hold about the halakha? END
START what was given to noah on mt. sinai? END
START which kind of law is consider less because there is no written account? END
START what overlaps significantly with hasidic judiasm? END
START what overlaps significantly with haredi judiasm? END
START who founded what is known as the baal shem tov? END
START what sought to combine rigourous scholarship with more emotional mitzvah observance? END
START what is the spoken word known as in hasidic judiasm? END
START what two forms of judaism have very little overlaps of beliefs?  END
START which form of judaism came before haredi judaism? END
START what tried to separate scholarship with emotional mitzvah?  END
START what is the spoken word of chasidic judiasm? END
START who was concerned that there was too much joy in the performance of the commandments? END
START what is the fertility rate among non-orthodox jewish families?? END
START what is the fertility rate among orthodox jewish families? END
START what is the rate of intermarriage among orthodox jews? END
START what is the intermarriage rate among non-orthodox jews? END
START how many raised on orthodox jewish homes abandon orthodox judaism typically? END
START what is happening to orthodox jewish communities because of intermarriage? END
START what is the fertility rate of american jewish communities? END
START who are non-orthodox jews allowed to marry in order to increase fertility rates? END
START what is decreasing among orthodox jews, according to the ny times? END
START what does the ny times claim that the rate of growth for non-orthodox jews will eventually mean? END
START orthodox jews subsciribing to modern orthodoxy tend to be what political alignment typically? END
START half of orthodox judiasm tends to lean to what political ideaology? END
START what political party is mostly supported by orthodox jews? END
START haredi and hasidic jewry have a stronger connection to what country? END
START haredi and hasidic jewry have an attachment to what movement? END
START which group that subscribes to modern orthodoxy are seen to be far more left-wing than non-orthodox jews? END
START which group of jews are neither conservative or liberal? END
START which group of jews show no supporter of either political party? END
START which country have the haredi and the hasidic jewry disowned?  END
START which movement have the haredi and hasidic jewry severed ties with? END
START what does the us national council for young isreal represent? END
START what is involvement with non-orthodox jews known as? END
START what is a core beliefe that was recognized as important by orthodox jews? END
START what is it important for both men and women orthodox jews to be able to do? END
START what council is considered to be anti-zionist? END
START what are affiliates of the state of israel typically not? END
START who avoids any practices with non-orthodox jews? END
START what is not considered to be a core belief of zionists? END
START who do the jews consider to be more worthy of a higher education? END
START what is the name of the movement of liberalism? END
START what sometimes prefers a more lenient position on dietray laws? END
START previous generations typically praciced a more lenient position in regard to what? END
START what are dietary laws known as? END
START what has not been challenged by scholars? END
START what has a lot of resemblance today as it did in the middle ages?  END
START what happened as a reaction to the conservatism movement? END
START what is not a religious requirement regarding dietary laws? END
START what explicitly prefers a more stricter position regarding passover dietary laws? END
START when can the roots of orthodox judaism be traced to? END
START when did the german jewry seek to reform jewish belief? END
START what did orthodox jews seek to modernize? END
START what did the german jewry reject about the torah? END
START which century can the roots of orthodox judaism trace back to? END
START when did the roman jewry attempt to reform jewish beliefs? END
START what did the german jewry attempt in response to the middle ages? END
START who made the claim that the torah had divine authorship? END
START what part of the torah was considered non-binding? END
START what do orthodox jews express ambivalence towards? END
START what is the administration of the state of isreal seen as? END
START what does the state of isreal place emphasis on besides militarism? END
START what does the state of isreal place emphasis on in addition to nationalism? END
START what is the zionist administrartion of the state of israel seen as according to the judaic way of life? END
START who is not ambivalent toward zionism? END
START which groups of orthodox jews are outspokenly pro-zionistic?  END
START what ideology do many orthodox jews see as in support of the torah? END
START what do orthodox jews see as a benefit to the judaic way of life? END
START who is in charge of the zionist administration?  END
START tamudic schools are known as what? END
START what are the colleges married men study in called? END
START haredi and chassidic communities are threatened by assimilation and intermarriage so they do not do what with non-orthodox populaions? END
START haredi jews do not share what with other jewish sects? END
START what resulted in the rise of heterogeneous enclaves?  END
START who refused to practice assimilation and intermarriage in enclaves? END
START what practice proved unsuccessful to the adherents of orthodox judaism? END
START which communities have grown slowly? END
START who estimate that less jewish men are studying in talmudic schools? END
START what considers itself the only true heir to the jewish tradition? END
START what do orthodox jewish movements consider all other non-orthodox moments? END
START what do orthodox jewish groups characterize non-orthodox form of judiasm as? END
START orthodox jewish groups reject what precedent? END
START what does orthodox judaism consider itself along with several other groups in the jewish tradition? END
START who do the orthodox jews consider to be acceptable deviations of judaism? END
START what do the non-orthodox jews consider the orthodox jewish movement to be? END
START what is the acceptance of the witten and oral torah considered to be? END
START what do non-orthodox jews characterize orthodox jewish groups to be? END
START where do many american orthodox jews live? END
START borough park, midwood, williamsburg and crown heights have particularly large communities of what? END
START where is a sizeable and rapidly growing orthodox community currently located besides new york state? END
START where is the most rapidly growing community of american orthodox jews located? END
START which country contains only a few small jewish communities? END
START what area have many american orthodox jews left? END
START which ny borough have very small jewish communities?  END
START where is an increasingly shrinking community of american orthodox jews located? END
START what area besides new york are the orthodox communities in decline? END
START who did the modern orthodoxy arise from? END
START what do most jews consider modern orthodoxy today? END
START the neo-orthodox movement holds that who's views are not accurately followed by the mordern orthodoxy? END
START who believe that modern orthodoxy arose from eastern european jewry? END
START what is not considered traditional today by most jews? END
START who considers modern orthodoxy to have completely valid elements? END
START who holds that hirsch's views are accurate? END
START what is classical orthodoxy considered by the western european jewry? END
START what do orthodox jews turn to for guidance and practical application of jewish law? END
START there is a large degree of what amongst all orthodox jews? END
START what is the differences among regions in practices known as? END
START why are the codes and responsa different in regards to details? END
START who do the orthodox jews avoid for guidance in practical application of jewish law? END
START who created the code of jewish law in the 12th century? END
START what causes a large degree of differences regarding all orthodox jews? END
START what is responsible for the common philosophy's of all orthodox jews? END
START what was developed recently to standardize codes?  END
START who held the opinion that judiasm demands and application of torah thought to the entire realm of human experience? END
START what was hirsch's approach called? END
START what was the torah im dereche eretz aslo known as? END
START the torah im derech eretz insisted that jews should attempt to engage and influence what? END
START who held that judaism demands an application of the bible through human experience? END
START what discipline is not included in hirsch's opinion? END
START where did hirsch believe that jewish beliefs had no influence?  END
START what studies were not encouraged by hirsch? END
START what two societies did the jews refuse to engage with? END
START where does the word animal come from? END
START what does the latin word animalis mean? END
START the word animal is usually only used to refer to what? END
START the biological definition of the word animal refers to all member of what kingdom? END
START what are some of the creatures included in the kingdom of animalia? END
START what type of cells do all animals have? END
START what is the extracellular matrix surrounding eukaryotic cells made of? END
START what is formed when the collagen and elastic glycoproteins surrounding eukaryotic cells are calcified?  END
START how are cells held in place in plants and fungi? END
START what are the intercellular junctions unique to animal cells? END
START what is the biological interaction where a predator feeds on its prey called? END
START the act of predation typically results in what for the prey? END
START what is the consumption of dead organic matter called? END
START why do parasitic species lay their eggs on their prey? END
START the evolutionary arms race between prey and predator has resulted in what? END
START ctenophora and the cnidaria include what sea creatures? END
START the digestive chambers of the ctenophora and the cnidaria serve as what? END
START what are the 2 main germ systems in the ctenophora and the cnidaria called? END
START what are the ctenophora and the cnidaria animals sometimes called? END
START what differentiates placozoans from the ctenophora and the cnidaria? END
START what sets animals apart from bacteria  and most protists? END
START what are organisms called that digest food in an internal chamber? END
START what is another way in which animals are distinguished from plants and algae? END
START the blastula stage is a characteristic exclusive to what organism? END
START what is the hollow sphere that a zygote initially develops into called? END
START in sponges, how do blastula develop into a new sponge? END
START what are the 2 germ layers formed by most blastula? END
START what may be formed between the external ectoderm and an internal endoderm layers? END
START what do the external ectoderm and an internal endoderm layers develop into? END
START how long ago do some paleontologists believe that animals first appeared? END
START fossils found in the tonian period indicate the presence of what creatures? END
START triploblastic worms were comparable in size to what other creatures? END
START when was the beginning of the tonian period? END
START what produces tracks similar to the fossilized tracks discovered by paleontologists? END
START it is believed that animals evolved from what? END
START what are the closest known living relatives of animals? END
START what is the name of the supergroup that animals have been placed in by molecular studies? END
START the opisthokonts also include what other organisms? END
START where does the name opisthokonts come from? END
START what is the group of animals that often have a specialized head with feeding and sensory organs called? END
START how many openings in the digestive chamber do animals in the bilateria group have? END
START what are the openings in the digestive chambers for animals in the bilateria group called? END
START what is the internal body cavity of animals in the bilateria group called? END
START what are some examples of non-bilaterian animals? END
START what are animals whose body plans display bilateral symmetry called? END
START animals in what group are thought to form a monophyletic group? END
START what groups is named after the trait of growth by moulting or ecdysis? END
START what are some animals in the arthropoda group? END
START organisms in the arthropoda group have bodies that are divided into what? END
START what groups are relatives of the arthropods? END
START what is another name for roundworms? END
START why is it more economical for scientists to study a small number of species? END
START which organisms were among the first life-forms to be genetically sequenced? END
START why are  the fruit fly and the nematode the most intensively studied metazoan model organisms? END
START analysis of what genome has emphasised the importance of sponges, placozoans, and choanoflagellates  in explaining the arrival of 1500 ancestral genes unique to the eumetazoa? END
START what are two of the most successful animal phyla? END
START what are some of the animals in mollusca? END
START what are some of the animals in annelida? END
START why are the mollusca and annelida considered to be close relatives? END
START what are the phyla that have a ring of ciliated tentacles around the mouth called? END
START animal phyla that are recognized for their lack of bilateral symmetry are thought to have come from where? END
START which animal represents the oldest animal phyla? END
START how do sponges typically feed? END
START during what time were a series of phylogenomic studies conducted that found support for comb jellies as the basal lineage of animals? END
START what do deuterostomes and protostomes have in common? END
START in which group does the anus form first, with the mouth developing secondarily? END
START what is the process in which cells fill in the interior of the gastrula to form the mesoderm called? END
START what is the process in which the mesoderm is formed through invagination of the endoderm called? END
START what do deuterostome embryos undergo during cell division? END
START what is another name for flatworm? END
START what are some parasites included in the platyhelminthes group? END
START what does acoelomates mean? END
START what are the flatworms closest relative? END
START where are the rotifera most prominent? END
START how do most animals use the energy of sunlight? END
START what do plants use to convert inorganic molecules into carbohydrates, fats, proteins and other biomolecules? END
START what does photosynthesis convert the energy of sunlight into? END
START when an animal eats plants or another animal that has eaten plants, what happens to the reduced carbon compounds in the food? END
START what happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy? END
START what is the process of making beer called? END
START what is a building called that is used for making beer? END
START what is company that makes beer typically known as?  END
START what is beer classified as when it is made for non-commerical consumption?  END
START in what year was home brewing first allowed in the uk? END
START in 1973 what did australia allow? END
START the us was the last contry to allow homebrewing in which year? END
START a commercial building for brewing beer is called what? END
START brewing beer is subject to what in all countries? END
START what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1936? END
START what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1927? END
START what country relaxed brewing legislation in 1987? END
START what became a hobby in the us due to relaxed laws in 1987? END
START in breweries, what do you call a small vat that is filled with hops? END
START in what phase of brewing does hopped wort become beer?  END
START what substance settles and make beer clear after it ferments?  END
START how long does the fermentation process take in brewing beer?  END
START what substance is added to hopped wort once it cools after boiling?  END
START after what process is the hopped yeast cooled? END
START what is a backhop? END
START what is the hopped yeast usually cooled for? END
START what does fine particulate yeast produce? END
START what color is the beer after the wort settles? END
START what is the main source of starch and most beer? END
START at what point does barley have it's hull broken up into pieces? END
START what takes the place of barley malt in gluten-free beer? END
START when is sweet wort separated during the brewing process? END
START aside from barley, what is a another product founded beer that might contain gluten? END
START what does all beer include as the majority of malt? END
START what is done to the barley after it is milled? END
START what do the remaining grain pieces act as during lautering? END
START what is the beer containing wheat, barley, and rye called when made with sorghum as well? END
START what is a brewery called that makes a small amount of beer? END
START in general, how much beer can a microbrewery make and still be classified as a microbrewery? END
START what would you call a microbrewery that also has a restaurant or a pub? END
START what city is home to the oldest known brewery in the world that is still active? END
START what year was the benedictine weihenstephan brewery first licensed as a brewery? END
START how often can a microbrewery produce 396 thousand us gallons? END
START what exists in the franconia region of german? END
START how many breweries does the upper german region have? END
START what can trace its roots to the year 786? END
START what brewery was licensed in 1004? END
START what is the main source of the alcohol in beer? END
START what is the process during brewing in which sugar is metabolized into alcohol? END
START at what concentration can yeast no longer survive in alcohol? END
START what could decrease alcohol content during the brewing process? END
START why would more fermentable sugars be added to be beer during the brewing process? END
START where do the sugars in beer come from? END
START what are primary factors that determine the amount of sugars in the final beer? END
START what is yeast toxic to? END
START what decreases wort content? END
START what would you call a beer that has not been filtered or pasteurized? END
START what would you call a frame that holds the cask of beer horizontally when it arrives at the pub? END
START what temperature are cask ales stored at before being tapped? END
START how long does it take for sediment to settle and clear after a cask ale has been tapped? END
START what tool is used to pull beer from a cask to serve? END
START what are cask ales termed by the carma organisation?  END
START what cools at a temperature of 11-13 degrees f? END
START what cools at a temperature of 52-55 degrees c? END
START what takes beer several hours to do after being tapped and vented? END
START what type of alcohol is found in beer? END
START how is alcohol measured in the human body? END
START what type of alcohol is found in wine and distilled spirits? END
START what is it called when someone dies from inhaling vomit? END
START what could be caused by a 0.80% blood alcohol content in a human? END
START what does ethyl alcohol contain? END
START what does abc stand for? END
START what does a bac of 0.3% - 1.2% typically causes what? END
START what does an abc of 0.09% to 0.25% cause? END
START what does an abc of .35% to 0.80% cause? END
START what types of containers is beer generally sold in? END
START in addition to bottles and cans, how is beer often sold in bars? END
START in general, what is usually the alcohol content in most beer? END
START what festivals are a social tradition in many beer drinking countries? END
START what is a pub game that is popular in many beer drinking nations? END
START what is the alcohol content in all beer? END
START what is the highest percentage of alcohol in beer available? END
START what is the most popular pub game? END
START how many brewing companies are there? END
START what is the strength of beer in pubs? END
START where is beer in bottles and cans most commonly sold? END
START the strength of what varies between 0.4% and 50% END
START what activities are common with beer festivals? END
START what is the main ingredient in beer? END
START what type of water is good for making stout beer, like guinness? END
START what type of water is best for making pale lager? END
START what is the process called when gypsum is added to water? END
START what type of beer benefits most from water that contains gypsum? END
START what is composed of mostly beer? END
START what kind of beer is dublin's soft water well-suited to make? END
START what kind of beer is the plzen region's hard water well-suited to make? END
START what kind of beer is the urquell waters in england ideal for? END
START in what year did william iv adopt a purity law pertaining to beer? END
START what was the title of william iv in 1516? END
START what was the name of the purity law that regulated beer in 1516, and is still in use today? END
START aside from water and hops, what is the only other ingredient allowed in beer? END
START who was the duke of bavaria in 1516? END
START in 1517 william iv adopted which law pertaining to beer? END
START what law stated that only ingredients in beer were to be water, hops and corn? END
START the development of thermometers was the main factor that changed brewing by allowing what? END
START what was the name of the purity law that reulated beer in 1500? END
START what was adopted in 1615? END
START what did william vi adopt? END
START what is the oldest food-quality law in use in the 19th century? END
START what did the development of hyrdrothermometers change? END
START what is the main cause for the bitterness in beer? END
START what is the main goals for the sweetness of beer? END
START how is the bitterness in most beers generally measured? END
START the acidity of what ingredient acts as a preservative in beer? END
START what do you call the length of time that foam is on top of beer because of carbonation? END
START what does beer contain that brewers desire in hops? END
START what is measured by the bitterness international units scale? END
START what is retention head? END
START what type of effect do floral hops have? END
START what is the first step of brewing when malted barley is mixed with hot water? END
START how is hot water referred to by brewers? END
START how long does the mashing step in the brewing process last? END
START in brewing, what do starches become during the mashing process? END
START what is it called when used grain is separated in the brewing process? END
START the 2nd step where maltd barley is mixed with hot water is known as what? END
START how long does the mashing process where the sweet wort is drained off the grains last? END
START during the sparging process what do startches turn into? END
START the modern process of wort separation called lautering uses what as the filter medium? END
START what process takes 12 hours? END
START what does sparging convert starches into? END
START what does wort separation filters barley from? END
START what is the modern process for wort separation called? END
START what causes fermentation during the brewing process when making a beer? END
START which ingredient gives beer its flavor? END
START what vegetable is sometimes used as a grain source for beer in brazil? END
START what is a popular grain source for brewing beer in mexico? END
START in a recipe, what would you call the list of each source of starch in beer? END
START what are several widely used starch sources that are used and found in various countries? END
START what is the bill grain? END
START what are the basic ingredients of water? END
START what does starch turn into when fermented in addition to carbon? END
START in what year were hops first known to be used in beer? END
START what name was adalhard the elder also known as in 822 ad? END
START in which century were hops first widely cultivated for making beer? END
START in which century did hops become the most popular flavoring for beer? END
START what would you call a mixture of ingredients used for brewing before the 16th century? END
START what was first mentioned in 282 ad? END
START what did elder the adalhard write? END
START what else was elder the adalhard known as? END
START what does heather scottish ales use in place of hops? END
START what does lancelot cervoise have in place of hops? END
START in what year was the name porter first used for a dark beer? END
START in what year was the name stout first used to describe a dark beer? END
START what do you call a dark beer that is brewed with roasted malts or barley? END
START what type of yeast is used to make stout and porter beers? END
START in what country was porter beer popular in 1721? END
START what name was first used in 1712? END
START what name was used as early as 1767? END
START what are made with slow fermenting malts? END
START what is imperial porter a type of? END
START what percentage of beer was sold in cans in sweden in 2001? END
START what company first created the full aperture can for beer? END
START in what year did crown holdings create a can with a removable lid for beer? END
START what is it called when light damages beer that is not in a can? END
START what were cans originally believed to maintain in beer? END
START how much beer was sold in cans in sweden during the year 2010? END
START what technology was developed by crown holdings in 2001? END
START what does pet stand for? END
START what major sporting event was held in 2001? END
START how much alcohol is in schorschbock 57? END
START how much alcohol was in the end of history beer? END
START what company made the end of history beer in 2010? END
START what is a strong ale called when it is frozen partially, and then the ice is removed again and again? END
START how much alcohol was contained in the beer sink the bismarck? END
START what beer with a 57.5% abv was made in 2010? END
START what beer with a 55% abv was made in 2011? END
START when was the 31% hair of the dog's dave made? END
START what 60% abv combination was made in a dutch brewery in 2011? END
START what kind of containers are used for bottle conditioned beers? END
START what do bottle conditioned beers contain that most fears do not? END
START what ingredient is filtered out of most beers when it is packaged in bottles and cans? END
START what are the recommendations for pouring bottle conditioned beers? END
START what type of bottle conditioned beer is customarily poured with the yeast in it? END
START filtering clears all beers of what? END
START where is yeast left when serving a hefeweizen wheet beer? END
START what happens to 9% of the contents of a hefeweizen? END
START in addition to a lack of muscle tone, what is believed to be the main cause of the beer belly? END
START what condition was attributed to binge drinking in a 2004 study? END
START what is believed to be the glycemic index in beer? END
START what is the glycemic index in maltose? END
START what is caused by overeating and drinking beer? END
START what did a 2400 study find a link between? END
START some books quote a glycemic index of 114 for what? END
START what type of starch is used to make the beer oshikundu? END
START in what country is the beer oshikundu produced? END
START in what country is the beer tella produced?  END
START what is the name of the millet based porridge like beer made in kyrgystan? END
START what is a beer-like beverage in china that is made with rice? END
START what are various beers made from in ethiopia? END
START what is a popular beverage in the far eastern himalayas?  END
START where is the rice based oshikundu found? END
START when does evidence show the earliest known barley beer was produced? END
START in what country was the earliest chemical evidence of barley beer found? END
START what country are the zargos mountains located in? END
START what year were the elbow tablet first discovered? END
START what ingredient is used for amylotytic fermentation in sake? END
START when does evidence show the earliest known beer was produced? END
START what mountains are located in eastern iran? END
START what tablets were discovered in syria in 1970? END
START sake, made with rice and fruit, was produced in china around which year? END
START which kind of beer used mould in the process? END
START what dates to circa 3500-1300 bc? END
START what site was the earliest known chemical evidence of barley beer found on in the iran mountains?  END
START what did the hymn to gilgamesh serve as? END
START what may the epic of ninkasi have referred to? END
START what was discovered in 1947? END
START what is a kettle called that is used to boil sweet wort after sparging? END
START how long is sweet wort boiled for after sparging? END
START what does boiling sweet wort destroy? END
START what affect do hops have in brewing when they brew for a long time? END
START where is the sparge collected from wort put into? END
START when does water in the sugar evaporate? END
START during what process is the remaining sugar destroyed? END
START during what stage can starch sources be added at more than one point? END
START what increases the longer the starches are boiled? END
START what is generally used as starch in most beer? END
START how does grain become malted? END
START what kind of container is partially germinated grain dried in? END
START what happens to grain when it is soaked in water? END
START what does a grains starch become after an is malted? END
START what material does the flavour source in beer provide? END
START what is the most common enzyme source used in beer? END
START what is malted by soaking it in a kiln? END
START what do different roasting sugars produce? END
START how many liters of beer are bought and sold every year? END
START how much revenue did beer bring in in 2006? END
START what year was the brewing company sabmiller founded? END
START what company acquired the anheuser-busch brewing company in 2008? END
START what was the largest brewing company in the world in 2015? END
START what is sold in the amount of 53 billion gallons per year? END
START what year did global revenues of $147.7 occur? END
START what brewery did the north american miller brewing company buy in 2002? END
START what brewery followed sabmiller as the second largest in 2002? END
START which brewery followed heineken international as the second largest in 2015? END
START what does abv stand for? END
START what process can cause beer to have a 55% abv? END
START what is the typical alcohol content of a pale logger? END
START what type of low alcohol beer is sometimes served in school? END
START what percentage of alcohol by volume does beer achieve when it is re-pitched with champagne yeast? END
START what does avb stand for? END
START what ranges from 3% to 6%? END
START what drink ranges from 3% to 5% abv? END
START where are british ales served instead of soft drinks? END
START what process achieves a 14% abv? END
START what is the term used for the study of beer? END
START what is a professional called at a restaurant who advises customers about beer and food pairs? END
START what is a popular drinking game where beer is often considered? END
START what is the most popular alcoholic drink in most societies? END
START what is the most popular drink in society? END
START what new profession deals with food? END
START what is the study of beer and food called? END
START what is most popular alcoholic drink in the world? END
START what is believed to be the oldest alcoholic drinking the world? END
START what is the term used to describe the making beer? END
START what brewing process naturally carbonates beer? END
START what prayer did people use in mesopotamia to remember a beer recipe? END
START what is the oldest drink in the world? END
START what is all beer flavoured with? END
START what starch is always used in the fermentation process? END
START what is the prayer in the code of hammurabi? END
START who is the world's goddess of beer? END
START what two drinks follow beer as the most popular? END
START what involves the fermentation of hops? END
START what types of cereal grains is beer flavored with? END
START what did the code of ninkasi include? END
START what is the hymn to haammurabi? END
START what year were hops first believed to be added to beer? END
START on what continent were hops first added to beer? END
START what was a carolingian abbot credited for adding to beer in 822? END
START who was believed to have added hops to beer in 1067? END
START where did abbess hildegard live? END
START what was a carolingian abbot credited for adding to beer in 1067? END
START in which year did the germanic and celtic tribes add hops to beer? END
START what town first added hops to beer? END
START in addition to hops, what did the early european beers contain? END
START in 822 what did abbess hilegard add to beer? END
START what was spread through europe as far back as 1067 bc? END
START what was first added around 282? END
START who first mentioned hops in 282? END
START who was the second to mention hops in 1076? END
START what is the origin of the word ale? END
START what is the origin of the word beer? END
START what word means to drink in latin? END
START what 12th century poet once wrote "ale it is called among men, but among the gods, beer."? END
START what is the plural of the word ale? END
START what does the word alu hold connotations of? END
START what does the 12th-century old germanic poem alvissmal say? END
START what is the latin word for barley? END
START how much alcohol is contained in the beer vetter 33? END
START what was the strongest beer in 1994 according to the guinness book of world records? END
START what brewing company produced the beer millennium? END
START what year did the brewing company brewdog start producing a beer called ghost deer? END
START what do brewing companies sometimes use to give more alcohol content to their beer? END
START what beer has a 10.5% volume by alcohol?  END
START what was the strongest beer in the 1949 guinness book of world records? END
START what percentage abv did adams samuel first reach by using champagne yeasts? END
START what was the abv of utopias that was brewed in britain?  END
START what was produced in september of 2001? END
START what beer is better for the environment than bottled beer? END
START how many pounds of co2 emissions are attributed to just one sixpack of microbrew? END
START what type of container can be used to transport draft beer, and is better for the environment that a bottle? END
START how much habitat is damaged from just one sixpack of microbrew? END
START how many square feet is 2.5 square meters? END
START what beer is better for the environment than draught beer? END
START what produces about 6.6 kilograms of co2 emissions?  END
START what can cause a loss of 2.5 square feet of natural habitat? END
START what can buying bottled beer reduce? END
START what technology support the drinking of chilled beer? END
START at what cool temperature is a beers flavor reduced? END
START when is a beer at its most flavorful? END
START what country is the organisation cask marque located? END
START in what decade did drinking chilled pale lager become popular? END
START what began in the 1780s? END
START what countries began drinking chilled beer in the 1780s? END
START what is marque cask? END
START what temperature standard has marque cask set? END
START what happens to beer chilled below 15.5 degrees f? END
START what is beers primary active ingredient? END
START what disease can be caused by heavy alcohol consumption? END
START how many deaths are believed to have been caused by alcohol? END
START what is the third leading cause of premature dying in the us? END
START how many years are removed from an alcoholic's life expectancy? END
START what is the main active ingredient of alcohol?  END
START what are 3.3% of all deaths believed to be due to? END
START what are 5.9 million deaths believed to be due to? END
START what reduces a person's life expectancy by around three years? END
START what is the tenth leading cause of early death in the united states? END
START what hormone can be triggered by the flavor of beer alone in males? END
START what year did the neuropsychopharmacology journal publist a study about the effect on the brain of beers flavor? END
START what taste could significantly impact a man's desire to drink? END
START how many men were studied for tests on the flavor of beer in the neuropsychopharmacology journal in 2013? END
START what did a 2031 study reveal? END
START what journal published the study about the 94 men? END
START what taste increased participants desire to drink compared with beer? END
START what word was dropped as a racial classification in this year's census? END
START what were people that had black and white ancestor classified as in this census?  END
START how were people with both black and american indian ancestry recorded in this census?  END
START what is it called when a mixed race person in recorded as negro in this census, even if only a fraction of their ancestry is black? END
START which parent was the deciding factor for how interracial persons were recorded in this census?  END
START in what year were census respondents first able to select more than one race?  END
START how many american reported being of more than one race in the census 2000? END
START what year was the last census before the census 2000? END
START how many race categories were respondents able to select in the census 2000? END
START what organization recommended that race and ethnicity categories be combined into one question for the 2000 us census? END
START in what year are or racial categories first revised for the 2000 u.s. census? END
START prior to 1997, where were racial categories declared for the u.s. census? END
START how did racial categories appear in the us 2000 census? END
START who defines the concept of race in the united states census? END
START what do the race categories in the us census include in addition to race? END
START in addition to social and cultural characteristics, what else is taken into account for race classification in the us census? END
START how many ethnic categories are there in the us census? END
START in addition to hispanic and latino, what other ethnic category is included in the united states census? END
START what association criticized the separation of race and ethnicity in the uscensus? END
START members of what commission criticized the separation of race and ethnic city on the us census? END
START in ethnic classification for the u.s. census, what option do respondents have other than not hispanic or latino? END
START what country did president frankiln roosevelt have a good neighbor policy for in hopes of a better relationship? END
START in what year did a federal judge say that three immigrants from mexico were not eligible to be citizens because of their race? END
START what us president wanted to treat hispanic people as white by the federal government? END
START people of what descent were classified as white by the federal government at the suggestion of president roosevelt? END
START in 1935, what race was a person required to be to become a united states citizen? END
START who decided on the standards for the classification of race and ethnicity and federal data? END
START in what year did omb revise the standards for race and ethnicity classifications? END
START what did omb hope to provide with their revision on race and ethnicity in 1997? END
START how many races were people asked to mark on the us census after omb revised their standards in 1997? END
START how many races were people asked to report in the us census prior to 1997? END
START in what year were free persons first listed individually in the us census? END
START how were free persons listed in the us census prior to 1850? END
START in the 1850 us census, what was put into the color column for black persons? END
START if m was marked in the color column for a person in the 1850 census, how were they classified? END
START how were slaves listed in the 1850 us census? END
START what race selection did the census bureau consider getting rid of before the 2000 census? END
START in what year did the ancestery question stop appearing in the us census? END
START there were campaigns to try to get minorities to use what race category into 2010 census? END
START in addition to the census, where else is the "some other race" selection an option? END
START what act has rules and regulations for bilingual election?  END
START what act has rules and regulations for meeting the credit needs of minority populations? END
START what act has laws about equal employment opportunities for ethnic groups? END
START in what year was the term race first used in the u.s. census? END
START how often was a new questionnaire sheet used in the 1890 census? END
START how were residents listed in the census in 1890? END
START why were different east asian races divided in 1890 census? END
START how many ethnicities or federal agencies required to use in data collection? END
START how would a person of cuban origin be listed by the us census bureau? END
START aside from hispanic or latino, what other ethnicity are federal agencies required to use? END
START in which ethnic category would a person of mexican origin be listed by the us census bureau? END
START in what ethnic category would a person from puerto rico to be listed in the united states census? END
START what is the us dollar based upon? END
START how much monetary value does a dime hold? END
START how much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1800s? END
START what was the maximum value a gold coin used to be able to have? END
START in what legislation was the term "eagle" used? END
START what is the union based upon? END
START how much monetary value does a treasury hold? END
START how much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1900s? END
START what was the maximum value paper money used to be able to have? END
START in what legislation was the term "denomination" used? END
START which symbol is used to represent the dollar? END
START what abbreviation was the dollar sign based off of? END
START what was the common name for the spanish dollar? END
START which century signalled the end of the spanish dollar? END
START in which region of the world were the spanish pesos minted? END
START which symbol is used to represent the peso? END
START what abbreviation was the minted sign based off of? END
START what was the common name for the spanish sign? END
START which century signaled the end of the sign? END
START in which region of the world were spanish signs minted? END
START what color was predominantly used? END
START which organization filed an accessibility lawsuit? END
START other than the $100 bill, which other note is not going to be redesigned? END
START who are currency readers meant to assist? END
START the redesign of notes is being planned by which organization? END
START what color was rarely used? END
START which organization filed a numeral lawsuit? END
START other than the $2 bill, which other note is not going to be redesigned? END
START who are transition periods meant to assist? END
START the transition period is being planned by which organization? END
START who has the power "to coin money"? END
START which section indicates the methods in which the dollar should be issued? END
START coins are considered legal tender for which kind of transaction? END
START what is an example of a copper alloy dollar? END
START what is the pure silver dollar referred to as? END
START who has the power "to tender money"? END
START which section indicates the methods in which coins should be issued? END
START coins are considered illegal tender for which type of transactions? END
START what is an example of a silver alloy debt? END
START what is the impure silver dollar referred to as? END
START who began minting the coins known as joachimstalers? END
START what is the modern name for st. joachim's valley? END
START what were the joachimstalers composed of? END
START how did the word "taler" translate into italian? END
START other than "taler", what is the other name of the german coin? END
START who began minting the coins known as hungarian? END
START what is the modern name for joachimsthal? END
START what were the dutch composed of? END
START how did the word "silver" translate into italian? END
START other than "taler" what is the other name of the italian coin? END
START what condition does a person have to meet to  be allowed by law on a coin? END
START having portraits of leaders on coins was compared to who's policies? END
START when did modern day currency start getting the faces that they have? END
START other than greek and roman mythology, who else was featured on the "heads" side of past coins? END
START what was the last coin to be converted to the modern day style of having historic americans on the face? END
START what condition does a person have to meet to be in mythology? END
START having mythology on coins was compared to whose policies? END
START when did modern day currency start getting the native americans they have? END
START other than greek and roman mythology, who else was featured on the "heads" of past monarchs? END
START what was the last coin to be converted to the modern day style of having mythology on the face? END
START which year was it when paper money was first issued without the backing of precious metals? END
START what was the first war that caused paper money to be issued? END
START which other war also caused a disconnect between paper money and precious metals? END
START the quick loss in value of paper money resulted in which phrase being hear? END
START the loss in value resulted in a clause being written in which article in the us constitution? END
START which year was it when paper money was first issued without the backing of the articles of confederation? END
START what was the first war that caused silver money to be issued? END
START which other war also caused a disconnect between the united states constitution? END
START the quick loss in value of silver resulted in which phrase being heard? END
START the loss in value resulted in a clause being written in which article in the articles of confederation? END
START in which year was the new $1 us presidential coin introduced? END
START what does the reverse side of the new coins feature? END
START what is the official version of "in god we trust" printed on the coins?  END
START which inscription was eliminated due to the statue of liberty being added to the coin? END
START which president will have two coins with his portrait on it? END
START in which year was the new roosevelt presidential coin introduced? END
START what does the reverse side of the roosevelt coin feature?  END
START what is the official version of "liberty" printed on the coins? END
START which inscription was eliminated due to roosevelt being added to the coin? END
START which president will have two dimes with his portrait on it? END
START who can create "new high-powered money"? END
START who does the federal reserve have to place an order with for printed money? END
START which organization stamps coins? END
START which bureau prints new dollars? END
START who can freely withdraw from  their reserve accounts at the federal reserve? END
START who can create reserve accounts? END
START who do the reserve accounts have to place an order with for printed money? END
START which organization orders existing funds? END
START which bureau reserves high-powered money? END
START who can freely withdraw from their federal reserve accounts at the bureau of engraving and printing? END
START during which times does the value of the dollar typically decline? END
START when was the federal reserve established? END
START what was the federal reserve designed to furnish? END
START what had previously kept prices stable? END
START how much did the us prices deflate in the 1930s? END
START during which times does the value of the dollar typically maintain value? END
START when was the civil reserve established? END
START what was the civil reserve designed to furnish? END
START what had previously kept prices declining? END
START how much did the us prices inflate in the 1930s? END
START what would zero inflation mean for the us dollar over time? END
START what would result in a slow declining of the value of the dollar over time? END
START who is in favor of a zero inflation policy? END
START a zero inflation policy would limit who's influence and ability to react? END
START with a zero inflation rate, what would the central bank be unable to do other than control interest rates? END
START what would zero inflation mean for control interest over time? END
START what would result in a slow declining of the value of control interest over time? END
START a zero inflation policy would limit who's influence and stimulate the economy? END
START with a zero inflation rate, what would stable inflation be unable to do other than control interest rates? END
START what would mean a continuously but slowly stimulating of the economy? END
START what is "dollars" a reference to? END
START how much value did a spanish milled dollar have in relation to spanish units of currency? END
START how much value was one dollar meant to be equivalent to? END
START how many grains of standard silver were meant to be in a single dollar? END
START how many grains of pure silver were meant to be in a single dollar? END
START what is "section" a reference to? END
START how much value did a spanish milled dollar have in relation to coins of the united states? END
START how much value was one grain meant to be equivalent to? END
START how many single silver dollars were meant cost one dollar to make? END
START how many grains of pure silver were meant to be in a single milled dollar? END
START what is a "grand" sometimes shortened to? END
START what is another term other than "large" that means a stack of mutiple thousands? END
START what is a "c-note" a reference to? END
START which note is occasionally called a "yardstick"? END
START what is another term for "bigface" notes? END
START what is a "sawbuck" sometimes shortened to? END
START what is another term other than "sawbuck" that means a stack of multiple thousands? END
START what is a g-note a reference to? END
START which note is occasionally called a largestick? END
START what is another term for obverse notes? END
START what defined the us dollar? END
START what was the dollar based on? END
START how many grams of gold roughly were in an eagle? END
START who made the decision to base the american unit on the weight on the spanish dollar? END
START what was the average weight of a new spanish dollar in terms of grains? END
START what defined the hamilton? END
START what was the hamilton based on? END
START how many grams did an eagle weigh? END
START who made the decision to base the hamilton unit on the weight of the spanish dollar? END
START what was the average weight of the hamilton in grains? END
START what is specifically produced for collectors? END
START what is the percentage of silver in coins in the silver proofs? END
START when did the mint being producing proof sets? END
START other than the silver proof set, what other type of proof set exists? END
START when was the production of presidential dollar coins suspended? END
START what is specifically produced for budget constraints? END
START what is the percentage of silver in coins in the budget constraints? END
START when did the mint begin producing budget sets? END
START other than the silver budget set, what other type of budget set exists? END
START when was the production of silver coins suspended? END
START what dictates that a receipt for expenditures of all public money must be published? END
START which section specifically states that receipts for public money must be published? END
START which currency are the sums of money in the "statements" displayed in? END
START what is the unit of account of the united states? END
START what dictates that a receipt for expenditures of all public codes must be published? END
START which section specifically states that receipts for provisions must be published? END
START in which currency are the sums of provisions in the "statements" displayed in? END
START what is the unit of report provisions of the united states? END
START what shall not be published? END
START what is the highest currently printed denomination of bill? END
START in which year were notes valued above $100 no longer printed? END
START when were bills above the $100 denomination withdrawn from circulation? END
START what use of higher value bills prompted nixon to halt the use of said bills? END
START what was issued to halt the use of higher currency denomations? END
START what is the cost of an executive order? END
START in which year were notes valued below $1 no longer printed? END
START when were bills above the below the $1 withdrawn into circulation? END
START what use of lower value bills prompted nixon to halt the use of said bills? END
START what was issued to halt the use of lower currency denominations? END
START what is the british equivalent of a "buck"? END
START in which century can the term "buck" be traced back to? END
START what kind of trade may have been the origin of the "buck"? END
START what was the nickname given to the demand note dollars that were used to finance the civil war? END
START what color other than green was used on the backside of the original note? END
START what is the british equivalent of a "whole"? END
START in which century can the term "whole" be traced back to? END
START what kind of trade may have been the origin of the "whole"? END
START what was the nickname given to the demand bill dollars that were used to finance the buck? END
START what color other than red was used on the backside of the original note? END
START what was the value of the u.s. dollar no longer anchored to? END
START who's duty did it become to maintain the value of the u.s. currency? END
START what move did the federal reserve take that resulted in stagflation and the decline of the u.s. dollar? END
START what claimed that inflation and economic growth were linked? END
START how much value did the u.s. dollar lose between 1965 and 1981? END
START what was the value of the federal reserve no longer anchored to? END
START whose duty did it become to maintain the value of the federal reserve? END
START what move did the phillips take that resulted in stagflation and the decline of the u.s. dollar? END
START what claimed that inflation and the federal reserve were linked? END
START how much value did the federal reserve lose between 1965 and 1981? END
START what was the look of the dollar based on? END
START in which century did the spanish dollar start being used in spanish america? END
START when was the united states mint founded? END
START outside of mexico, where else was the spanish dollar minted? END
START when were the spanish dollar and mexican peso no longer accepted as legal tender? END
START what was the look of the colonies based on? END
START in which century did the spanish dollar start being used in new york? END
START when was the spanish mint founded? END
START outside of the netherlands, where else was the dutch dollar minted? END
START when were the dutch dollar and mexican peso no longer accepted as legal tender? END
START what was the name of the act introduced in the year 1900? END
START how much gold in grams was one dollar equivalent to? END
START how much was 1 troy ounce of gold worth? END
START which year brought the end to silver being in dimes and quarters? END
START which president confiscated gold coins? END
START what was the name of the act introduced in the year 1800? END
START how much silver in grams was one dollar equivalent to? END
START how much was 1 troy ounce of silver worth? END
START which of year brought the end to gold being in dimes and quarters? END
START which president confiscated silver coins? END
START where did error coins originate? END
START other than florida, which other state got send error coins? END
START how much were error coins initially worth for collectors? END
START what were some amateur collectors duped into buying? END
START what do vending machines commonly only accept? END
START where did permanent coins originate? END
START other than florida, which other state got sent permanent coins? END
START how much were permanent coins initially worth for collectors? END
START what were some cynics duped into buying? END
START what do collectors commonly only accept? END
START what power was congress given by the constitution? END
START what did congress authorize the federal reserve banks to do? END
START what are the notes issued by the federal reserve? END
START where, other than any federal reserve bank, can notes be redeemed? END
START since the 1970s, what is the only type of note that has remained in circulation? END
START what power was congress given by the federal reserve? END
START what did the constitution authorize the federal reserve banks to do? END
START what are the noted issued by congress? END
START where, other than congress can notes be redeemed? END
START since the 1970s, what is the only type of note that have been designated? END
START what is the short term goal of open market operations? END
START what does the federal reserve target? END
START what is the federal funds rate? END
START what is the cajoling of certain market players to achieve specified outcomes also known as? END
START what does "open mouth operations" mean? END
START what is the short term goal of open mouth operatioins? END
START what do open mouth operations target? END
START what is the federal specified outcome? END
START what is the cajoling of certain market players to achieve member bank rates also known as? END
START what does gold rate exchange mean? END
START when was the bretton woods system established? END
START what was the fixed value of gold? END
START what was the value of the u.s. dollar linked to? END
START what did banks and investors do that devalued the dollar? END
START in which year was gold convertability terminated? END
START when was the nixon woods system established? END
START what was the fixed value of stocks? END
START what was the value of the nixon investors linked to? END
START what did banks and investors do that terminated the dollar? END
START in which year were dollars terminated? END
START what kind of money is the u.s. dollar? END
START although for some countries the dollar is not their official currency, how do they use the currency? END
START other than the british virgin islands, what other area in the caribbean uses the dollar as it's sole currency? END
START for countries that use the dollar as their paper currency, what other currency do they make? END
START what is an example of a u.s. coin that can be used as payment in some countries? END
START what kind of money is the caribbean dollar? END
START although for some countries the caribbean dollar is not their official currency, how do they use the currency? END
START other than the british virgin islands, what other area in the caribbean uses the caribbean dollar as its sole currency? END
START for countries that use the caribbean dollar as their paper currency, what other currency do they make? END
START what is an example of a caribbean coin that can be used as payment in some countries? END
START what are dollar notes made from now adays? END
START what is most common paper made of? END
START since 1914, who issues the dollar banknotes? END
START how long do the current notes measure? END
START what size currency are the new smaller notes similar to? END
START what are phillipine notes made from now adays? END
START what is most common currency made of? END
START since 1911, who issues the dollar banknotes? END
START how long do the current reserves measure? END
START what size currency are the new larger notes similar to? END
START when was the mint act passed? END
START how many grains of silver did the mint act define the dollar as? END
START who suggested that the ratio of silver to gold should be fixed? END
START what market value were gold coins traded in relation to? END
START in what year did the shift in gold standard occur? END
START when was the standard act passed? END
START how many grains of gold did the mint act define the dollar as? END
START who suggested that the ratio of silver to dollars should be fixed? END
START what market value were other silver coins traded in relation to? END
START in what year did the shift in silver standard occur? END
START what are gold and silver coins valuable for now adays? END
START what are non primarily gold and silver coins valuable for? END
START what was the only coin with any silver content in circulation from 1965 to 1970? END
START what was the kennedy half dollar replaced with? END
START how much was the experimental stella coin valued at? END
START what is copper and nickel tender valuable for these days? END
START what are non copper and nickel coins  valuable for? END
START what was the only coin with any copper content in circulation from 1965 to 1970? END
START what was the kennedy dollar replaced with? END
START how much was the experimental kennedy coin valued at? END
START when were silver dollars first minted? END
START who was featured on the copper - nickel dollar? END
START which coin was introduced in 1979? END
START what did the new $1 coin minted in 2000 feature? END
START in which century were gold dollars minted? END
START when were gold dollars first minted? END
START who was featured on the milled dollar? END
START which coin was introduced in 1935? END
START what did the new $1 coin minted in 1935 feature? END
START in which century were milled dollars minted? END
START what do coins, federal reserve notes and deposits held by despository institutions make up? END
START what was the monetary base value in 1994? END
START how much did the monetar base value increase to in 2013? END
START how many times a year does the federal open market committee meet? END
START what would the federal reserve buy to try and increase money supply? END
START what do coins, federal reserve notes, and monetary policy make up? END
START what was the treasury bond value in 1994? END
START how much did the monetary base value increase to in 1994? END
START how many times a year does the federal reserve bank meet? END
START what would the federal open market committee buy to try and increase money supply? END
START what does the decline in value of the dollar correspond to? END
START the rise in level of prices in an economy is referred to as what? END
START what does cpi stand for? END
START who publishes the consumer price index? END
START what does the cpi estimate? END
START what does the decline in value of the average price correspond to? END
START what is the rise in level of living expenses in an economy referred to? END
START what is published by the cpi? END
START who publishes the prices of goods and services? END
START what does the bureau of labor statistics estimate? END
START when was the royal college of chemistry established? END
START which politicians donated funds to establish the royal college of chemistry? END
START who was the first professor of the royal college of chemistry? END
START why was the royal college of chemistry founded? END
START who supported the royal college of chemistry? END
START when was the royal college of chemistry established? END
START what was not well taught that led to the founding of the royal college of chemistry? END
START which country was ahead of the united kingdom in the teaching of chemistry? END
START which prince supported the establishment of the college? END
START who was the first professor of the college? END
START what college was established by private donations in 1845? END
START what subject was germany behind the uk in teaching? END
START who appealed for public funding of the college? END
START who requested to be the first professor? END
START when was the city and guilds college founded? END
START what was the aim of the city and guilds college when it was founded? END
START what were the main objectives of establishing the city and guilds college? END
START how much did the 1851 exhibition commissioners pay for the land that became the city and guilds college? END
START what was the former name of the city and guilds college? END
START which college was founded in 1876? END
START how many livery companies were in the meeting that founded the college? END
START what does cgli stand for? END
START other than conducting a system of qualifying examinations, what was the other main objective of the meeting of cgli? END
START how large was the land (in acres) that the institution was founded on? END
START what college was founded in the 19th century? END
START who met to improve workiong conditions for craftsmen? END
START who's main objective was to set work standards for craftsmen, technicins, technologists and engineers? END
START how large was the site in north kennsington? END
START what two colleges were form from the imperial college? END
START when did imperial announce their science park program at the wye campus? END
START when did imperial abandon their science park program? END
START when was the wye college campus closed? END
START where was imperial planning on launching their science park program? END
START where was imperial's science park programme located? END
START when was the science park programme abandoned? END
START how much money could the science park programme have raised for the college? END
START who did not know about the potential revenue that the programme could have raised initially? END
START what was closed on september 2009? END
START when did imperial announce a science lab programme? END
START what programme was started in september of 2006? END
START on what campus was the science park program built? END
START what scientific college developed an area of outstanding natural beuty? END
START what was the market value of the endowment the college received on july 31, 2015? END
START what is a "unitised scheme"? END
START how much did the market value of the college's endowment increase between 2014 and 2015? END
START how many percent did the college's endowment market value increase from 2014 to 2015? END
START how many distinct portfolios is the college's endownment divided into? END
START what is the term that represents a unit trust vehicle that allows endowments to be invested to produce returns for the lon term? END
START the 120 operational and developmental properties within the college that are not core to the academic mission belong to which portfolio? END
START the college's restricted equity holdings would be considered a part of which portion of the portfolio? END
START how much did the market value of the endowment increase by during the year 2014/2015? END
START when did the endowment increase by 512.4 million pounds? END
START how many nonoperational and development properties were in the portfolio? END
START how many properties were were core to the college's academic mission? END
START how many staff members did imperial submit assessments of for the ref assessment? END
START in the 2014 rankings produced by times higher education, what position was imperial ranked for gpa? END
START how many units of assessment did imperial submit? END
START how highly was imperial ranked in "research power" in 2014? END
START how many staff members did imperial claim to have in 2014? END
START what does ref stand for? END
START what was the percentage of imperials research that was seemed to be 3*? END
START what did the ref give imperial as an overall gpa? END
START what was imperial's overall gpa rank according to the times higher education? END
START how many staff were submitted over the 16 units of assessment? END
START what percentage of imperials research was declassified? END
START who was ranked 2nd overall in test scores? END
START who was ranked 6th and 7th in research power? END
START when was professor stefan grimm found dead? END
START when did imperial college make its first public announcement of stefan grimm's death? END
START how many times was professor stefan grimm's email viewed in the first four days after it was posted online? END
START what did professor grimm's last email accuse imperial college of before his death? END
START what did imperial college announce it would do after professor grimm's death? END
START which professor was found dead in september 2014? END
START to which department did the professor who passed in september 2014 belong? END
START what was the dead professor threatened with before his death? END
START how much did the grimm claim his employers said he should raise in grant money per year? END
START how many views did grimm's last email get in the first four days after it was posted? END
START who was fired for not raising grant money? END
START in what year was grimm killed? END
START what are police investigating? END
START what did the school acuse grimm of doing? END
START who did grimm bully? END
START which day was the imperial college boat club formed on? END
START how many alumni from imperial were a part of the gold medal winning gb8+? END
START what was the name of the coach of the gold medal winning gb8+? END
START which event has the boat club been highly successful at? END
START which event did the boat club claim victory in for 2013? END
START when was the imperial college yacht club founded? END
START who coached the team at the henley royal regatta? END
START where must clyub members attend school? END
START what event did the club loose in 2013? END
START what team consisted of 3 non alumni? END
START what school was established in 1851? END
START who established the royal school of mines? END
START a collection of miners, maps and mining equipment all belonged to what entity? END
START which famous prince was a patron at the royal school of mines? END
START which region did prince albert aim to make famous as an educational region? END
START what school was established in the 18th century? END
START what museum was founded by sir henry de la beche? END
START who created a school that established the foundation of education in the country? END
START who helped make the royal school of mines part of the royal college of chemistry? END
START who wanted to make north kensington an education region? END
START who granted imperial degree-awarding powers? END
START in which year was the london centre for nanotechnology established? END
START the londre centre for nanotechnology was a joint effort between ucl and which college? END
START what is the old name of the imperial college business school? END
START the faculties of life sciences and physical sciences merged in 2005 to become which faculty? END
START what school was given an award by the privy council? END
START when did the privy council give imperial an award? END
START what did ucl establish to compete with imperial college? END
START what busniss school was funded by the queen? END
START what two programs developed out of the faculty of natural sciences? END
START in which area in london is imperial's main campus located? END
START what is the area inside of south kensington where imperial is located known as? END
START in which decade did the expansion of the south kensington campus being? END
START who designed the imperial institue that was a victim of imperial's expansion in the 1950s & 1960s? END
START which landmark still remains from the imperial institue after imperial's expansion? END
START what school's main campus is located in north kent? END
START what area of kent is begining to develop cultural and academic institutions? END
START what are some of the institutions are across from imperial's main campus? END
START what campus reduced its size in the 1950's and 1960's? END
START what campus was absorbed by the imperial institute? END
START which centre provides electives outside of science for students? END
START outside of doing it on their own time, what other motivation could students have to take non mandatory electives? END
START which unit is a part of the co-curricular studies that offers master's degrees? END
START scientists seeking a master's degree might be interested in which other degree besides science communication from the science communication unit? END
START where are elective science courses offered? END
START what are all students required to do on their own time? END
START where can students get a degree in mass communication? END
START what language studies are required for students? END
START what statistic did the average imperial graduate rank the highest in for 2014? END
START which type of graduate from imperial earned the second highest average starting salary after graduation? END
START who ranked different graduates according to their average starting salary after graduation in the uk? END
START which prestigious newspaper ranked imperial college as one of the top 10 most welcomed universities by job markets? END
START in which year did imperial university claim the award for being voted the highest in the uk for job prospects? END
START what collegege had the highest higher rate in 2014 among graduates? END
START who ranked computing graduates as the 2nd most likely to find a job? END
START who ranked imperial as one of the most welcoming universities? END
START who ranks imperial as 1st in quality of graduates? END
START what does the abbreviation stoic stand for? END
START what is stoic's modern name? END
START when was imperial college union's tv station founded? END
START where was a cable link located that connected the southside halls of residence? END
START when was the station renamed to it's modern name? END
START when was the college radio station founded? END
START where is the radio station operated from? END
START how where news programs played for staff? END
START when was a cable link added to the dorms? END
START when did the society change its name from ictv END
START which famous automobile designer is considered a non - academic alumni? END
START which famous author is considered an alumni for imperial? END
START which airline's ceo can be called a non - academic alumni of imperial? END
START which incredibly prestigious position did huw thomas hold? END
START which hedge fund manager with a networth of over a billion is considered an alumni? END
START who are some academic alumni? END
START what hedge fund manager is an academic alumni? END
START who's doctor is an honorary graduate? END
START which society organized the great exhibition? END
START how much of a surplus did the great ehibition raise? END
START who insisted that the surplus from the great exhibition be used as a home for culture and education for all? END
START what was prince albert's commitment? END
START what did the royal colleges and imperial institute form when they merged? END
START what was organised by the royal society to promote the interests of the empire? END
START who insisted that the great exhibition surplus should be used to aid the poor? END
START what did prince albert want to find novel and abitious solutions for? END
START what institutions did the imperial college of london split into? END
START who proposed a merger of many colleges in 1907? END
START what was the reasoning behind the proposal to merge many colleges? END
START when the merger was passed, what constituent college was created? END
START who did the constituent college belong to? END
START which document, granted by edward vii, was officially signed on the 8th of july 1907? END
START what was founded in the 19th century? END
START who decided that more liberal education was needed? END
START what schools were formed from the imperial college of science? END
START when was the charter signed for the university of london? END
START who granted the royal charted for the unoiversity of london? END
START what was imperial's net income for the financial year that ended on 31 july 2013? END
START what was imperial's total expenditure for the financial year that ended on the 31 july 2013? END
START how much income was generated from research grants and contracts for 2013? END
START who granted imperial close to 170 million pounds in grants? END
START what was imperial's capital expenditure for the 2012/2013 financial year? END
START what college ended the fiscal year 2013 with an income of 822 thousand pounds? END
START in what year was imperial's expenditures 124 thousand pounds? END
START in which year did imperial merge with st mary's hospital medical school? END
START which school resulted from imperial's merger with st mary's? END
START who did imperial partner with to launch the imperial college press? END
START what year was the imperial college school of medicine formally established? END
START what is the name of the building that was opened by queen elizabeth ii? END
START what scool split into imperial and and st maries? END
START when did imperial start its publishng house world scientific? END
START what schools came out of imperial in 1997? END
START what school was founded by sit alexander fleming? END
START what percentage of imperial's staff was classified as world leading in 2008? END
START what percentage of imperial's staff was deemed to be internationally excellent in 2008? END
START which group assessed imperial's staff members to determine their standing in relation to the rest of the world? END
START how many subjects were judged to be the best in terms of internationally recognised research quality? END
START what assesment showed 1225 staff to be world-leading? END
START what showed 26% of staff to be internationally excellent? END
START what five subjects where shown to the top ranked in the world? END
START what was formed on the 1st october 2007? END
START how many hospitals does it manage? END
START what is it considered to be? END
START what is the annual turnover for the trust? END
START how many patients a year does the trust treat? END
START what  hospitals were formed from imperial college healthcare? END
START what trust has an annual income of $800 million/ END
START how many hospitals teamed to form the nhs in 2006? END
START what portion of females reported that they were held back by managers? END
START in which year were these allegations raised? END
START after the 2003 incident, what was the next major year in which conerns were raised? END
START in which faculty were the methods used to fire people being questioned? END
START who is the new president for imperial college? END
START in what years did 1/2 the female axademics say bullying held back their carreer? END
START who does alice ghast think will continue to struggle? END
START who is the vice president of imperial? END
START what waw beeing question in the school of engeneering? END
START what is the official name of the student's union? END
START how many full time officers run the union? END
START how long is the tenure for an officer to run the union? END
START how many clubs, projects and societies is the union responsible for managing? END
START what kind of programmes do students work on for project nepal? END
START what is the naqme of the staff and student union? END
START what is run by 5 full-time students? END
START what is used to maintain around 300 pubs? END
START where are staff sent to work on building projects? END
START what kind of university is imperial college london? END
START who founded the imperial college london? END
START who opened the imperial institute in 1907? END
START which document allowed the imperial college london to be formed? END
START what was the focus of the imperial college london? END
START what is the name of a private resdearch university in london? END
START who helped to build the college? END
START who laid the final stone in the imerial institute? END
START when was coursework in medicine given over to st mary's hospital? END
START when did the imerial institute join the university of london? END
START who discovered the first synthetic dye? END
START what did the scientist who discovered the dye do after discovering it? END
START what is the name of the first synthetic dye discovered? END
START the discovery of the synthetic dye is claimed by some histories to have sparked what event? END
START which award is named after the discoverer of the dye? END
START who did von hoffman study under? END
START what discovery by von hoffman was prompted by his work with perkins? END
START what was coal tar derived from? END
START who's didcovery sparked the chemical revolution? END
START who founded the society of chemical industry? END
START what site did imperial acquire in 1947? END
START what was the name of imperial's student newspaper? END
START how much money was donated for a new biochemistry department? END
START who donated the large sum of money to help aid the establishement of the biochemistry department? END
START imperial formed a relationship with which other entity in 1963? END
START what did imperial aquire in the 19th century END
START what was aquired for teaching chemistry that was not well suited for the main campus? END
START what was the name of imperials staff news paper? END
START when was imperial's staff paper founded? END
START who donated money to establish a new bioengenering department? END
START where did the duke of brunswick-lneburg move his residence to? END
START who elevated the status of the dukes of brunswick-lneburg? END
START who confirmed the elevation of the dukes of brunswick-lneburg in 1708? END
START which other nation would the electors of hanover become monarchs of? END
START who was the first elector from hanover to sit on the british throne? END
START what duke moved to hanover in 1736? END
START who elevated the duke of brunswick to the rank of prince? END
START who was the last elector of hanover to sit on the british throne? END
START who abdicated the british throne in 1714? END
START what other title did three queens of great britain with united kingdom also hold? END
START other than for railroads and road junction, what did hanover have that made it a major target? END
START which campaign specifically was hanover a target for in world war ii? END
START what does vlw stand for? END
START how many civilians were killed in the allied bombing raids in world war ii? END
START how many bombing raids were there during world war ii? END
START what did hanover have that made it less likely to be bombed during world war ii END
START which campaign specifically targeted hanover during world war i? END
START how many civilians were killed during the axis bombing raids in world war ii? END
START how many bombing raids destroyed 40% of the city? END
START what areas were not targeted by allied bombers? END
START which zoo is one of the best in europe? END
START what award did the hanover zoo receive four years in a row? END
START which animal does the so-called swimming area have? END
START when did the canadian-theme area in the hanover zoo open? END
START how many people visited the hanover zoo in 2010? END
START what is one of the earliest jews in europe? END
START what award to the zoo win for fourteen years in a row? END
START how many people visited the canadian themed area in 2010? END
START what area of the zoo does not host seabirds? END
START in what year do the hanover zoo lose the park scout award? END
START what famous theatre is located in georgs palace? END
START what is the most important cabaret-event? END
START what is a notable achievement about the kleines fest im groen garten? END
START where do artists who feature in the kleines fest im groen garten come from? END
START what is another important event other than the calenberger cabaret weeks or the hanover cabaret festival? END
START what is germany's leading cabaret stage? END
START artist and what festival are from all over germany? END
START what other events usually take place after the calenberger cabaret weeks END
START what are some of the less well-known cabaret stages? END
START what is one of the most unusual cabaret events? END
START what does the german spelling of hanover have that english does not? END
START which version of the spelling of hanover does the local government use on english websites? END
START which syllable does the english spoken version of hanover stress? END
START which syllable does the german pronunciation of hanover stress? END
START which spelling of hanover is used in historical contexts? END
START what does the nsdap stand for? END
START after which year did the lord mayor join the nsdap? END
START how many hanoverian jews were expelled in 1938? END
START who assassinated the german diplomat eduard ernst vom rath? END
START which city was the german diplomat in when he got assassinated? END
START who belong to the nazi party prior to 1937? END
START what city had a large polish population in 1937? END
START how many hanoverian jews were sent to paris? END
START who negotiated with the german diplomat? END
START what kind of garden is the great garden? END
START what destroyed the palace? END
START who constructed the two pavilions in the palace? END
START other than the nouveau jardin, what is the other popular part of the great garden? END
START what is at the centre of the nouveau jardin? END
START what kind of garden is the grand garden? END
START what was destroyed by axis bombing and currently under reconstruction? END
START what french artist designed the exterior? END
START what are the two least popular areas of the garden? END
START what famous classical musician played at the historic garden theater? END
START who designed the gehry tower? END
START what nationality was the architect of the gehry tower? END
START what is notable about the city forest eilenriede? END
START how many parks are there approximately in hanover? END
START how many rivers run through hanover? END
START who was the austrian architect who built the gehry tower END
START which lake is one of the largest in europe? END
START what does hanover offer a moderate amount of? END
START approximately how many gardens are there in hanover? END
START what is hanover a german capital for? END
START what is the name of the largest marksmen's fun fair in the world? END
START how many rides and inns does the fair have? END
START how many participants are int he parade of the marksmen? END
START what year can the festival be traced back to? END
START what is the most important exhibition city in the world? END
START what is the name of the smallest marksman's fun fair in the world? END
START how many of your tents make up the highlight of the marksman's fair END
START how many people watch the parade of the marksman? END
START where can you find the biggest fixed ferris wheel in the world? END
START what is a schnellweg? END
START what structure does the schnellweg and a number of roads roughly form? END
START when does the messeschnellweg change to the b6? END
START what road does the messeschnellweg pass the hanover fairground as? END
START what road does the sdschnellweg start out as? END
START what road is called the b6 on the southern part? END
START what road becomes b3 near burgdorf? END
START what fairground does the messeschnellweg pass? END
START what road does b sixty-five become at seelhorster kreuz? END
START what ended in the year 1837? END
START what was the name of william iv's heir? END
START who did the throne of hanover pass to instead of queen victoria? END
START what happened to the kingdom of hanover in 1866? END
START in which battle was the hanover army destroyed? END
START why did the political ties between united kingdom in hanover and? END
START what was the name of william iv son END
START who annexed the kingdom of hanover in 1766? END
START who is hanover expected to lose to at the battle of langensalza? END
START who did the people of hanover generally support after the annexation? END
START what plan was implemented in september 1941? END
START which portion of the population underwent ghettoisation? END
START what occured on the 15th of december 1941? END
START how many jews approximately lived in hanover in 1938? END
START how many concentration camps were constructed in hanover? END
START what act ended the ghettos in 1941? END
START after what conference were the jews deported to riga END
START what portion of the population was moved to better housing? END
START how many concentration camps were constructed in hanover before the war? END
START when did the russian army arrive to occupy hanover? END
START where was hanover originally founded? END
START what did hanover possibly originally mean? END
START when did hanover become a comparitvely large town? END
START which city was hanover connected to by the leine? END
START what is one example of traffic that passed through hanover? END
START what city was found on the west bank of the river leine? END
START until when was hand over a comparatively large town? END
START what was the original name of hanover meaning low riverbank? END
START hanover was near the northern edge of what? END
START what mountain was hanover north east of? END
START who imposed the convention of artlenburg? END
START how many french soldiers occupied hanover? END
START where did many soldiers from hanover emigrate to? END
START what did the soldiers who emigrated form? END
START who elevated hanover to the kingdom of hanover in 1815? END
START what convention did napoleon suggest? END
START how many soldiers from hanover occupied france? END
START where did many of hanover soldiers immigrate from? END
START what was the first german army to fight against france during the napoleonic wars END
START who elevated hanover to a kingdom in 1850? END
START what is the berggarten? END
START what is the name of the area inside the berggarten that hosts one of the world's biggest collection of orchids? END
START what historic landmark is near the entrance to the berggarten? END
START what is the name of the first tropical aquarium in germany? END
START other than orchids and birds, what else is housed in the orchid house? END
START what is the name of a minor european botanical garden? END
START what is the name of the first aquarium in germany? END
START what else can be found in the tropical house besides orchids and birds? END
START what mausoleum can be found in the great garden? END
START what pavilion is found near the entrance of the great garden? END
START what does vwn stand for? END
START what part of town is the plant owned by vwn located in? END
START which company was founded in hanover in 1871? END
START where does tui ag host their headquarters? END
START which major global reinsurance company has their headquarters east of the city center? END
START what is the only industrial business located in hanover? END
START what is the biggest employer in europe? END
START who has a gas burning power plant? END
START who holds minority stock in continental ag? END
START what types of company does hanover have that operate around the world? END
START how many theaters approximately are located in hanover? END
START what is the schauspielhaus in english? END
START who does the cumberlandsche galerie belong to? END
START which theatre is hanover's big theatre for musicals, shows and guest performances? END
START which theater has it's own musical company? END
START how many theaters are in the area surrounding hanover? END
START what buildings belong to the upper saxony state theatre? END
START what is the only theater without its own musical company? END
START who performs classical musicals in the garden theater? END
START what is hanover smallest theater? END
START who does the nicname "die roten" belong to? END
START what is another name for the top football division? END
START what is the name of the stadium that the hanover football team plays in? END
START where did the reserve team for the main hanover team used to play? END
START which league does the reserve team hanover 96 ii play in? END
START what is the nickname of the reds? END
START what division does the top national football team play in? END
START where does the national football team play? END
START where did the main hanover team use to play? END
START in what years to the hanover reserve team host world cup matches? END
START what is hanover's population? END
START what is hanover's ranking in terms of size in germany? END
START what is the largest oktoberfest in the world? END
START in which year did hanover host the expo? END
START what is "highways" in german? END
START where are the large martkirche located? END
START what is the old royal sports hall now called? END
START what is the name of the momument to the victims of war and violence? END
START what world famous landmark is located on the bank of the leine? END
START where does the mile of sculptures start? END
START what is located in the new town center? END
START what is the old ballhof theater called? END
START what church was built as a monument to victims of war and violence? END
START what starts at the trammplatz and stops at the river bank? END
START what district is near the new town? END
START what is the mnzkabinett der tui-ag? END
START what is the name of the largest police museum in germany? END
START where can you find carpets and objects from the orient? END
START other than in hanover, where else can you find a blind man museum? END
START what is the main topic of the kunsthalle faust? END
START what is a box of coins? END
START what is the name of the only police museum in germany? END
START what building contains textiles from all over germany? END
START carpets and other objects from around the world can be found in what museum? END
START what does the museum of natural energy history describe END
START what system of the body is related to emotion's physiology? END
START what sorts of people are more likely to be emotionally expressive? END
START what type of people hide their emotions? END
START what is emotion frequently responsible for driving? END
START along with physical changes, what sort of changes do emotions sometimes cause? END
START  what system of the body is not related to emotion's physiology? END
START  what sorts of people are less likely to be emotionally expressive? END
START  what type of people show their emotions? END
START  what is emotion infrequently responsible for driving? END
START along with physical changes, what sort of changes do emotions never cause? END
START what is the name of the theory plutchik created? END
START how many main emotions exist in plutchik's theory? END
START in plutchik's theory, what emotion is the opposite of anticipation? END
START what emotion can be perceived as a combination of disgust and anger? END
START what does plutchik see as the positive equivalent of disgust? END
START  what isn't the name of the theory plutchik created? END
START  how many nonmain emotions exist in plutchik's theory? END
START  in plutchik's theory, what emotion is the same as anticipation? END
START  what does plutchik see as the negative equivalent of disgust? END
START what was the name of the book that darwin wrote on emotions? END
START along with survival, what did darwin see as the role of emotions in humans? END
START through what process did darwin believe emotions developed? END
START in what century did darwin write? END
START what was the name of the book that darwin drew on emotions? END
START along with survival, what did darwin not see as the role of emotions in humans? END
START  through what process did darwin not believe emotions developed? END
START  in what century did darwin read? END
START in this theory, what action evokes an emotion? END
START what sort of response does the stimulus cause? END
START how is the stimulus interpreted by the mind? END
START in the james-lange theory, what causes emotions? END
START in this theory, what action doesn't evoke an emotion? END
START  what sort of response doesn't the stimulus cause? END
START  how is the stimulus not interpreted by the mind? END
START  in the james-lange theory, what doesn't cause emotions? END
START who argued that emotions arise from cognitive intentionality? END
START along with evaluations and thoughts, what cognitive activity did theorists believe to be required for emotion? END
START in lazarus' view, what could the cognitive activity be if it was not conscious? END
START  who argued that emotions don't come from cognitive intentionality? END
START along with evaluations and thoughts, what cognitive activity did theorists not believe to be required for emotion? END
START in lazarus' view, what couldn't the cognitive activity be if it was not conscious? END
START what theory argues that conceptual cognition is not required for emotional meaning? END
START what book by prinz defended the perceptual theory? END
START what book on the perceptual theory was written by james laird? END
START what is laird's job title? END
START what is jesse prinz's profession? END
START what theory doesn't argue that conceptual cognition is not required for emotional meaning? END
START  what book by prinz didn't defend the perceptual theory? END
START  what book on the perceptual theory wasn't written by james laird? END
START what is laird's mother's name? END
START what discipline examines the role emotions play in culture? END
START what discipline makes use of ethnography? END
START what field of study studies the organizational role of emotions? END
START who developed the concept of emotional labor? END
START roughly how many people are part of emonet? END
START what discipline doesn't examine the role emotions play in culture? END
START  what discipline doesn't make use of ethnography? END
START  what field of study doesn't study the organizational role of emotions? END
START  who rejected the concept of emotional labor? END
START along with anger, pride and happiness, what is an example of an emotional label? END
START aside from increased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions? END
START along with smiling and frowning, what is an example of a facial or body movement caused by emotion? END
START who developed a comprehensive theory related to human emotional arousal? END
START how many emotional categories did turner recognize as being founded on human neurology? END
START along with anger, pride and happiness, what isn't an example of an emotional label? END
START  aside from decreased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions? END
START along with smiling and frowning, what is not an example of a facial or body movement caused by emotion? END
START who didn't develop a comprehensive theory related to human emotional arousal? END
START  how many emotional categories did turner recognize as not being founded on human neurology? END
START along with william james, who was an influential 19th century theorist? END
START what was william james' nationality? END
START what was the nationality of carl lange? END
START what was the name of the theory that lange and james developed independently? END
START in what year did lange die? END
START along with william james, who wasn't an influential 19th century theorist? END
START  what was william james' religion? END
START  what was the age of carl lange? END
START what was the name of the theory that lange and james developed dependently? END
START along with psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history and sociology, what field has engaged in research on emotion? END
START along with dopamine, noradrenaline, serotonin, cortisol and oxytocin, what neurotransmitter or hormone influences emotion? END
START along with the experience, function and origin of emotion, what aspect of emotion does current research attempt to explain? END
START along with psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history and sociology, what field has disengaged in research on emotion? END
START besides dopamine, noradrenaline, serotonin, cortisol and oxytocin, what neurotransmitter or hormone do not influence emotion? END
START along with the experience, function and origin of emotion, what aspect of emotion does current research not attempt to explain? END
START what are emotional episodes defined in contrast to? END
START what other traits are emotional dispositions similar to? END
START what category is defined to contain pleasure, pain, motivation, moods and dispositions? END
START  what are unemotional episodes defined in contrast to? END
START  what other traits are emotional dispositions not similar to? END
START what category is not defined to contain pleasure, pain, motivation, moods and dispositions? END
START what theory sees an emotional episode as consisting of components? END
START at what point does psychological construction theory believe the components of an emotion are put together? END
START what is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is not the same from one case to another? END
START what theory sees an non-emotional episode as consisting of components? END
START at what point does psychological construction theory believe the components of a non-emotion are put together? END
START what is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is the same from one case to another? END
START who argued that physiological responses were insufficient to explain emotional experiences? END
START along with the physiological response, what did cannon believe was triggered by an emotional event? END
START why did cannon believe that physiological responses were insufficient cause for emotions? END
START who argued that physiological responses were sufficient to explain emotional experiences? END
START along with the physiological response, what did cannon believe wasn't triggered by an emotional event? END
START why did cannon believe that physiological responses weren't insufficient cause for emotions? END
START who developed a situated perspective on emotion along with andrea scarantino? END
START what factors did the situated perspective believe to be most important? END
START the situated perspective was influenced by what school of thought? END
START along with infant and animal emotion, what did scarantino and griffiths believe the situated perspective could help to explain? END
START who didn't develop a situated perspective on emotion along with andrea scarantino? END
START  what factors did the situated perspective believe not to be most important? END
START the situated perspective was not influenced by what school of thought? END
START along with infant and animal emotion, what did scarantino and griffiths believe the situated perspective could not help to explain? END
START when did broca publish his pioneering work? END
START who published a work in 1937 on the relationship between emotion and the limbic system? END
START along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is a notable part of the limbic system? END
START  when did broca publish his non-pioneering work? END
START who published a work in 1937 on the relationship between non-emotional and the limbic system? END
START along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is not a notable part of the limbic system? END
START along with the philosophies of music and art, what field of philosophy studies emotions? END
START along with drama and melodrama, in what filmmaking genre does emotion play an important role? END
START of what discipline is ethology a branch? END
START along with laboratory work, what does an ethologist engage in? END
START along with evolution, what area of study is ethology tied to? END
START along with the philosophies of music and art, what field of philosophy doesn't study emotions? END
START along with drama and melodrama, in what filmmaking genre does emotion not play an important role? END
START  of what discipline is ethology not a branch? END
START along with laboratory work, what doesn't an ethologist engage in? END
START who discussed the idea of a collective effervescence? END
START what society was studied to describe the notion of collective effervescence? END
START durkheim saw collective effervescence in what australian aboriginal activity? END
START what is another term for collective effervescence? END
START who didn't discuss the idea of a collective effervescence? END
START what society was studied to describe the notion of collective non-effervescence? END
START durkheim saw collective effervescence in what australian non-aboriginal activity? END
START what is another term for collective non-effervescence? END
START what theory was developed by arnold? END
START when did richard lazarus die? END
START who wrote 'what is an emotion?'? END
START who published what is an emotion?: classic and contemporary readings? END
START what is nico frijda's nationality? END
START what theory wasn't developed by arnold? END
START when did richard lazarus work? END
START  who wrote 'what isn't an emotion?'? END
START who published what isn't an emotion?: classic and contemporary readings? END
START when did the word emotion enter the english language? END
START from what french word is emotion derived? END
START what does mouvoir mean in english? END
START prior to the introduction of the word emotion, what word was used in its place? END
START along with anxiety, what is an example of directionless emotion? END
START when did the word emotion leave the english language? END
START from what english word is emotion derived? END
START  what does mouvoir mean in italian? END
START prior to the introduction of the word emotion, what word wasn't used in its place? END
START  along with anxiety, what is not an example of directionless emotion? END
START what is the thalamus a part of? END
START who argued that an emotional stimulus triggered experiential and physiological responses to emotions at the same time? END
START what creatures did bard experiment on? END
START along with sensory and motor information, what information had to pass through the diencephalon before being processed? END
START what is the thalamus not a part of? END
START who argued that an unemotional stimulus triggered experiential and physiological responses to emotions at the same time? END
START  what creatures did bard never experiment on? END
START  along with sensory and motor information, what information had to pass through the diencephalon after being processed? END
START who wrote the passions, emotions and the meaning of life? END
START in what year was the passions, emotions and the meaning of life published? END
START what does solomon believe emotions to be? END
START whose theory discussed action tendencies? END
START the idea that judgment can't be identified with emotion is an objection to what school of thought? END
START  who sang the passions, emotions and the meaning of life? END
START in what year was the passions, emotions and the meaning of life rejected? END
START  what does solomon believe emotions not to be? END
START  whose theory didn't discuss action tendencies? END
START the idea that judgment can be identified with emotion is an objection to what school of thought? END
START who researched the role of emotional phenotype temperaments on social connectedness? END
START from where do zygotes derive their genetic information? END
START what percentage of difference is there between the genetic material of humans and the genetic material of chimpanzees? END
START how many million years ago did the evolution of chimpanzees and humans diverge? END
START about how long ago did modern human beings first come into existence? END
START who rejected the research on the role of emotional phenotype temperaments on social connectedness? END
START  from where don't zygotes derive their genetic information? END
START  what percentage of similarity is there between the genetic material of humans and the genetic material of chimpanzees? END
START  how many hundred years ago did the evolution of chimpanzees and humans diverge? END
START  about how long ago did modern human beings not come into existence? END
START along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion often tied to? END
START what do some theories see as an important part of emotion? END
START along with sweating and muscle tension, what might be a physiological response to danger? END
START sweating is a product of the arousal of what system? END
START along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion never tied to? END
START  what do some theories see as an unimportant part of emotion? END
START along with sweating and muscle tension, what might be a non-physiological response to danger? END
START  sweating is a not product of the arousal of what system? END
START who described the concept of a continuum of intensity? END
START what is michael graham's profession? END
START what is an example of an extreme form of fear? END
START what would be an example of mild shame? END
START what are non-intense feelings that lack a contextual stimulus called? END
START who described the concept of a non-continuum of intensity? END
START  what is michael graham's interest? END
START  what is not an example of an extreme form of fear? END
START  what would be an example of middle shame? END
START  what are intense feelings that lack a contextual stimulus called? END
START who has argued that emotions are discrete? END
START how many basic emotions did ekman recognize? END
START along with anger, disgust, happiness, sadness and fear, what is one of ekman's basic emotions? END
START who has agreed that emotions are discrete? END
START  how many non-basic emotions did ekman recognize? END
START along with anger, disgust, happiness, sadness and fear, what isn't one of ekman's basic emotions? END
START what school of thought saw emotion as an impediment to virtue? END
START what thinker believed that emotions were necessary for virtue? END
START what did the aristotelians call emotions? END
START who was a notable scholastic thinker? END
START along with descartes, machiavelli and hume, what notable philosopher developed a theory of emotions? END
START what school of thought saw emotion as not an impediment to virtue? END
START  what thinker believed that emotions weren't necessary for virtue? END
START  what did the aristotelians not call emotions? END
START  who wasn't a notable scholastic thinker? END
START who wrote that exciting facts lead to emotions? END
START what did james believe a stimulus act upon to produce emotion? END
START what did james believe emotion was synonymous with? END
START who developed a theory similar to that of james? END
START what was the profession of lange? END
START who wrote that exciting facts don't lead to emotions? END
START  what didn't james believe a stimulus act upon to produce emotion? END
START  what did james believe emotion wasn't synonymous with? END
START  who didn't develop a theory similar to that of james? END
START what historical school claims that sentiments and meta-emotions can be learned? END
START according to the constructivists, what is an example of a learned meta-emotion? END
START along with germany, england, spain and australia, where has a research center on the history of emotions recently opened? END
START along with class and race, what is regarded as an essential category of historical analysis? END
START what historical school claims that sentiments and meta-emotions can't be learned? END
START according to the constructivists, what isn't an example of a learned meta-emotion? END
START along with germany, england, spain and australia, where hasn't a research center on the history of emotions recently opened? END
START along with class and race, what isn't regarded as an essential category of historical analysis? END
START whose work did the theory of stanley schachter build on? END
START what did gregorio maran inject his patients with? END
START what was the nationality of gregorio maran? END
START who was a notable student of  stanley schachter? END
START in what year was the book gut reactions by jesse prinz published? END
START  whose work didn't the theory of stanley schachter build on? END
START  what did gregorio maran not inject his patients with? END
START  what wasn't the nationality of gregorio maran? END
START  who was a notable teacher of stanley schachter? END
START in what decade did sociologists focus on the social relevance of emotion? END
START what emotions did cooley regard as of paramount social importance? END
START who studied rage and shame cycles in married couples? END
START who developed the social bond theory? END
START along with cooley, from whose work did scheff derive social bond theory? END
START in what decade didn't sociologists focus on the social relevance of emotion? END
START what emotions didn't cooley regard as of paramount social importance? END
START  who studied rage and shame cycles in un-married couples? END
START  who rejected the social bond theory? END
START along with cooley, from whose work did scheff not derive social bond theory? END
START what is the term for the strategies used by people to influence their emotional experiences? END
START what type of strategy involves avoiding a situation where unwanted emotions might be experienced? END
START rational emotive behavior therapy is an approach used by what psychotherapy schools? END
START what sort of therapy might examine emotions based on components of facial expressions? END
START what is the term for the strategies not used by people to influence their emotional experiences? END
START what type of strategy involves avoiding a situation where wanted emotions might be experienced? END
START rational emotive behavior therapy is not an approach used by what psychotherapy schools? END
START  what sort of therapy might not examine emotions based on components of facial expressions? END
START what system was examined to develop the neurobiological explanation of human emotion? END
START what classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline belong to? END
START what chemicals may mediate emotions? END
START reactive responses are present in the brains of what animals? END
START the neurobiological explanation is specific to what types of brains? END
START what system wasn't examined to develop the neurobiological explanation of human emotion? END
START what classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline not belong to? END
START  what chemicals do not mediate emotions? END
START  reactive responses aren't present in the brains of what animals? END
START  the neurobiological explanation isn't specific to what types of brains? END
START what discipline studies the role of emotions in neural mechanisms? END
START what fields studies the role of emotions in the treatment of human mental disorders? END
START what profession studies the role of emotions in providing holistic health care? END
START what is affective neuroscience a sub-field of? END
START what field studies the relationship between emotion and learning? END
START what discipline doesn't study the role of emotions in neural mechanisms? END
START what fields studies the role of emotions in the treatment of non-human mental disorders? END
START what profession studies the role of emotions in providing non-holistic health care? END
START  what is affective neuroscience not a sub-field of? END
START  what field doesn't study the relationship between emotion and learning? END
START who came up with the interaction ritual theory? END
START from what work of durkheim's was interaction ritual theory derived? END
START in addition to durkheim, whose work influenced the development of interaction ritual theory? END
START what is the term for a feeling of confidence to take action? END
START what is the term for the energy generated during group gatherings, such as totemic rituals? END
START who rejected the interaction ritual theory? END
START from what work of durkheim's wasn't interaction ritual theory derived? END
START in addition to durkheim, whose work didn't influence the development of interaction ritual theory? END
START  what is the term for a feeling of confidence to not take action? END
START what is the term for the energy not generated during group gatherings, such as totemic rituals? END
START of what discipline is affective computing a branch? END
START what is the foundational document of affective computing? END
START in affective computing, what devices are used to collect data about the physical state of a user? END
START how does emotional speech processing determine a user's emotional state? END
START  of what discipline isn't affective computing a branch? END
START  what isn't the foundational document of affective computing? END
START in affective computing, what devices aren't used to collect data about the physical state of a user? END
START how does emotional speech processing determine a user's non-emotional state? END
START along with subjective experience, cognitive processes, expressive behavior and psychophysiological changes, what is another notable emotional component? END
START with what emotional component did william james identify emotion? END
START what emotional component did behaviorists identify emotion with? END
START what academics identified emotions with physiological changes? END
START who discussed emotions in the context of expressive body actions and cultural labels? END
START along with subjective experience, cognitive processes, expressive behavior and psychophysiological changes, what is another notable unemotional component? END
START with what unemotional component did william james identify emotion? END
START what emotional component did behaviorists not identify emotion with? END
START  what academics did not identify emotions with physiological changes? END
START who discussed emotions out of the context of expressive body actions and cultural labels? END
START what model of emotion was developed by scherer? END
START how many important emotional elements are present in the components processing model? END
START what processes drive the other components processing model processes? END
START what model of emotion was undeveloped by scherer? END
START how many unimportant emotional elements are present in the components processing model? END
START what processes don't drive the other components processing model processes? END
START what do psychologists use to visually map emotional experiences? END
START along with valence, what is the other of the two dimensions used to map emotional experiences? END
START what is the term for the feeling of energy or enervation created by an emotional experience? END
START what is the term for the degree to which an emotional experience feels positive or negative? END
START what component of emotion provides its perceived energy? END
START  what do psychologists use to non-visually map emotional experiences? END
START along with valence, what is the other of the three dimensions used to map emotional experiences? END
START what isn't the term for the feeling of energy or enervation created by an emotional experience? END
START what is the term for the degree to which an non-emotional experience feels positive or negative? END
START  what component of non-emotion provides its perceived energy? END
START who argued that emotional responses compete with instinct and reason? END
START what technology has allowed for research into the earlier-evolved parts of the brain? END
START along with ledoux, who was a notable neurological brain researcher? END
START in what decade did damsio and ledoux do notable work? END
START who argued against emotional responses compete with instinct and reason? END
START what technology has disallowed for research into the earlier-evolved parts of the brain? END
START along with ledoux, who wasn't a notable neurological brain researcher? END
START  in what decade did damsio and ledoux do unnotable work? END
START along with cropanzano, who developed a communication-based theory of emotional experience? END
START when did weiss and cropanzano publish their work? END
START what context did the theory of weiss and cropanzano pay particular attention to? END
START who did beal write "reflections on affective events theory" with? END
START where was "reflections on affective events theory" published? END
START along with cropanzano, who did not develop a communication-based theory of emotional experience? END
START  when did weiss and cropanzano reject their work? END
START what context did the theory of weiss and cropanzano not pay any attention to? END
START  who did beal draw "reflections on affective events theory" with? END
START what parts of reptiles respond to sensory cues? END
START what is the principal sense of night-active mammals? END
START why were early mammals active at night? END
START what developed from the mammalian odor pathways? END
START how do the olfactory lobes of mammals compare in size to those of reptiles? END
START what parts of reptiles don't respond to sensory cues? END
START  what is the principal sense of morning-active mammals? END
START  why were early mammals active in the morning? END
START  what developed from the mammalian sonic pathways? END
START how do the olfactory lobes of mammals not compare in size to those of reptiles? END
START what model described the opposite of approach as moving away? END
START what model described the opposite of approach as unmoving but with resistance and strength? END
START according to the action tendency model, the opposite of approach is described as unmoving with what? END
START along with behavioral inhibition, research on what trait resulted in support for the action tendency model? END
START what model did not describe the opposite of approach as moving away? END
START what model described the same approach as unmoving but with resistance and strength? END
START according to the action tendency model, the similar approach is described as unmoving with what? END
START along with behavioral inhibition, research on what trait did not result in support for the action tendency model? END
START in what economics sub-field are emotions discussed? END
START what is a notable political science subfield where emotions are analyzed? END
START along with criminal law, what facet of law considers evidence related to emotion? END
START along with sociology and behavioral sciences, what discipline informs the field of criminology? END
START along with risk perception, what do economists study emotion in relate to? END
START in what economics sub-field are emotions not discussed? END
START what is not a notable political science subfield where emotions are analyzed? END
START along with criminal law, what facet of law doesn't consider evidence related to emotion? END
START along with sociology and behavioral sciences, what discipline does not inform the field of criminology? END
START what emotion do many cultures discourage in women? END
START some cultures attempt to regulate what emotion in boys? END
START the open expression of what emotion is generally frowned upon in most cultures? END
START what social institution is associated with the emotion of love? END
START what emotion do political campaigns appeal to in regard to terrorism? END
START what emotion do many cultures encourage in women? END
START  some cultures attempt to regulate what emotion in women? END
START the open expression of what emotion is generally accepted in most cultures? END
START  what social institution is not associated with the emotion of love? END
START what emotion do political campaigns not appeal to in regard to terrorism? END
START when was everton admitted as a member of the premier league? END
START what year did howard kendall return to manage everton? END
START who replaced howard kendall as everton's manager? END
START what year did former everton player joe royle take over managing the club? END
START what was the score in the first everton game managed by joe royle? END
START who was everton's first manager after founding the premier league? END
START in what year did howard kendall start his first stint managing everton? END
START in what year was mike walker made everton manager? END
START what was the score of howard kendall's first game managing everton? END
START what was the score of mike walker's first game managing everton? END
START when was the tower constructed? END
START for what purpose was the tower first used? END
START on what road is the tower located on? END
START what is the everton club motto? END
START what does the everton club motto, "nil satis nisi optimum," mean in english? END
START in what year were the two laurel wreaths first laid at the tower? END
START who was responsible for building the tower? END
START in what year did football first get played professionally in everton? END
START who wrote the motto, "nil satis nisi optimum"? END
START in what year was the college of arms established in london? END
START what is the name of the theme song that players walk out to on everton matchdays? END
START where did "johnny todd"--the theme song for everton matchdays--originate? END
START what year did the everton players walk out to a song other than "johnny todd"? END
START what was the reaction of the crowd to the everton replacement theme songs in 1994? END
START what song did the everton club replace its player walkout theme with in august 1994? END
START in what year was "bad moon rising" released? END
START in what year was "get ready for this" released? END
START which musician wrote "bad moon rising"? END
START who wrote "get ready for this"? END
START in what year z-cars have "johnny todd" become its theme song? END
START how many seasons out of the last 114 has everton been in england's top tier? END
START how many other teams have played all 22 seasons in the premier league since its inception? END
START when was the premier league established? END
START what match has been played the most since the inception of the premier league? END
START how many games has everton played against aston villa? END
START how many seasons of football has chelsea played? END
START how many games has arsenal played against everton? END
START in what year was chelsea's football team established? END
START in what year did everton play its first game against aston villa? END
START how many seasons has liverpool played? END
START when was the everton club founded? END
START in what decade did everton experience a revival? END
START how many league championships did everton win in the 1960s? END
START when was everton's most recent trophy awarded? END
START what nickname is used for everton's club supporters? END
START who won the football league's first league championship? END
START in what decade did world war two occur? END
START who were the first european cup winners? END
START in what year did everton win its first fa cup? END
START who won the fa cup in 1985? END
START in what season did everton win their fourth league title? END
START in what year did everton win their second fa cup? END
START what was the score in the final game that everton won its second fa cup in 1993 against manchester city? END
START in what season did everton win its fifth league title? END
START what was the record number of goals everton had that promoted the team? END
START what was the score of the final game that resulted in everton winning its fourth league title? END
START in what year did manchester city win its first league title? END
START what was the score of the final game that resulted in everton winning its fifth league title? END
START in what year did manchester city first compete? END
START when did the everton club board fire smith? END
START who replaced smith as manager of the everton fc in 2002? END
START in what place did the everton fc place in the 2004-05 season? END
START where did everton fc place in the 2009 fa cup final? END
START what was smith's first name? END
START who eliminated everton from the uefa cup during the 2004-2005 season? END
START besides everton who was one of the runners-up for the 2009 fa cup final? END
START who coached middlebrough in 2002? END
START what was everton's finish spot in 1996? END
START when did everton fc launch their new crest? END
START what company did critics suggest pressured everton fc to change their crest? END
START how was the everton fc's crest redesign received by fans? END
START what percentage of fans had a negative reaction to everton fc's crest redesign in 2013? END
START how many people signed a petition in protest of everton fc's crest redesign in 2013? END
START what was the approval rating of the original everton crest? END
START in what month did the 2014-15 season begin for everton? END
START what percentage of people had a positive response to the new crest, as opposed to those who were negative or indifferent? END
START how many votes were there in total on the everton fan site about the new crest? END
START what executive issued the apology for everton? END
START in which park did everton fc originally play? END
START where was the new liverpool fc stadium located in 1879? END
START who donated land to everton fc in 1882? END
START who was the chairman of the everton fc in 1892? END
START where did everton fc relocate their games to in 1892? END
START what was the name of the stadium at priory road? END
START what was the name of the stadium in anfield? END
START in what year did john houlding become everton's chairman? END
START in what city is goodison park? END
START in what year was the stadium built at priory road? END
START how many seats did the proposal for the new everton stadium feature in 2000? END
START how much money did everton fc need to generate for a half-stake in the new stadium project in 2000? END
START in what year did the liverpool city council reject everton fc's new stadium proposal? END
START in what year did liverpool announce that they would build their own stanley park stadium? END
START what team did everton fc consider sharing grounds with around the year 2000? END
START how many people could everton's stadium seat in 1996? END
START how many could have sat at the proposed stadium on stanley park? END
START what percentage of the costs for the proposed stadium was liverpool f.c. able to raise? END
START how much money did everton need to raise for the proposed stadium deal with liverpool f.c.? END
START in what month in 2000 was the proposal submitted for the new stadium? END
START what place did everton fc rank in highest average attendance in the premier league in the 2008-09 season? END
START where does the majority of everton's matchday support hail from? END
START what is the name of everton's official supporters club? END
START where can you find fanzines sold on everton match days? END
START where is liverpool f.c.'s support heartland? END
START what's the official supporters club for liverpool f.c.? END
START in what part of liverpool is goodison park? END
START what was liverpool f.c.'s rank for average attendance? END
START what city in ireland do many everton fans come from to attend their games? END
START who is the current manager of the everton football club? END
START how many caretaker managers have their been in the everton fc's history? END
START who was the everton fc team's longest serving manager? END
START when did harry catterick manage the everton football club? END
START which everton manager won the most domestic and international trophies during his time? END
START in what year did roberto martinez become the current manager of everton? END
START in what year did everton have its first caretaker manager? END
START who has been everton's shortest serving manager? END
START in what year did howard kendall win his first division one championship? END
START in what year did howard kendall earn his first charity shield? END
START in what year did everton's second successful era begin? END
START who was the manager when everton's second successful era began in 1961? END
START in what year did everton win the fa cup in a 3-2 win over sheffield? END
START in what year did everton lose the fa cup final to west bromwich albion? END
START what was the last year that harry catterick managed everton? END
START what was the score of the first everton game harry catterick managed? END
START what was the score of the final game between everton and west bromwich albion in 1968? END
START who coached everton during the 1969-70 season? END
START who coached everton during the 1966-67 season? END
START where did a group of fans demand that everton remain within the city boundaries of? END
START in what year was it revealed that everton had entered talks to build a new 55,000 seat stadium in kirkby? END
START who did everton enter talks with to build a new 55,000 seat stadium in kirkby? END
START what percentage of fans were supportive of everton's plans to build a new stadium in 2006? END
START how many supporters voted on the ballot? END
START what was one of the local councils that opposed the planned stadium? END
START how many people were in the group of fans that wanted everton to stay inside the liverpool city boundaries? END
START on what date was the ballot held? END
START how many travelling fans did everton bring with them to benefica in 2009? END
START how does the everton fc promote fans to purchase away tickets? END
START in what year did everton take 7,000 travelling fans with them to an away game? END
START aside from 2009, in what year did everton fc bring the most fans with them to an away game? END
START how many of everton's travelling fans attended the 1985 european  cup winner's cup final? END
START how many season ticket holders does everton have? END
START how many travelling fans usually attend benfica's games? END
START in what year did everton start its loyalty points scheme? END
START in what month was the 1985 european cup winners' cup final held? END
START who holds a majority of the shares in the everton fc? END
START what is the everton fc's overdraft with barclays bank secured against? END
START what is the premier league's "basic award fund" for? END
START how much money did everton fc borrow from bear stearns and prudential in 2002? END
START how long does everton fc have to pay back 30 million they borrowed from bear stearns and prudential?  END
START how much profit did everton f.c. have in 2002? END
START how much debt was consolidated in 2002 by everton? END
START how much collateral is there on goodison park? END
START in what month in 2002 did everton agree to a long-term loan? END
START how big is everton's overdraft with barclays bank? END
START who is the everton football club's biggest rivals? END
START what derby does everton fc contest against liverpool? END
START in what year was the liverpool football club established? END
START where did everton fc move to that began their rivalry with liverpool? END
START the merseyside derby is also known as? END
START in what year was the merseyside derby first held? END
START what color does everton fans wear? END
START what color does liverpool fans wear? END
START in what year was everton established? END
START in what year did everton move to goodison park? END
START what player holds the everton football club record for most appearances? END
START who currently holds the record for the most league clean sheets during a season? END
START which former captain made 534 appearances with the everton football club? END
START who was the longest serving goalkeeper for the everton fc? END
START how many years did ted sagar play for the everton football club? END
START what nationality is neville southall? END
START in what year did neville southall get the record for the most league clean sheets during a season? END
START in what year did brian labone join everton? END
START how many appearances did the american goalkeeper tim howard have? END
START in what year did dixie dean join everton? END
START how many fans were in attendance during everton's match against liverpool on september 18, 1948? END
START how many fans were injured in everton's 1948 match against liverpool that drew the largest crowd they've had? END
START who was injured during everton's record attendance match against liverpool in 1948? END
START how many people does goodison park stadium hold? END
START how much did everton fc pay to transfer belgian forward romelu lukaku? END
START what's the smallest attendance ever for an everton home match against liverpool? END
START in what year was the taylor report recommendations implemented? END
START what was romelu lukaku's highest pay for one season? END
START how much did it cost to build goodison park? END
START in what year was goodison park built? END
START what was the name of everton's professional basketball team? END
START in which league do the everton tigers compete? END
START when was the everton tigers team launched? END
START where do the everton tigers play their home games? END
START when did the everton tigers win the bbl cup? END
START in what year was everton f.c. launched? END
START what league does everton f.c. play in? END
START who won the first bbl cup? END
START where does everton play its football games? END
START what is the name of the chilean team that has ties to the everton fc? END
START when did the two everton football clubs (english and chilean) face off against one another? END
START who organized the friendly match between the english and chilean everton football clubs in 2010? END
START what us city also has an everton football team? END
START on what date was everton's california team established? END
START in what year was the ruleteros society founded? END
START in what year did cork, ireland's everton team first play? END
START what is the name of the california everton team? END
START what is the name of the everton team in rio cuarto? END
START what year did the everton fc release their uk pop song "the boys in blue"? END
START what position did the song "here we go" by the everton fc peak at on the uk pop charts in 1985? END
START what was the name of the song that the everton football club released in 1986? END
START who originally sang the song "all together now" that was reworked and released by everton football club in 1995? END
START how many times has the everton fc entered the uk pop charts? END
START in what year did the farm release their first album? END
START who performed "the boys in blue"? END
START who performed "here we go"? END
START which band released "everybody's cheering the blues"? END
START in what year did the farm perform "all together now"? END
START who temporarily replaced joe royle as club captain after he resigned? END
START in what year was howard kendall appointed manager of the everton fc for the third time? END
START who took over for howard kendall after his third attempt at managing the everton fc was unsuccessful? END
START how many successive finishes did walter smith manage for the everton fc? END
START what rank did everton place in the 1997 premiership league? END
START in what season did heysel stop managing everton? END
START in what year did howard kendall first manage everton? END
START in what year did howard kendall manage everton for the second time? END
START during what season was dave watson made club captain? END
START who managed the bolton wanderers during the 1995-96 season? END
START what year did the everton football club "go blue"? END
START how did steve bloomer describe everton's style of play in 1928? END
START what is everton football club's semi-official club nickname? END
START what was everton's nickname when they wore black before 1901? END
START what was everton football club called after winning the 1995 fa cup? END
START who did steve bloomer play for during his career? END
START in what year did david moyes arrive as manager of everton? END
START who came up with the nickname "the blues"? END
START what team did steve bloomer manage later in his career? END
START what is the name of the english language's earliest form? END
START in what parts of scotland was old english spoken? END
START in what historical period was old english spoken? END
START what people brought old english to britain? END
START what language developed from old english? END
START what is the oldest form of anglo-saxon? END
START what language first developed in great britain during the middle ages? END
START who came to great britain in the 500's? END
START what writing dates back to the mid 700's? END
START along with west saxon, northumbrian and mercian, what was one of the four main dialects of old english? END
START what is a term that collectively refers to northumbrian and mercian? END
START geographically, what river was northumbria north of? END
START what river was the mercian region south of? END
START which of the old english dialects covered the smallest geograhical region? END
START what were the four main dialects of old german? END
START what two dialects were replaced with anglian? END
START what region was south of the thames and north of the humber river? END
START what region has the most literary remains? END
START from what language did old english borrow some words? END
START what individuals introduced the latin alphabet to the speakers of old english? END
START before the introduction of the latin alphabet, how was old english written? END
START after the norman conquest, latin words entered english via what language? END
START in what year did the norman conquest occur? END
START what contains loan words from western europe? END
START when were words borrowed from the germanic languages? END
START when did english influence latin words? END
START who introduced the irish language? END
START what type of gender did old english nouns possess? END
START what type of gender is present in modern english nouns? END
START what was a masculine word in old english? END
START what was a feminine word in old english? END
START what was the grammatical gender of the old english word for wife? END
START what did not have a gender in old english? END
START what is used to show gender in modern english? END
START what type of noun refers to a female person in modern english? END
START when the latin alphabet was introduced to old english, what letter was the same as v? END
START along with k and z, what latin letter was not used in old english? END
START what is the term for the letter ? END
START what number was the tironian note visually similar to? END
START what was the term for the letter ? END
START what was originally used to mark long vowels? END
START what were most letter pairs used for? END
START what is regarded as the greatest literary work in old english? END
START about how many lines was beowulf? END
START who was hrothgar a descendant of? END
START who adopted hrothgar's ancestor? END
START what is the longest old english work? END
START where was hrothgar found as a baby? END
START beowulf is typical of what prose? END
START to what language group does old english belong? END
START along with old saxon, what language is closely related to old english? END
START to what modern language is old english similar? END
START in what century did the latin alphabet replace the runic system in old english writing? END
START what other germanic languages are close to modern english? END
START what is modern german very different from? END
START what replaced runic writing in the 900's END
START who was known by the nickname "the grammarian"? END
START what churchman was influential in the development of the winchester standard? END
START in what century did the winchester standard arise? END
START what is another term for the winchester standard? END
START what event led to english temporarily losing its importance as a literary language? END
START what standard was established in the 1000's? END
START what replaced the classic form of old english? END
START who influenced literary standards in the 1000's? END
START what writer helped develop the winchester standard? END
START for about how many years was old english used? END
START in what century was old english first used? END
START in what century did old english cease to be used? END
START according to albert baugh, what was the period in which old english was used? END
START about what percentage of old english words are not present in modern english? END
START where did anglo-saxons settle in the 500's? END
START what language stopped being used in britain during the 1100's? END
START who claims old english was in use for from 450 to 1150 years? END
START 85% of what language is still in use today? END
START from what old english dialect is the standard for of modern english descended? END
START from what old english dialect did scots derive? END
START what modern dialect is sometimes regarded as being similar to that of the historical kingdom of wessex? END
START along with centralization, what reason is given for the lack of records in non-wessex dialects after the unification of alfred? END
START what dialects disappeared after alfred's unification? END
START what scholars lead the movement to translate texts into english? END
START what languages are descended from mercian and west saxon? END
START what was the capital of the anglo-saxon kingdom? END
START what language influenced old english as a result of the viking invasions? END
START what language was spoken in northern england after the viking invasions? END
START between the english and scandinavian language, what elements were most different? END
START what language was influenced by english as a result of viking invasions? END
START what language replace norse in northern england? END
START what did english and scandinavian have in common? END
START what led to a simpler norse grammar? END
START what trait does old english possess that modern english lacks? END
START along with the nominative, genitive, dative and instrumental, what case did old english possess? END
START the modern english ending -'s is derived from what ending in old english? END
START in old english, noun endings vary on what basis? END
START what kind of diversity is found in modern english? END
START what were examples of morphology in old english and old norse? END
START what language had the greatest influence on english? END
START what was the name of the area in england ruled by the vikings? END
START who argued that the influence of old norse caused english to become a clearer, stronger and more direct language? END
START what parts of english grammar declined as a result of old norse influence? END
START what influence made english more of a synthetic language? END
START what language had the most impact on other languages? END
START why did the vikings stop using complicated word-endings? END
START what did the norse language gain clarity and directness from? END
START along with the present, what was a verb tense in old english? END
START what were the three moods that caused verb variation in old english? END
START along with the first and second, what person influenced verb variation in old english? END
START what is an example of a suffix used by old english weak verbs? END
START how did old english strong verbs express the past tense? END
START what does modern english use to express verbal aspects? END
START what forms the past tense in modern english? END
START what no longer indicates the past tense of weak verbs? END
START what language family does old english belong to? END
START what is another name for ingvaeonic? END
START in what century did old english first develop? END
START what anglo-saxon kingdom ruled parts of modern-day scotland? END
START what language was spoken in cornwall? END
START what germanic dialects are from the 500's? END
START who did the anglo-saxon kingdom of northuumbria belong to? END
START what language survived in cumbria until the 1200's? END
START what language replace old english in scandinavian settlements? END
START what is an important old english historical record? END
START what is an important old english religious poem? END
START what type of literary work is beowulf? END
START who is the earliest english poet known by name? END
START where did cdmon live? END
START what is the oldest surviving old english literature? END
START what is the anglo-saxon chronicle carved on? END
START what is considered the heart of world literature? END
START who are usually well known among the anglo-saxons? END
START what is another name for anglo-frisian? END
START along with the angles and saxons, what tribe spoke anglo-frisian? END
START what language family did common brittonic belong to? END
START how was the latin language brought to britain? END
START in what century did scandinavian settlement begin in northern england? END
START what germanic dialects developed from old english? END
START whose language was replaced by common brittonic? END
START what language replace common brittonic after the roman invasion? END
START what people ruled the eastern and northern parts of england beginning in the 900's? END
START what king unified the anglo-saxon realms in england? END
START what treatise was written by pope gregory? END
START when did alfred the great's reign begin? END
START in what century did alfred unify anglo-saxon england? END
START what dialect did alfred's government use? END
START who unified the anglo-saxon kingdoms in the 900's? END
START who advocated making latin the language of education? END
START what treatise did pope gregory i have translated into english? END
START what anglo-saxon king died in the 9th century? END
START along with northumbria, what kingdom was invaded by the vikings? END
START along with the part of mercia not conquered by the vikings, what other kingdom was combined with wessex by alfred? END
START what is the modern name for the west saxon dialect of alfred's time? END
START from what language was literature notably translated into west saxon? END
START north of what river in northumbria was the kingdom not overrun by the vikings? END
START who over ran most of mercia in the 900's? END
START who defended kent from the vikings? END
START what became the standard language in the 900's? END
START what language was west saxon literature translated to? END
START during what century did cnut rule? END
START what was cnut's nationality? END
START during what century did scandinavians begin to settle in england? END
START what language was a source for english loanwords that are still used today? END
START along with eastern england, what part of england contains many place names of scandinavian origin? END
START how did the norse borrow words from old english? END
START who influenced the english language starting in the 900's? END
START who ruled in the 1100's? END
START what led to more complicated grammar after the old english period? END
START what form of c, when written, contains a dot over the letter? END
START what conventional letter from the latin alphabet typically replaces the wynn from old english? END
START what letter from the latin alphabet replaces the old english insular g? END
START what latin letter is used in place of the old english long s? END
START when eth is replaced, what is it replaced by? END
START what removes some conventions from old english manuscripts? END
START what are used to indicate short vowels? END
START what kind of vowels have no distinction in old english? END
START what modern religion sometimes uses old english? END
START what hobby champions the use of old english? END
START along with tolkien, what modern scholar notably made use of old english? END
START what wikipedia project makes use of the old english language? END
START what is a term for modern texts written in old english? END
START what is one of the few languages imitated by scholars?  END
START what author promoted the active use of old english? END
START what wikipedia project translate old english texts? END
START what modern authors wrote exclusively in old english? END
START what was written using the germanic 24-character elder furthark? END
START how many anglo-saxon vowels were there? END
START what script came into use in the 900's? END
START who introduced a latin script in the 900's? END
START what writing form came into use in the 1200's? END
START what type of carrier is the largest? END
START what capability does a fleet carrier offer? END
START what purpose were excort carriers developed for? END
START what were most escort carriers built from? END
START what are the soviet aircraft carriers used by russia actually called? END
START what type of carrier is the smallest? END
START what capability does a fleet carrier not offer? END
START what purpose were export carriers developed for? END
START what were few escort carriers built from? END
START what are the soviet aircraft carriers used by germany actually called? END
START what type of aircraft carrier was the uss bogue? END
START what type of aircraft was the uss independence? END
START what advantage did light carriers have over escort carriers? END
START what was the expected serice life of the uk 1942 design light fleet carrier? END
START who did the uk 1941 design light fleet carriers serve during the war? END
START what type of aircraft carrier was the uss vogue? END
START what type of tank was the uss independence? END
START what advantage did heavy carriers have over escort carriers? END
START what was the expected service life of the uk 1924 design light fleet carrier? END
START who did the uk 1941 design heavy fleet carriers serve during the war? END
START when did russia's united shipbuilding corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier? END
START what year was the goal for russia's new carrier to achieve initial operational capability? END
START what was izvestiya? END
START where was the northern fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START where was the pacific fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START when did prussia's united shipbuilding corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier? END
START what year was the goal for russia's old carrier to achieve initial operational capability? END
START what wasn't izvestiya? END
START where was the southern fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START where was the atlantic fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed? END
START what are typically regarded as "runways at sea"? END
START what design feature do aircraft carriers feature to aid in launching and recovering aircraft? END
START where are the most notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found? END
START what is a primary reason that ships have shorter runways than land runways have? END
START what do aircraft need to do when using shorter runway lengths? END
START what are never regarded as "runways at sea"? END
START what design feature do aircraft carriers feature to hinder launching and recovering aircraft? END
START where are the least notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found? END
START what is a primary reason that ships have longer runways than land runways have? END
START what do aircraft need to do when using longer runway lengths? END
START when did conventional carriers start recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship? END
START what risk is avoided by aircraft by using an angled deck? END
START how many "waist" catapults can be installed with an angled deck? END
START how man bow cats can be installed with an angled deck? END
START what aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle flexibilty? END
START when did conventional carriers stop recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship? END
START what risk is added by aircraft by using an angled deck? END
START how many "waste" catapults can be installed with an angled deck? END
START how man bow dogs can be installed with an angled deck? END
START what aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle rigidity? END
START where are ski-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers? END
START what did ski-jump ramps allow stovl aircraft to do that they couldn't do with a flat deck?? END
START who originally developed the ski-jump ramp? END
START what does a ski-jump ramp convert in order to be successful? END
START what does the ski-jump ramp prevent a fully loaded and fueled aircraft from doing? END
START where are snowboard-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers? END
START what did ski-jump ramps stop stovl aircraft to do that they couldn't do with a flat deck? END
START who originally hated the ski-jump ramp? END
START what does a ski-jump ramp convert in order to be a failure? END
START what does the ski-jump ramp prevent a unloaded and fueled aircraft from doing? END
START what type of flight decks are aircraft carriers equipped with? END
START what purpose do aircraft carriers serve for aircraft? END
START typically, what is the capital ship of any fleet? END
START what do aircraft carriers allow naval forces to accomplish? END
START what have the old converted cruiser aircraft carriers evolved into? END
START what type of flight decks are aircraft carriers not equipped with? END
START what purpose do aircraft carriers serve for land vehicles? END
START typically, what is the capital ship of no fleets? END
START what do aircraft carriers disallow naval forces to accomplish? END
START what have the new converted cruiser aircraft carriers devolved into? END
START in what year was the advent of heavier-than-air fixed-wing aircraft? END
START in what year was the first experimental take-off of an airplane? END
START in what year were the first experimental landings of an airplane? END
START what did the imperial japanese navy wakamiya conduct in september 1914? END
START what was the first carrier-launched airstrike? END
START in what year was the advent of lighter-than-air fixed-wing aircraft? END
START in what year was the second experimental take-off of an airplane? END
START in what year were the first experimental takeoffs of an airplane? END
START what did the imperial chinese navy wakamiya conduct in september 1914? END
START what was the first carrier-launched seastrike? END
START which ship was originally known as being the capital ship of the fleet? END
START when did aircraft carriers begin being know as the capital ship of the fleet? END
START what type of carrier is capable of displacing 75,000 tonnes or greater? END
START which ships are used for carrying and landing marines? END
START what do amphibious assalut ships need a large contingent of for carrying marines? END
START which ship was never known as being the capital ship of the fleet? END
START when did aircraft carriers begin being know as the minor ship of the fleet? END
START what type of carrier is capable of displacing 57,000 tonnes or greater? END
START which ships are used for carrying and landing civilians? END
START what do amphibious assault ships need a small contingent of for carrying marines? END
START who is in the process of procuring two canbera-class lhd's? END
START how large will the two canbera-class ldh's be? END
START what is one primary role of the canbera-class ldh? END
START how many troops can be maintained on a canbera-class lhd? END
START how many helicopters is the lhd capable of launching? END
START who is in the process of releasing two canbera-class lhd's? END
START how small will the two canbera-class ldh's be? END
START what is a secondary role of the canbera-class ldh? END
START how many civilians can be maintained on a canbera-class lhd? END
START how many tanks is the lhd capable of launching? END
START what is the british navy constructing to replace their three invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the 2 queen elizabeth class ships be named? END
START when are the 2 queen elizabeth class ships due to become operational? END
START how many tonnes can the queen elizabeth class ships displace? END
START how large will the two queen elizabeth ships be? END
START what is the british army constructing to replace their three invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the 2 queen victoria class ships be named? END
START when are the 2 queen elizabeth class ships due to become unoperational? END
START how many grams can the queen elizabeth class ships displace? END
START how old will the two queen elizabeth ships be? END
START why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier? END
START what are assisted launch mechanisms primarily used for? END
START what does catobar allow for? END
START why is stovl used by other navies? END
START why do the constraints of deconstructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier? END
START what are assisted launch mechanisms secondarily used for? END
START what doesn't catobar allow for? END
START why is stovl not used by other navies? END
START what is more expensive to operate? END
START why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems? END
START what is the purpose of an arrested-recovery system? END
START what do aircraft do when landing in order to stop on a short distance? END
START what does a landing area angles off access allow an aircraft to do if if misses the arresting wires? END
START what can a "bolt" prevent an aircraft from doing? END
START why do almost all carriers using nonconventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems? END
START what is not the purpose of an arrested-recovery system? END
START what do aircraft do when landing in order to stop on a long distance? END
START what does a landing area angles off access allow an aircraft to do if it catches the arresting wires? END
START what can a "bolt" allow an aircraft to do? END
START what are 3 key personnel involved in the flight deck? END
START what are shooters responsible for? END
START what is the handler responsible for? END
START where does the captain of the ship spend most of his time? END
START who is the flag bridge area of the ship designated for? END
START what are 3 key personnel not involved in the flight deck? END
START what are shooters unresponsible for? END
START what is the handler unresponsible for? END
START where does the captain of the ship spend the least of his time? END
START who is the flag bridge area of the ship restricted from? END
START what is the disadvantage of the ski-jump? END
START what cannot launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight? END
START what do heavily laden aircraft sometimes require the assistance from? END
START why is a ski-jump not included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present? END
START how is the russian su-33 able to launch from the carrier admiral kuznetsov? END
START what is the advantage of the ski-jump? END
START what can launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight? END
START what do lightly laden aircraft sometimes require the assistance from? END
START why is a ski-jump included on mixed flight deck operations where helicopters are present? END
START how is the russian su-33 unable to launch from the carrier admiral kuznetsov? END
START why did china purchase the stobar carrier liaoning in 1998? END
START what is liaoning classifed as? END
START what is the liaoning intended to help the navy practice with? END
START why is liaoning not assigned to any of china's operation fleets? END
START why did the chinese pla navy need 4-5 years for liaoning to reach full capacity? END
START why didn't china purchase the stobar carrier liaoning in 1998? END
START what isn't liaoning classifed as? END
START what is the liaoning intended to hinder the navy practice with? END
START why is liaoning assigned to any of china's operation fleets? END
START why did the chinese pla navy need 14-15 years for liaoning to reach full capacity? END
START who started construction of a 40,000-tonne vikrant-class carrier in 2009? END
START what will power the indian-made ship? END
START what will the range of the indian-made ship be, carrying 160 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft? END
START who is constructing the indian-made ship? END
START when was the indian-made ship launched? END
START who finished construction of a 40,000-tonne vikrant-class carrier in 2009? END
START what will not power the indian-made ship? END
START what will the range of the indian-made ship be, carrying 106 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft? END
START who isn't constructing the indian-made ship? END
START when was the indian-made ship retired? END
START what were carriers used for in the early 20th century? END
START as of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there worldwide? END
START what is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the u.s. navy? END
START how many aircraft can supercarriers carry? END
START who owns the largest carriers in the world? END
START what were carriers used for in the early 19th century? END
START as of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there in the united states? END
START what is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the u.n. navy? END
START how many warcraft can supercarriers carry? END
START who owns the smallest carriers in the world? END
START what is the definition of an "aircraft carrier"? END
START how may aircraft carriers be classified? END
START who is admiral sir mark stanhope? END
START who said, "countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers"? END
START what is the definition of an "warcraft carrier"? END
START how may aircraft be classified? END
START who is admiral sir mark royal? END
START who said, "countries that aspire to strategic local influence have aircraft carriers"? END
START what type of carrier has a single definition END
START what dramatically changed naval combat in world war ii? END
START what drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as focal weapons? END
START why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns? END
START what was signalled in 1940 when hms illustrious launched an strike on an italian fleet? END
START what event showed the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters? END
START what dramatically changed naval combat in world war i? END
START what drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as secondary weapons? END
START why were carrier-launched aircraft less effective than naval guns? END
START what was signalled in 1904 when hms illustrious launched an strike on an italian fleet? END
START what event didn't show the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters? END
START what develpment produced the first large fleet ships? END
START what was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering naval aircraft? END
START what did the washington naval treaty of 1922 limit? END
START what caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers? END
START what type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1927? END
START what develpment produced the first small fleet ships? END
START what was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering civilian aircraft? END
START what did the washington naval treaty of 1920 limit? END
START what caused modern aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers? END
START what type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1972? END
START what does emals stand for? END
START who developed emals? END
START what do emals enable the launching of? END
START who was impressed by the demonstration of emals by general atomics? END
START how many in-service aircraft carriers are aimed for with emals? END
START what does meals stand for? END
START who didn't develop emals? END
START what do emals disable the launching of? END
START who wasn't impressed by the demonstration of emals by general atomics? END
START how many out of service aircraft carriers are aimed for with emals? END
START what was the august 2013 launching ceremony in yokohama held for? END
START how many helicopters can simultaneously land on japan's largest military ship? END
START how long is japan's largest military ship? END
START how many troops can japan's largest military ship carry? END
START how much does japan's largest military ship weigh? END
START what was the august 2013 launching ceremony in toyko held for? END
START how many helicopters can simultaneously land on china's largest military ship? END
START how long is japan's largest civilian ship? END
START how many troops can japan's smallest military ship carry? END
START how much does japan's smallest military ship weigh? END
START what will some of the current us fleet of nimitz-class carriers be replaced with? END
START which feature of the new ships will replace the old steam catapults? END
START when is the uss enterprise scheduled to be decommissioned? END
START how much does the gerald r. ford-class carrier weigh? END
START how much does the america-class amphibious assault ship weigh? END
START what will some of the current un fleet of nimitz-class carriers be replaced with? END
START which feature of the new ships will replace the old nuclear catapults? END
START when is the uss enterprise scheduled to be commissioned? END
START how much does the harrison r. ford-class carrier weigh? END
START how much does the america-class amphibious peace ship weigh? END
START what type of aircraft have no need to decelerate? END
START what does the angled deck separate the recovery operation area from? END
START what does v/stol refer to? END
START what capability do helicopters use to move over the flight deck and land vertically? END
START what don't helicopters need because of having hover capablility? END
START what type of aircraft have no need to accelerate? END
START what does the non-angled deck separate the recovery operation area from? END
START what does v/stol not refer to? END
START what capability do helicopters use to move over the flight deck and land horizontally? END
START what don't planes need because of having hover capablility? END
START what feature was pioneered on the hms hermes in 1923? END
START what is concentrated in the small area called an island? END
START other than japanese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on? END
START what was the biggest drawback to the flush deck configuration? END
START what was a major issue in the uss langley? END
START what feature was pioneered on the hms hermes in 1932? END
START what is concentrated in the large area called an island? END
START other than chinese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on? END
START what was the biggest advantage to the flush deck configuration? END
START what was a minor issue in the uss langley? END
START what is the name of the 42,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001? END
START what is the charles de gaulle the flagship of? END
START what type of missiles does the charles de gaulle carry? END
START what is another name for the french navy? END
START what type of carrier is the charles de gaulle? END
START what is the name of the 24,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001? END
START what is the charles de gaulle not the flagship of? END
START what type of lasers does the charles de gaulle carry? END
START what is not another name for the french navy? END
START what type of airplane is the charles de gaulle? END
START how many supercarriers did the u.s. fleet have following the deactivation of the uss enterprise? END
START how many new carriers per year did the house armed services seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07? END
START what class does the uss america belong to? END
START what is the uss america capable of destroying squadrons of? END
START which other carrier joins the uss america in active service? END
START how many supercarriers did the u.n. fleet have following the deactivation of the uss enterprise? END
START how many old carriers per year did the house armed services seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07? END
START what class doesn't the uss america belong to? END
START what is the uss america incapable of destroying squadrons of? END
START which other carrier joins the uss america in unactive service? END
START why have aircraft carriers increased in size since world war ii? END
START how much more displacement does the modern nimitz class have compared to the older uss enterprise? END
START why do nations risk significant political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict? END
START which era does the uss enterprise belong to? END
START why have aircraft carriers increased in size since world war i? END
START how much more displacement does the modern nimitz class have compared to the newer uss enterprise? END
START why do nations risk minimal political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict? END
START which era does the usa enterprise belong to? END
START today's aircraft carriers are so cheap that nations which operate them risk what? END
START what does lso stand for? END
START who does a conventional aircraft rely upon to moniter the aircraft's approach and transmit the data to the pilot? END
START what did lso's use to signal corrections to the pilot prior to the angled deck designs introduced in the 1950's? END
START which visual landing aids have provided information on proper glide slope since the late 1950's? END
START what are lso's still being used to do? END
START what does osl stand for? END
START who does a non-conventional aircraft rely upon to moniter the aircraft's approach and transmit the data to the pilot? END
START what did lso's use to signal corrections to the pilot prior to the angled deck designs introduced in the 1960's? END
START which visual landing aids have provided information on proper glide slope since the late 1940's? END
START what are lso's no longer being used to do? END
START what is a more fuel efficient way for stovl aircraft to take off rather than vertically? END
START what kind of aircraft are capable of taking off vertically? END
START what landing aircraft have removed the need for arresting cables? END
START what do russian carriers include for launching lightly loaded conventional fighters? END
START what do russian carriers still use to recover? END
START what is a less fuel efficient way for stovl aircraft to take off rather than vertically? END
START what kind of aircraft are capable of taking off horizontally? END
START what landing aircraft have included the need for arresting cables? END
START what do russian carriers include for launching heavily loaded conventional fighters? END
START what do russian carriers no longer use to recover? END
START what class carrier is the sao paulo? END
START who is the sao paulo currently in service for? END
START who was the sao paulo first commissioned by in 1963? END
START what did sao paulo undergo during the period from 2005-2010? END
START what setback happened to sao paula in 2012? END
START what class carrier is the pao saulo? END
START who is the sao paulo currently out of service for? END
START who was the sao paulo first commissioned by in 1936? END
START what didn't sao paulo undergo during the period from 2005-2010? END
START what advancement happened to sao paula in 2012? END
START what type of carrier is admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov? END
START when was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov first launched? END
START what was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov renamed? END
START what is unique about tbilisi? END
START what will be removed from tbilisi in order to enlarge her below decks aviation facilities? END
START what type of airplane is admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov? END
START when was admiral flota sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov last launched? END
START what was admiral florida sovetskovo soyuza kuznetsov renamed? END
START what is mundane about tbilisi? END
START what will be added from tbilisi in order to enlarge her below decks aviation facilities? END
START which class of aircraft carriers is being constructed to replace the invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the displacement be for the hms queen elizabeth? END
START when is hms queen elizabeth projected to commission? END
START when is prince of wales projected to commission? END
START who is building hms queen elizabeth and prince of wales? END
START which class of aircraft carriers is being deconstructed to replace the invincible-class carriers? END
START what will the displacement be for the smh queen elizabeth? END
START when is hms queen elizabeth projected to end? END
START when is prince of wales projected to end? END
START who is buying hms queen elizabeth and prince of wales? END
START when did two whisleblowers allege that boutris  attempted to ground southwest airlines? END
START how many planes did the faa managers allow to fly in 2006 and 2007 that were overdue for safety inspections? END
START how much did the faa propose to fine southwest for failing to inspect older planes? END
START what former chairman of the committee said it's investigation uncovered a pattern of regulatory abuse? END
START how many planes were allowed to be operated commercially although not in compliance with faa safety regulations? END
START why did boutris say peters attempted to ground southwest? END
START how many aircrafts were operated commercially that were in compliance with faa safety rules? END
START how much did southwest pay in penalties for not adopting new safety procedures? END
START how many other airlines were audited? END
START when did the aftermath of the southwest airlines inspection scandal happen? END
START who approved a mesaure to tigheten regulations concerning airplane maintenance prodecures? END
START what does the word 'customer' properly apply to? END
START how long was the "cooling off" period that the faa inspectors or supervisers of inspectors must wait before they can work for those they regulate? END
START when did the senate approve a bill to tighten regulations concerning airplane maintenance procedures? END
START what was the two year "cooling off" period for whistleblowers for? END
START what did the bill require entities regulated by the faa be called? END
START when did the unanimous decision of the house and senate to pass the bill take place? END
START what epidemic did the faa have to handle in the 1960s? END
START who now takes responsibility for aviation security? END
START when did the faa become more involved with the environmental aspects of aviation? END
START when was legislation passed that gave the agency management of a new airport aide program? END
START what is the altitude which the faa regulates over? END
START when did the faa start to regulate low altitude kite and balloon flying? END
START what epidemic in the 60's cause aviation security to be taken over by homeland? END
START whne did homeland become more involved with the environmental aspects of aviation? END
START when did the faa receive the power to set watercraft noise standards? END
START when did the caa begin to exptend it's atc responsibilities? END
START what helped atc controllers in their drive ot keep ahead of the postwar boom in commercial air transportation? END
START when did congress give the caa the task of administering the federal-air airport program? END
START what did the federal-aid airport program aim to help develop? END
START when did america enter world war ii? END
START when did the caa begin to extend it's atc responsibilities at military airports? END
START what was the first wartime program of financial assistance  aimed at promoting the development of civil airports? END
START when did congress extend it's atc responsibilities to takeoff and landing operations at airports? END
START when did radar technology become permanent? END
START when did the agency acheive a semi-automated air traffic control system? END
START when was the airline deregulation act? END
START when did the nationwide strike by air traffic controlers union happen? END
START when did the faa shift to a more step-by-step approach to providing air traffic controllers with more advanced equipment? END
START what helped operate radar in the new air-traffic control system? END
START when did the agency achieve fully automated air traffic control systems? END
START when was airline deregulation phased out? END
START what was the act that phased out airline deregulation? END
START when was the nationwide strike that forced flight restrictions but failed to shutdown the aerospace system? END
START what type of enhancement did the air traffic control system get to keep up with air traffic growth? END
START when was the air commerce act passed? END
START who was charged with fostering air commerce? END
START what new branch was created and operates under the department of commerce? END
START who assumed primary responsibility for aviation oversight? END
START who was responsible for operating and maintaining aids to air navigation? END
START who passed the air commerce act? END
START who was charged with fostering aviation oversight? END
START who believed the airplane could not reach its federal potential without legislation? END
START who was charged with the fostering of manufacturing planes? END
START what department did the aeronautic branch create? END
START when did the grand-canyon mid-air collision happen? END
START when was the federal aviation act passed? END
START what agency would now act like the caa? END
START who did the federal aviation act transfer air safety regulation from? END
START who was the faa's first administrator? END
START who did president eisenhower appoint as the faa's first administrator? END
START what prompted the the legislation act of 1956? END
START what legislation gave the caas function to the government body, the faa? END
START who was the former general to president eisenhower? END
START the approaching era of air traffic control prompted passage of what act? END
START when did the faa decide to expand passengers use of portable elctronic devices during all phases of flight? END
START what mode must mobile phones be put into? END
START what phases of flight will passengers be able to use electronic devices? END
START where must devices be put during actual takeoff and landing? END
START are short-range bluetooth accessories able to be used? END
START when did the faa begin to allow mobile phone calls during flights? END
START what paper criticized nick bilton? END
START who made regulations that phones must not be in airplane mode, with mobile service enabled and bars displayed? END
START what must be in back pants pocket during takeoff and landing? END
START when did the us dot combine major federal responsibilities for air and surface transport? END
START what did the federal aviation agency change it's name to? END
START who would the faa administrator report to? END
START who approves new programs and budget requests? END
START who is the final person to approve the budget that is submitted? END
START what did the federal aviation agency change it's name from? END
START who would the secretary of transport report to instead of the faa? END
START what agencies combined to make the federal aviation administration? END
START who did the secretary of transportation send budget requests to to be approved? END
START what was the areonautics branch renamed to? END
START when was the aeronautics branch renamed? END
START when did the buerau take over and begin to expant the atc system? END
START what were the people who used maps, blackboards, and mental calculation to ensure the safe separation of aircraft traveling between cities called? END
START what was the bureau of air commerce renamed to? END
START when did the bureau create the first air traffic control centers? END
START when was the aeronautics branch renamed to reflect it's decreased status? END
START what did the bureau used to ensure the safe travels of aircraft? END
START as personal flying increased, what did the bureau establish? END
START when did the faa change it's long-standing approach to air traffic control candidates? END
START what was now favored instead of training and experince at flight schools? END
START who could be an air traffic controller irrespective of experience now because of the rule change? END
START what did applicants now take that many of them found baffling? END
START what kind of degree do you need to be considered? END
START when did the agency switch to a system where people could be "fast-tracked" for consideration? END
START how did applicants find the biological questionnaire? END
START who switched to an open system for candidates who completed the coursework at participating colleges? END
START what retired nasa office of inspector general is outspoken about the faa? END
START how much do penalties against airlines cost per violation? END
START a heavy penalty for violating faa reulations could said to be do what? END
START what did the agency propose to find southwest airlines? END
START who used to be the inspector general for the department of transportation? END
START when did joseph gutheinz commend the agency for proposing a $10.2 million fine against southwest? END
START who said penalties against airlines that violate faa directives should be $25,000? END
START what would be considered encouraging aerospace travel? END
START when did southwest conduct mandatory inspections. END
START in what year did blackpool and blackburn become independent unitary authorities? END
START in what year was simonswood transferred from knowsley to west lancashire END
START which places were added to the new county of cheshire? END
START where were the boroughs of liverpool, knowsley, st helens and sefton included? END
START which parish was transferred from knowsley to the district of west lancashire? END
START besides greater manchester, to what other county was a part of oldham incorporated into? END
START in what year was liverpool made a part of merseyside? END
START in what year was skipton rural district made part of lancashire? END
START in addition to greater manchester, part of tameside became a portion of what other county? END
START when was sefton included as part of merseyside? END
START when did the administrative boundaries for the duchy of lancaster change? END
START what is the duchy of lancaster? END
START what does the duchy of lancaster operate as? END
START who are appointed within the duchy and county palatine of lancater? END
START who exercises the right of the crown in the county palatine of lancaster? END
START in what decade was the county palatine of lancaster established? END
START what is the other royal duchy of england beyond the duchy of lancaster? END
START when was the duchy of lancaster established? END
START what county lies to the east of lancashire? END
START how many state grammar schools are in lancashire? END
START how many state schools are in lancashire? END
START how many independant schools are in lancashire? END
START who has the largest school population? END
START who has the smallest school population? END
START how many sixth form colleges are there in lancashire? END
START how many schools are there in total in the clitheroe area? END
START what's the size of the south ribble school population? END
START in what year was the church of england established? END
START how many catholic faith schools are there in lancashire? END
START what years did the lancashire league competition run from? END
START which county was once the focal point for many professional competitions? END
START which year was the lancashire county cup abandoned? END
START what year did rugby league start? END
START when were the first games played in the st helens super league? END
START when was the first lancashire county cup held? END
START how many rugby teams are there in lancashire? END
START what super league do the blackpool panthers play in? END
START in what super league do the chorley panthers play in? END
START where was the first open competition for brass bands held? END
START what year was the first open competition for brass bands held? END
START where was david atherton born? END
START what did david atherton co-found? END
START who began their musical career as organist of salford cathedral? END
START how many local church choirs were there in lancashire in the 17th century?  END
START where was sir thomas beecham born? END
START who founded the london sinfonietta with david atherton? END
START where is the salford cathedral? END
START in what city did handel primarily perform? END
START what are the biggest cities in lancashire? END
START by the 1830's, how much of all cotton was processed in lancashire? END
START where was a center for tourist for the people of lancashire's mill towns? END
START what week was most popular to visit lancashire's mill towns? END
START when did lancashire emerge as a major commercialand industrial region? END
START in what decade was liverpool founded? END
START when did the industrial revolution start? END
START what percentage of all global trade went through liverpool in the 1830's? END
START what percentage of the cotton was milled in oldham? END
START what was the centre of tourism for those living in bolton? END
START when was liverpool and manchester removed from lancashire boundaries? END
START how many miles of land did lancashire lose to other countries? END
START what is to the north of lancashire today? END
START what is to the east of lancashire today? END
START who exercises sovereignty rights for lancashire? END
START how much land did lancashire gain from west riding of yorkshire? END
START how large is the metropolitan county of merseyside? END
START what county borders cumbria to the east? END
START when did the current duke of lancaster start his reign? END
START how big was the west riding of yorkshire prior to 1974? END
START when was the administrative county of lancashire created? END
START what is the area served by the lord-lieutenant called now? END
START where is the ancient border between lancashire and yorkshire located? END
START why is lancashire smaller than its historical extent? END
START what area is covered by the lord-lieutenant? END
START when was the city of liverpool established? END
START what county lies north of lancashire? END
START what's the main river in todmorden? END
START what county lies north of the river mersey? END
START in what year was cheshire made a county? END
START when did the county become more urbanised? END
START which part in particular became urbanised in the 20th century? END
START when was warrington added to lancashire? END
START when was southport added? END
START when was blackpool added to the county? END
START when was the county borough of liverpool created? END
START what was the county borough of st helens created? END
START what a county bureau that lies in the southern part of lancashire? END
START where does bootle lie in lancashire? END
START in what year was oldham made part of lancashire? END
START what is most of the lowland in the county devoted to? END
START what is the higer ground in the county devoted to? END
START what is in the highest ground? END
START where is the lancashire coalfield located? END
START where is beacon fell county park located? END
START what does aonb stand for? END
START what are the valleys of the river ribble used for? END
START what is the area around ormskirk used for? END
START what's to the west of the county? END
START what is cultivated in the forest of rossendale? END
START what does the duchy administer within the county palatine? END
START what serves as the county town of the county palatine? END
START when did the title of duke of lancaster merge into the crown? END
START who is the duchy administered by? END
START in what year did the title of duke of lancaster get merged into the crown? END
START when was the loyal toast first used? END
START what's the term for when legal ownership can be ascertained? END
START where does the queen primarily live? END
START how long has there been a queen in the uk? END
START what does the lancashire economy rely on? END
START which direction does the m6 motorway run? END
START what road connects preston to blackpool? END
START which road crosses the part of the county furthest south? END
START how many miles is it from lancaster to preston? END
START how far is it in miles from blackburn to preston? END
START in what geographic region of lancashire does blackpool lay? END
START how far is chorley away from the nearest county boundary? END
START what is the length of the m6 motorway? END
START where are the major settlements in the ceremonial county located? END
START where is the fylde coast? END
START which part of the county is rural and sparsely populated? END
START how many people live in lancaster and morecambe? END
START what percentage of lancashire is asian? END
START in what year was the blackpool urban area established? END
START how many people lived in preston as of 1970? END
START what percentage of the population lives in north lancashire? END
START what cities are north of preston? END
START in what year did asians start emigrating to lancashire? END
START where was pop star frankie vaughan from? END
START how many bands were active in the liverpool area in the 1960s? END
START what was the first act to break through in the uk, not from liverpool or managed by brian epstein? END
START where were freddie and the dreamers based? END
START where were herman's hermints and the hollies from? END
START when was billy furry born? END
START in what year did freddie and the dreamers get their first hit? END
START how many active bands did manchester have in the 1960's? END
START how many local bands were still in liverpool in the late 1960s? END
START what was the name of one of the band members in the beatles? END
START who was "the ballad of chevy chase" composed by? END
START where was richard sheale from? END
START what is lancashire's long and productive tradition? END
START what did the county share with it's national traditions? END
START what is the finest border ballad? END
START besides "the ballad of chevy chase" what was another composition written by richard sheale? END
START who composed "warrington ale"? END
START what is one of the local wassailing songs called? END
START what was "the ballad of chevy chase" about? END
START what type of dancing is associated with "the leaving of liverpool"? END
START when was lancashire established? END
START when was the area part of brigantes tribal area? END
START in what year did the northern parts of the country form the brythonic kingdom of rheged? END
START what is the brythonic kingdom of rheged? END
START when was the area incorporated into northumbria? END
START when did the romans enter the area of manchester? END
START when was lancaster established? END
START in what year did brigantes tribe become the brythonic kingdom of rheged? END
START in what century were roman forts first established? END
START when was the town of castleshaw founded? END
START how many people lived in lancashire in 1971? END
START what is the most populous geographic county in the uk? END
START when was the administrative county abolished? END
START what did the southern part of lancashire turn into? END
START what incorporated the furness exclave? END
START how many people like in the uk? END
START in what geographic region of lancashire is cumbria county? END
START how many people lived in merseyside according to the 1971 census? END
START how many people lived in lancashire in 1961? END
START how many people lived in cumbria after it was made into a county in 1974? END
START who was a local pioneer of folk song collection? END
START who did the most to popularize folk songs of the county? END
START who were the most influential fold artists from the region in the 20th century? END
START who do the many folk clubs today cater to? END
START what is one of the regular folk festivals called? END
START in what year was james orchard halliwell born? END
START in what year did the spinners release their first folk music album? END
START when was the first fylde folke festival at fleetwood held? END
START what city was harry boardman from? END
START where was james orchard halliwell from? END
START what is the county flower of lancaster? END
START where can the red rose of lancaster be found? END
START what is on the traditional lancashire flag? END
START what is on the official lancashire flag? END
START whos flag officially is a red rose on a white field? END
START in what century was the traditional lancashire flag established? END
START in what century was the flag institute founded? END
START in what century did montrose register the lancaster flag? END
START what was montrose's heraldic flag? END
START in what year was hugh wood born? END
START where was sir peter maxwell davies born? END
START when was the royal manchester college of music founded? END
START when was the royal northern college of music formed? END
START what did the royal manchester college of music merge with? END
START who founded the royal manchester college of music? END
START who founded the northern college of music? END
START who was the first head of the royal northern college of music? END
START in what year did harrison birtwistle receive the sir title? END
START in what year did peter maxwell davies attain the title of sir? END
START what era was 250 million to 247 million years ago? END
START what geologic climate was found in the early triassic? END
START what landmass was still unbroken in the early triassic? END
START what percentage of extinction of species had recently happened?? END
START what species had evolved after  the extinction and would become the basic predator in the triassic? END
START what geologic climate was not found in the early triassic? END
START what percentage of species growth had recently happened? END
START what landmass broke in the earl triassic? END
START what species had evolved before the extinction and would become the basic predator in the triassic? END
START what was the most rare life on earth? END
START what event produced further adaptations during  the jurassic and cretaceous periods? END
START when was the top of archosaur diversity? END
START what species spread towards the poles during the jurassic? END
START what species dominated many tree floras by the end of the cretaceous period? END
START what types of species are thought to still have been dominate until after the extinction? END
START what event stunted adaptions during the jurassic? END
START when was the bottom of archosaur diversity? END
START the temperature gradient prevented what land species growth? END
START what prevented the spread of angiosperms towards the poles? END
START what types of species are thought to have died before the extinction? END
START what event sets the boundary for the triassic? END
START what percentage of marine life died during the extinction? END
START how many terrestrial species died during the extinction? END
START what is the largest extinction of species in earth's history known as? END
START what is the possible cause of the upper cretaceous extinction event ? END
START what percentage of marine life growth happened during the permiantriassic era? END
START how many terrestrial species were created during the permiantriassic era? END
START large volcanic eruptions contributed to the expansion of what period? END
START what percent of terrestrial vertebrates became extinct on the yucatn peninsula? END
START what percentage of all genera thrived during the cretaceouspaleogene era? END
START what is the span of the late cretaceous period? END
START what weather trend ocured in the late cretaceous and cenozoic periods? END
START what climate was restricted to the equatorial areas? END
START what type of weather changes did areas outside of the tropics experience? END
START what event ended the age of the dinosaur by causing a 75% extinction? END
START what weather trend didn't ocur in the late cretaceous and cenozoic periods? END
START which dinosaur species saw its demise during the late cretaceous? END
START which water borne species brought about the extinction of the mosasaurs? END
START flowering plants died out during which period? END
START which dinosaurs help pollute the atmosphere? END
START what is uncertain about the cretaceous? END
START what atmospheric gas caused temperatures levels to be 10 degrees higher than today? END
START what was about equal across the planet? END
START during the cretaceous what climate was thought to be found in areas near the seas? END
START what did large amounts of deposited un-decomposed organic matter later become? END
START what is most volatile aspect about the cretaceous? END
START lower levels of carbon dioxide caused what? END
START the circulation of oxygen in the deep ocean may have increased during what period? END
START black shale was destroyed by what during the cretaceous period? END
START why were equatorial ocean waters too cold? END
START what was the span of the late triassic? END
START besides moderate precipitation, what weather conditions did the late triassic have? END
START when did the first dinosaurs evolve? END
START according to theory, what did climate change in the late triassic cause? END
START what was the only archosaur to survive the fourth mass extinction? END
START besides moderate precipitation, what weather conditions did the late triassic not have? END
START what lead to the demise of a certain segment of reptilian evolution? END
START what resulted in a relatively small die-out known as the triassic jurassic extinction event? END
START what survived the triassic jurassic extinction event? END
START 34% of marine life survived what extinction event? END
START what is the span of the early cretaceous? END
START what event of the early cretaceous caused the extinction of several species? END
START what species died out due to the expansion of coastal shallows? END
START what species dominated the seas? END
START what dinosaur spread to every continent? END
START what event of the early cretaceous caused the proliferation of several species? END
START what dinosaur was particularly confined to one continent? END
START what caused ichthyosaurs to thrive? END
START which species avoided the polar areas? END
START what species was most similar to crocodiles? END
START what caused the sea to rise during the jurassic? END
START rising seas and displaced waters caused what  element along the coasts? END
START pangaea beginning to break apart created what new sea? END
START what weather condition increased? END
START as humidity increased what land area decreased? END
START what caused the sea to fall during the jurassic? END
START rising seas and displaced waters destroyed what element along the coasts? END
START what weather condition became much more stable? END
START why did humidity decrease during the jurassic? END
START by how much did oceans increase in size compared to today? END
START what is the span of years for the early jurassic? END
START what feature of the climate produced a more tropical world? END
START besides ichthyosaurs and ammonites, what was the other dominate species in the seas? END
START what was the highest order of species n land? END
START what other order evolved during the jurassic? END
START what feature of the climate hindered a more tropical world END
START plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs were mostly hunted by with competitive species? END
START what species saw itself at the bottom of the race hierarchy? END
START reptiles were a submissive species during what time period? END
START crocodiles were threatened by what species? END
START at what time was tectonic formation mild? END
START where did the basic geological changes of this period occur? END
START what supercontinent split to form two smaller continents? END
START what was the northern continent split from pangaea? END
START what was pangaea's southern continent called? END
START at what time was tectonic formation especially active? END
START what was the northern continent that combined into pangaea? END
START what continent split to destroy the passive continental margin near the atlantic? END
START what destroyed the innuitian orogeny? END
START what type of animals took longer to reestablish? END
START when did recovery of these diverse animals begin? END
START how long after the permian-triassic extinction did animal recovery take to completion? END
START what dominated animal life in the triassic? END
START how many years after the extinction did animal recovery begin? END
START what type of animals were especially quick to reestablish? END
START the recovery of many species failed during what period of the triassic? END
START what animal life was most at risk in the triassic? END
START how many years of recovery did the extinction interrupt? END
START at what point did the mesozoic era begin? END
START when did the mesozoic end? END
START what kind of geologic activity occurred during the mesozoic? END
START besides climate changes, what other important activity occurred during the mesozoic? END
START when mamals appeared they remained small until what period? END
START at what point did the mesozoic era end? END
START the mesozoic was a time devoid of what activity? END
START what quickly split the supercontinent pangea into landmasses? END
START non-avian dinosaurs disappeared in what period? END
START birds devolved from what branch of dinosaurs? END
START what is the span of years of the middle triassic? END
START what continuing event began in the middle triassic? END
START during the breakup of pangaea, what sea was created? END
START from what had the ecosystem had to recover? END
START what type of animal began to flourish and become increasingly large? END
START what continuing event ended in the middle triassic? END
START in what period did pine forests mostly die out? END
START during the formation of pangaea, what sea was created? END
START pine forests brought about the demise of what insects? END
START how many years did the late jurassic cover? END
START what did the separation of pangaea cause to become extinct? END
START what is the extinction caused by the splitting of pangaea called? END
START what caused the destruction of fern prairies and increasing shallows? END
START what did the rise in sea levels open in the seaways?  END
START in the late jurassic what species survived? END
START the separation of pangaea allowed what species to thrive above others? END
START sea levels fell during what time period that spanned from 163 million to 145 million years ago? END
START the increase in sea levels closed up which sea? END
START what was the general rainfall in the triassic? END
START what could have made temperatures more extreme? END
START because of distance form the sea and wide variance in temperatures, what was the interior of pangaea like? END
START what were there periods of during the triassic? END
START what was the carnian pluvial event? END
START in what period was it consistently rainy? END
START what caused the triassicjurassic extinction event? END
START why was the carnian pluvial event especially dry? END
START what was the dominant plant species of the mesozoic? END
START what is an example of a gymnosperm? END
START what are the dominate plant species on earth now? END
START when did the ginkgo evolve? END
START what famous tree species is believed to have evolved during the mesozoic? END
START what plant species died out in the mesozoic? END
START ginkgo species died out in what period? END
START what are the most at risk species on earth now? END
START what land species died out in this period? END
START in what decade was digital telephony transmission made possible? END
START what is the minimum bit rate for compressed video and audio transmission? END
START what is an example of an early form of digital video and audio communication? END
START in what form did the first dedicated videoconferencing system appear as? END
START what company offered the first commercial videoconferencing system? END
START when did video and audio transmission come into being? END
START in november, 1984, what else was being researched? END
START what other minimum bit rate is not as widely used as videoconferencing? END
START what started to appear as the media space was expanding world wide? END
START where did the first compressed video transmission that was sold sold come from? END
START what controls the conferencing while its active on the signaling plane? END
START where does the videoconferencing system manage conferencing creation? END
START what is one example of what the signaling plane controls in a videoconferencing system? END
START on what plane does the mc operate? END
START what generates output streams from each endpoint? END
START what does the mp control while active on the signaling plane? END
START where does the system manage output streams while it is active? END
START what does the mc receive from in-conferencing controls? END
START what does the signaling plane do with information in a conference? END
START what signaling negotiations does the mp operate on? END
START what technology has become more widely available and affordable? END
START what is an example of a personal videoconferencing system tool? END
START what has made videoconferencing accessible to many? END
START videoconferencing freeware is widely available in what programs? END
START what has become more available as the availability of freeware has decreased? END
START what has having access to a webcam done for videoconferencing? END
START what has happened after internet connectivity for technology has improved? END
START what type of programs is video capture usually a part of? END
START what has made high speed internet accessible to many? END
START videophone calls are different from videoconferencing in what way? END
START what is an example of a videophone call program? END
START what term is more used today to refer to calls between two units? END
START what are videoconferencing calls now more commonly known as? END
START what is another name for videophone calls? END
START what technology serves sophisticated software clients and not groups? END
START how does increased bandwidth differ from point-to-point calls? END
START what is an example of a teleconferencing program? END
START what are software clients and multiple parties commonly called? END
START what type of call is another name for point-to-point chat? END
START in what decade did developers extend the capabilities of videoconferencing to more devices? END
START what allows people in remote locations the ability to video-conference with colleagues far away? END
START what is one example of an application that videoconferencing manufacturers have begun to offer? END
START what type of applications have videoconferencing manufacturers begun to offer? END
START what is an example of a place that videoconferencing can be used today? END
START what have moblie collaboration system manufacturers provided? END
START what has the use of video done in the 2010's? END
START what is one type of application that mobile collaboration manufacturers offer? END
START what have videoconferencing developers created for use with off shore oil rigs? END
START what does still image streaming allow? END
START what can videoconferencing offer students? END
START who can benefit from two-way communication forums? END
START what is a major barrier to videoconferencing between some communities? END
START what is one example of how students can benefit from videoconferencing? END
START what is one experience that students using videoconferencing can achieve? END
START what do geographically isolated areas provide to students? END
START who can  be brought to small schools to help students learn? END
START what will persist when teachers and lecturers are brought together? END
START what can students do through geographically isolated locations END
START who can learn from foreign language forums? END
START what company introduced the first device to help deaf people communicate through telecommunications? END
START what was the name of at&t's videophone device? END
START in what year was at&t's "picturephone" device introduced? END
START where was at&t's "picturephone" device unveiled? END
START in what decade were more efficient ways of using sign language via video-telephony developed? END
START where was the picturephone introduced in the 1990's? END
START where were universities able to communicate with each other at the fair? END
START what organization conducted research on isdn phone lines? END
START how were video codecs hampered for years? END
START what was introduced to make extensive research easier over video telephony? END
START in what industry has videoconferencing become useful? END
START on what film was videoconferencing widely used? END
START what year was the movie frozen released? END
START in what city were the songwriting team of frozen located? END
START how many months did the songwriters work on the movie via videoconferencing? END
START how has videoconferencing become useful in the songwriting industry? END
START in what industry has using different locations become useful? END
START in what year was the film industry globalized? END
START how long did songwriters work in different locations through videoconferencing? END
START on what movie were complex details of film production used? END
START what is a video-conference also known as? END
START what does a video-conference use that allows communication in live situations? END
START what is a multi-point control unit? END
START how does video-conferencing allow multiple parties to communicate with each other? END
START how many locations can one use videoconferencing for? END
START what is a web-based application more expensive than? END
START how does a videophone allow live communication? END
START what is a videophone also known as? END
START how many locations can you use a videophone in? END
START what have videophones allowed by going around traditional definitions? END
START what is one area where teleconferencing could not be used? END
START who developed the first systems to transmit slow-scan video? END
START when was the first slow-scan video systems researched? END
START what was the bit rate of at&t's picturephone? END
START what was the bandwidth of at&t's picturephone? END
START who developed the first system to transmit distance education? END
START in what area could business meetings not be used? END
START why did using business meetings to transmit slow-scan video fail? END
START in the 1950's why did the picturephone not become a success? END
START how many telephony networks were there in the world? END
START what year did one the first community service usages of videoconferencing take place? END
START what company helped in the creation of community service videoconferencing? END
START what is the videoconferencing product that both ibm and picturetel worked on? END
START what does diane in project diane stand for? END
START how many years did it take for project diane to grow? END
START where was distance education first used? END
START what was first used  in neighborhood centers? END
START what did a partnership between libraries and science museums promote in 1992? END
START in 1992 what are two places that were part of the picturetel network? END
START what did ibm corporations grow to create over the next 15 years? END
START what enables videoconferencing to connect three or more remote points? END
START what is one type of mcu bridge? END
START in what way can an mcu be characterized? END
START what feature enables an mcu to allow for multiple parties to be seen on screen at the same time? END
START where can an mcu be embedded? END
START what makes videoconferencing between continuous presence possible? END
START what is one thing that characterizes an isdn? END
START what feature lets more than one person participate in sequence? END
START what are remote points made of? END
START what is one type of simultaneous call that acts as a bridge? END
START in what one way can videoconferencing help a person? END
START what technology can be used along with videoconferencing? END
START what is another use of voip? END
START what is telecommuting? END
START what is the percentage of people who use videoconferencing a majority of the time? END
START what can time savings help people do? END
START what are face-to-face business meetings also used for? END
START what did a report based on money savings show? END
START as of june 2010 what  percentage of telecommuters used the technology frequently? END
START what are low-cost meetings also used for? END
START in what decade was internet video-conferencing made possible? END
START in what device was videoconferencing finally able to be used in? END
START in what year was cu-seeme, a desktop-based videoconferencing tool, developed? END
START in what year did the first public video-conference take place? END
START what south african city participated in the first public video-conference? END
START what was developed at cornell by seiji ozawa? END
START when did the cu-seemee take place that linked san francisco and captown? END
START what happened at a technofair in nagano, japan in real time? END
START what became possible that allowed the winter olympics opening ceremony to happen? END
START when did nagano japan take part in the first public video-conference linking two continents? END
START what is the software that performs audio and/or video compression? END
START how high can compression rates go? END
START what is one digital network through which a digital stream can be transmitted? END
START what does pots stand for? END
START what do pots do? END
START what is the core digital network used in a videoconferencing system? END
START what is the low speed application that performs compression? END
START how high can audio modems go? END
START what is transmitted through low speed applications of some kind? END
START what does an isdn convert in the audio spectrum range? END
START what profession utilizes videoconferencing technology to conduct online sessions? END
START what is one way that videocalling can be used? END
START what is a common use of conferencing technology? END
START what is one common use of tele-medical technology? END
START what is one way businesses can conduct online sessions? END
START what can diagnostic services resolve at maintenance facilities? END
START how often is the def video relay service evolving? END
START what services do inmates incarcerated in penitentiaries use? END
START what is one way that videoconferencing is useful? END
START what areas benefit especially from videoconferencing?  END
START in what us state did a rural area use videoconferencing to help reduce the number of transfers of sick infants to hospitals?  END
START how far away was the hospital from this rural area? END
START how much money did videoconferencing help this rural area save? END
START what areas make contacting nurses more streamlined? END
START how much did it cost to contact a doctor in rural ohio? END
START where did a medical center use transmission of medical images to cut costs? END
START how far away was the doctor from the rural area in ohio? END
START what allows medical centers to discuss cases across large distances? END
START in what european country has vrs services become well developed? END
START what is one of the reasons why vrs services are not in most european countries? END
START what european country is a leader in providing vrs services to its citizens? END
START what country is a world leader in providing vrs services? END
START what has become developed in germany since 1997? END
START what has the european union become a world leader in providing? END
START why are vrs services not in the united states? END
START for how long has germany offered vrs services since the 2000's? END
START where has legislation and financing become well developed in europe? END
START what year was the first hd video conferencing system displayed? END
START who produced the first high definition video conferencing system? END
START where was the first hd video conferencing system displayed? END
START what company introduced the first hd video conferencing system to the general market? END
START what was the resolution of the first hd video conferencing system? END
START in 2006, what was produced by lifesize comunications? END
START where was polycom displayed in may 2005? END
START what did lifesize communications introduce in 2006? END
START when did interlop become a popular feature? END
START what did most suppliers in the display resolution market offer in the 2010's? END
START what do systems with no mcu use in order to perform multipoint conferencing? END
START what is one advantage of using an h.323 technique? END
START what is one disadvantage of using the h.323 technique? END
START what is the h.323 technique also known as? END
START why is the video and audio of the h.323 technique higher quality? END
START what is capable of multipoint conferencing without the h.323 technique? END
START what technique is used that transmits to an mcu? END
START what is a main disadvantage of using an mcu technique? END
START what do systems that use an mcu, use for video conferencing? END
START what are the advantages of using ad-hoc multipoint calls? END
START who has the world's largest administrative judicial system? END
START what us department oversees the world's largest administrative judicial system? END
START in what year did the ssa see a 55% increase in videoconferenced hearings? END
START when did the ssa open its largest videoconferencing-only center? END
START where is the ssa's fifth videoconferencing only center located? END
START in 2010 how many hearings did the u.s. ssa conduct? END
START what did the odar do to clear its hearing backlog in august 2010? END
START in what locations has the odar opened nhc's since 2007? END
START by what percentage did the ssa's hearing backlog increase in 2009? END
START what does the nhc oversee under its odar? END
START what does duel dating use to show the date? END
START what is the old style date mean? END
START what is n.s. stand for? END
START what are new style dates? END
START why use two consecutive year dates? END
START what is used with dates to determine whether a date is correct or not? END
START what uses two different dates because of a difference in the ending date of the year? END
START which system indicates that the gregorian year has been adjusted to start on january 1? END
START which system indicates that the date that the julian date has been adjusted for length? END
START who revised the julian calendar? END
START when was the gregorian calendar introduced? END
START what calendar was used in the reform to create the gregorian calendar? END
START what holiday was the inducement to revise the julian calendar? END
START when did the first council of nicaea rule that easter be celebrated by all christians? END
START what was the julian calendar a reform of? END
START what calendar was started in the fifteenth century? END
START which pope started the julian calendar? END
START what holiday led to the revision of the gregorian calendar END
START who suggested that all christians celebrate easter on the same day during the third century? END
START what ruler decreed the change to the gregorian calendar? END
START besides part of italy, over what areas did phillip rule? END
START what was the first day selected to be the first day using the new calendar? END
START what was the last day the julian calendar was used? END
START why did the spanish colonies lag behind in adopting the calendar? END
START what king decreed the change from the gregorian to the julian calendar? END
START who was affected by philip ii's switch to the julian calendar? END
START what changed julian thursday, 4 october 1582 to gregorian friday, 15 october 1582? END
START what calendar was last used on friday, october 15 1582? END
START when did the last country to adopt the gregorian calendar start using it? END
START at what date did the first country start using the new calendar? END
START how which calendar did some countries notate the date? END
START who said that english writers usually used both dates on writings? END
START what difference in dating caused the use of double-dating documents? END
START what happened in the fifteenth century that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars? END
START what happened in the nineteenth century the gregorian calendar that made it necessary to give dates using both calendars? END
START why was it not necessary to use the dual year when giving two dates? END
START why did the year sometimes have to be double dated after 1582? END
START what did john dee note? END
START what was the percentsge of correction from the julian calendar to the new gregorian calendar? END
START what was the correction due to? END
START what change in date motivated the change in calendars? END
START to what astrological date was easter tied? END
START what was wrong in the julian calendar? END
START what percentage did the julian calendar fixed the gregorian calendar? END
START what was too short in the julian calendar? END
START what did the spring equinox motivate the church to change? END
START what did the protestant church considered to be undesirable? END
START what was first adopted by eastern orthodox countries END
START what kind of calendar is the gregorian calendar? END
START how many days are in the gregorian calendar? END
START how often is a leap day added to the julian calendar year? END
START when does the gregorian calendar omit 3 leap days? END
START on what day did both the julian and gregorian calendars add leap day? END
START what calendar is a lunar calendar? END
START when does the julian calendar omit three leap days? END
START which church still host festivals on the twenty-third in leap years? END
START what did julian reform not change about leap year? END
START when was easter sunday celebrated after the equinox? END
START what did churches do to settle the date if there was a difference?  END
START by what century had almost all churches begun celebrating easter according to the alexandrian easter? END
START on what border of the byzantine empire were the last holdouts for celebrating according the  alexandrian easter? END
START what date placement drifted increasingly off the true date on the calendar? END
START what was celebrated on the fifteenth day after the equinox? END
START in what century did all the churches adopt the alexandrian easter? END
START who noticed the equinox drift in the seventh century? END
START what did the alexandrian easter place on 25 march? END
START what did lilius first propose to correct in the calendar? END
START by how much is the julian calendar too long? END
START how much difference does the extra 11 minutes make over 400 years time? END
START on what date was the original vernal equinox set? END
START by the time of lilius where was the equinox falling? END
START who proposed lengthening the year? END
START which year was eleven minutes too short? END
START what causes an extra three days every 400 years in the gregorian calendar? END
START what was originally set as march 25? END
START what did gregory propose deleting to correct the ten day drift? END
START on what date did most european countries set the start of the new year? END
START when did scotland begin to use january 1 as the start of the new year? END
START when did the other british states and colonies set the year start date to january 1? END
START what act did britain use to implement the use of the gregorian calendar? END
START when did england finally change the tax year to 6 april? END
START what do most european countries do after they adopted the gregorian calendar? END
START what country changed the new year to january 1 during the sixteenth century END
START who changed the start of the new year to january 1 during the seventeenth century? END
START what was the name of the act that changed the start of the year and a seventeenth century? END
START what remained on march 25 in scotland? END
START attempting to use gregorian dates for earlier events  on the julian calendar should be used with what action? END
START when are events usually shown as they appeared on the julian calendar? END
START when was the battle of agincourt? END
START what other date is 25 october known for, that keeps the battle of agincourt on 25 october,1415? END
START in the julian calendar when is the start of the new year? END
START what can you extend backwards to create an accurate calendar? END
START what events are shown as they appeared on the julian calendar with the year starting as it did when they occurred? END
START what is the disputed date for st. crispin's day? END
START what started in january julian calendar? END
START why would a knuckle -space count be used to determine months? END
START a knuckle count is a month of how many days? END
START the space between knuckles is what kind of month? END
START what are held together for a knuckle-space month count? END
START what method for determining months is dependent on language? END
START what junction is counted for february? END
START how many parts did the gregorian calendar reform have? END
START what was the first reform concerning the calendar? END
START what was the second reform of the calendar? END
START what was calculated using the lunar calendar? END
START what did lilius's calendar plan to reduce in every 400 years? END
START how many parts did the gregorian reform have? END
START what calendar was changed by the julia reform? END
START what reform change the lunar cycle used by pagans? END
START who oppose the proposal for the reform? END
START whose reform included increasing the number of leap years and for centuries? END
START what calendar did turkey use before 1917 for general purposes? END
START what calendar did turkey utilize for fiscal purposes? END
START where did turkey start the fiscal year? END
START when did turkey begin to use the gregorian calendar for fiscal means? END
START when did turkey start using the gregorian calendar for all purposes? END
START who use the lunar islamic calendar until the nineteenth century? END
START who use the hegira era is a fiscal calendar? END
START what was used to set the year number? END
START what was needed because the lunar year is longer than the solar year? END
START what did turkey start using for all purposes on march 1, 1917? END
START how many days do you subtract to convert days from a calendar? END
START what does one need to remember about  the date of february 29 in the julian calendar? END
START if you need a date of four days less, what do you subtract from the julian calendar? END
START how many days you add to convert days from a calendar? END
START what is discounted when converting from gregorian to julian? END
START what you add to move from the julian calendar to the gregorian calendar? END
START what is the difference in time between the calendars? END
START with what other difference did the gregorian calendar concern itself? END
START when was the vernal equinox at the end of the third century? END
START in order to account for the full moon coming after the equinox, when was the equinox set? END
START how did the gregorian calendar set these same of the full moon not preceding easterconditions? END
START what changed the length of the calendar year from 365.2425 days to 365.25 days? END
START what was reduced by forty-eight minutes and ten seconds? END
START what was devised during the 300s END
START what was not to follow the equinox? END
START what was march 22 the latest date for? END
START when did the council of trent agree to the corrected calendar? END
START to what time did the council require the date of the vernal equinox to be set? END
START what did mathematicians of the time want to use to set the date of easter? END
START what method was used instead of computations of the sun and moon? END
START whose modified proposal was adopted? END
START what plan to the council of trent approve in the fifteenth century? END
START what did the first council of nicaea require to be restored to the one set in 325? END
START what did the first council of nicaea require alterations for? END
START what was sent to mathematicians in the fifteenth century? END
START what was adopted from the proposal of moleto END
START when were the rights to publish the calendar granted? END
START who awarded the rights to publish the calendar? END
START what problem caused the papal brief granting the right to publish to be withdrawn? END
START when were the rights to print the calendar withdrawn? END
START where were the first calendars printed? END
START who decreed the reform during the fifteenth century? END
START what was luigi lilio given exclusive rights to? END
START why was a new brief granted in september 2015 eighty-two?september END
START what year did the roman republic use for dates? END
START what event started the consular year? END
START what was the date of the consular year before 222 bc? END
START what was the date of the start of the consular year from 222 bc? END
START when did rome begin to use the julian calendar? END
START what was used as the year in the early roman church? END
START what calendar came into use in 153 bc? END
START during what period did a year used for dates not change? END
START what was marked by the date the emperor took office? END
START what other system of calculations are inherent in the gregorian calendar? END
START why is calculating the days of the gregorian calendar not simple? END
START after each country adopted the calendar how did the weekly cycle continue? END
START what was the date of adoption for the calendar? END
START what was the previous day's date by the julian calendar? END
START what is simple to do using the gregorian system? END
START what makes calgary the days of the week symbol in the gregorian system? END
START what was interrupted when the gregorian calendar was adopted in each country? END
START what ended on friday, october 5 1582? END
START who thought that the seasonal drift in the date of easter unacceptable? END
START what even is tired to the date for easter? END
START what did the church of alexandria use to calculate the date of easter? END
START where did the church of alexandria place the vernal equinox? END
START until 342 when did the church of rome think the vernal equinox fell? END
START who found the drifting and the date of the spring equinox unacceptable? END
START what did the church of rome use the metonic cycle to determine? END
START what did the church of alexandria place on march 25? END
START what did the church of rome place on 21 march END
START who was the architect of the gregorian calendar? END
START what did the architects of the calendar notice about the astronomical tables? END
START whose solution to the discrepancies of the tables would have been agreeable to astronomers? END
START when did pitatus offer his solution to the leap year problem? END
START what is the theory about leap year called? END
START what provided the sons mean latitude? END
START who noticed that the tables agreed on the time the sun passed the vernal equinox? END
START who suggested ninety-seven leap years in 400 years during the fifteenth century END
START who solution to discrepancies in the tables was not agreeable to astronomers? END
START what calendar did pitatus create? END
START what designation was added to british dates to differentiate them from countries not using the new calendar?  END
START when was the calendar act enacted? END
START with what did the calendar act align the british calendar? END
START what did the use of old style and new style cause? END
START what law did the british make to cause the use of the gregorian calendar? END
START why are old-style new style not using the british empire? END
START what did the calendar after 1752 to clarify the meaning of old-style new style? END
START what did the calendar act aligned with the british calendar? END
START what this os indicate january 1 is? END
START the gregorian calendar is an improvement over what other calendar? END
START how many days must be skipped to align the calendar with mean solar days in a year? END
START what is the approximate error for every 3,300 years? END
START what is the error rate of the vernal equinox per every 7,700 years? END
START what was the error rate in the julian calendar? END
START how does julian calendar improve the approximations made by the gregorian calendar? END
START how many years does it take for the julian approximation to have an error of one day? END
START in the julia system what is the error rate for the vernal equinox first 7700 years? END
START the julian system skips three leap days and how many years? END
START what microsoft executive was in charge of 360 development? END
START what manufacturer was enlisted to design the 360's graphics processor? END
START where did peter moor work before being recruited to help on the 360? END
START original 360 alpha dev kits used what existing system's hardware? END
START what cpu did the 360 use? END
START where is the microsoft headquarters? END
START who replaced peter moore as the president of sega? END
START what were the names of the ibm employees that hid their work? END
START how many ati developers worked on the graphic processing unit? END
START what apple hardware did alpha kits use after the launch of the xbox 360? END
START the xbox 360 pro included what size hard drive storage? END
START what was the official name of the lower-priced 360 sku at launch? END
START the xbox 360 elite eventually launched at what price point? END
START the 360 pro's original storage was replaced by a hard drive of what size in 2008? END
START what did microsoft name the sku that replaced the 360 core? END
START what was the xbox 360 core package unofficially known as? END
START what was the media remote priced at in usd? END
START how much was the xbox 360 arcade? END
START when was the core package launched? END
START what replaced the arcade package? END
START how many titles did the 360 have at launch in north america? END
START what title was the console's best seller in 2005? END
START how many copies did halo 3 sell? END
START halo 3 was released in what year? END
START other than call of duty 2, how many games sold at least 1 million copies the first year of the 360? END
START what game was released in north america but not europe? END
START what year was saints row the best-selling game? END
START how many copies did ghost recon advanced warfighter sell in 2007? END
START when did gears of war overtake halo 3? END
START how many games sold over one million copies in 2007? END
START what 3 video formats did the 360 support natively at launch? END
START support for what video format was added in 2007? END
START how are music player controls accessed by 360 users? END
START what is one feature of 360 photo slide shows? END
START what did the 2007 update remove support for? END
START when was the visual synthesizer added? END
START which type of wmv videos do not work on the xbox 360? END
START how do gamers play videos while playing games? END
START what was the name of the non-subscription xbox online gaming service? END
START what was the "color" name given to the premium version of xbox live? END
START what key feature is not supported by the free version of live? END
START which popular gaming titles have their own online service outside xbox live? END
START voice support came online with what feature addition? END
START what was xbox live free renamed as? END
START what color is associated with xbox live arcade? END
START how long was voice support down after its launch? END
START what is an example of a game that does not support multiplayer online? END
START what game with its own subscription service cannot be played using live free? END
START what is the name of the 360's online service? END
START what is the name of the feature that allows users to download games from live? END
START what can people owning both a pc and 360 do? END
START what is the name of the 360's motion sensing camera peripheral? END
START the 360's multimedia capabilities transformed it from a game console to what? END
START what was the name of the orginal xbox's streaming service? END
START what service only offered subscription services? END
START what do pcs use to stream media? END
START what is the name of the additional hard drive storage? END
START what is the name of the feature that allows live users to play game demos? END
START what was the software attach rate in the us for the 360 by march of 2008? END
START what are two prominent 360 exclusive franchises? END
START why were early multi-platform games considered superior on the 360? END
START the 360 earned 38 nominations and 12 wins from what organization in 2007? END
START microsoft hoped to have how many titles available for the 360 by the end of 2008? END
START how many games were available for the xbox in 2007? END
START how many nominations did the ps3 receive? END
START how many awards did the wii win? END
START how many games did the average person in europe have for the ps3? END
START what ps3 exclusives launched in 2006 that the the xbox 360 did not have access to? END
START what hardware defect code plagued the 360? END
START what is the flashing indicator of a general hardware error known as? END
START how did microsoft react to general hardware error problems? END
START what other error code was eventually covered by this warranty extension? END
START where did users see the flashing light error codes display on their 360s? END
START how was the e74 error recognized? END
START how many quadrants lit up with the e74 error? END
START what is another name for the e74 error? END
START by how many years was the warranty extended in 2009? END
START when was the general hardware failure first discovered? END
START what online source called the 360 the 6th greatest console of all time in 2009? END
START techradar honored the 360 by calling it what? END
START what 360 peripheral was the fastest selling consumer electronic device in history? END
START according to pc magazine, the 360 created the prototype for what? END
START what magazine ranked the 360 as the second best console of the 1993-2013 period? END
START who declared kinect as the most influential console? END
START who ranked the ps3 as the second best console between 1993-2013? END
START what did ign compare halo to? END
START who claimed the importance of the xbox 360 was its exclusives? END
START how many consoles did edge compare? END
START why was the 360 considered a market success for microsoft? END
START what problem hurt nintendo's wii console? END
START the playstation 3 originally struggled for market share for what reasons? END
START what is the successor to the 360 called? END
START which console sold the most units in the seventh generation era? END
START what was the best selling console of the sixth gen? END
START what feature of the xbox 360 collapsed? END
START when did the playstation 3 debut? END
START what features caused wii u to struggle? END
START what playstation put pressure on the xbox one? END
START what was the original user interface for the 360 called? END
START who designed this user interface? END
START the simple dashboard could be accessed by pressing what controller button? END
START how many tabs were on the 360 dashboard interface? END
START the tabs on the user interface were called what? END
START how many blades did the simplified version on the guide have? END
START who designed xbox live messaging? END
START what were the five blades on the main dashboard? END
START what was the stylized name for the gamercard called? END
START what could not be launched if the console had a disc in it? END
START what was a classic title originally offered by the xbox live arcade? END
START what was a new, original title originally available from arcade? END
START what date did the xbox live arcade launch on? END
START when was arcade live relaunched with 360 support? END
START what is the name of the online virtual arcade that launched in 2010? END
START how much did the game zuma cost? END
START what playstation game was included in 2010? END
START what games were released as part of the game room? END
START how much was castlevania: symphony sold for? END
START when was xbox live arcade decommissioned? END
START at what conventions did microsoft announce iptv support through the 360? END
START which microsoft executive announced iptv as "soon" in 2007? END
START who was microsoft's president of entertainment & devices in 2008? END
START what uk company did microsoft partner with to bring iptv to the 360? END
START what microsoft executive announced the launch of version 2.0 of mediaroom? END
START who was the president of microsoft in 2009? END
START who is the ceo of bt? END
START where is the entertainment & devices branch located? END
START when were the dvr features made available? END
START when did iptv launch beyond its initial beta testers? END
START what xbox live service allows users to buy games and downloadable content? END
START which levels of xbox live membership may access the marketplace? END
START what hardware is required to use the marketplace? END
START what virtual currency is used to make marketplace purchases? END
START prepaid cards for microsoft points are available in what denominations? END
START the marketplace is only available to which level of xbox live? END
START how are hard drives or memory units purchased? END
START what is the average price of a game? END
START what percentage of users use prepaid cards? END
START microsoft points can be used to buy what for the dashboard? END
START what was the initial launch window of the 360 console? END
START what was one adverse condition that characterized early versions of the console? END
START what were the designations of the two redesigned 360 models and when did they come out? END
START as of june 2014, how many 360s across all skus have been sold worldwide? END
START when did the xbox one launch? END
START when did the new extension of the warranty expire? END
START how many xboxes were sold from 2005-2006? END
START what company ranked the xbox one as the most influential console of its generation? END
START what historical honor does the xbox one hold? END
START what were the names of the redesigned models of the xbox one? END
START what sales figure was the 360 the first console of its generation to surpass? END
START when did the 360 surrender its lead in total sales? END
START what console eventually passed the 360 in total sales? END
START during what 32-month later period was the 360 the best selling console? END
START when did the xbox achieve 10 million units sold? END
START how many consoles did wii sell in 2008? END
START for how many months was the wii the best-selling console? END
START who announced the wii in 2008? END
START how many units did the xbox 360 sell in canada in 2013? END
START what gaming console passed the wii in 2008? END
START besides online gaming and media distribution, what other feature made the 360 influential, according to techradar? END
START how many years after initial launch of the console was kinect released? END
START besides it's features, what did kinect do for the 360 in terms of sales? END
START what is kinect? END
START when was the xbox 360 deemed the most influential gaming system? END
START what console was the fastest selling in history? END
START who considered the kinect the most influential electronic device? END
START what did xbox 360 deemphasize? END
START the xbox brand turned away from multimedia to what? END
START how did microsoft describe kinect? END
START when was kinect first announced? END
START at what event was kinect announced? END
START what was the secret code name for kinect while in development? END
START how can users utilize the kinect to interact with their 360 consoles? END
START what was the codename for project natal? END
START what is robbie bach's position? END
START whose speech first introduced the kinect? END
START what prevents older models from working with the kinect? END
START where was the ces 2010 keynote speech? END
START how did microsoft modify the architecture of the 360 to reduce failure rates? END
START what was the root cause of hardware failures with the 360? END
START when the newer 360 s models have their power buttons flash red, it means? END
START how does the 360 s then react to an overheating situation? END
START how did microsoft attempt to deal with potential heat-related expansion with gpu and cpu components? END
START the second what was removed because of heating issues? END
START which two quadrants light up on the xbox 360 s to indicate overheating? END
START the third and first quadrant turn what two colors? END
START where was extra epoxy placed on the models before the s? END
START what warranty does the 360 s include? END
START what was the name of the 360's video store service? END
START when was this video service launched? END
START when do movies rented through this marketplace expire? END
START what resolution are videos sold through this service? END
START what sound standard is supported for the marketplace videos? END
START when was video marketplace released outside of the us? END
START after how many days do tv shows expire? END
START how long do users have to stream a film? END
START how many consoles can movies be transferred to? END
START what is the bitrate for the streamed short clips? END
START how did the original xbox fare in japan in general? END
START how many original xboxes were sold in japan between 2002 and 2005? END
START between 2005 and 2011, how many 360 consoles were sold in japan? END
START what two console manufacturers dominate the japanese market? END
START lackluster sales caused japanese retailers to take what action with the 360? END
START where did the xbox sell exceptionally well? END
START how many of the original xbox sell between 2005 and 2011? END
START how many units did sony sell in 202 through 2005? END
START what console, released in 2005, did sony create? END
START when did edge report sony sales were falling? END
START how many major hardware revisions has the 360 had? END
START by what other name is the 360 s model known? END
START which skus did the 360 s replace? END
START what component of the 360 s prevents overheating issues prevalent in prior versions? END
START what video input format is not supported by the 360 e? END
START what was the appearance of the arcade model? END
START what kind of case did the elite have? END
START how many usb ports did the s model have? END
START which video format does s not support? END
START what was the color of the s model case? END
START how many launch titles did the 360 have in japan? END
START what was the name of the japanese developer that strongly supported the 360? END
START what was mistwalker's first title for the 360? END
START blue dragon surpassed this sales figure in japan? END
START what was mistwalker's second 360 title to be released? END
START which developer created chromehounds? END
START how many game pre-orders did the console have in its first year? END
START how many copies of the phantasy star universe sold? END
START how many of the original six games available in japan surpassed 200,000? END
START when was mistwalker's second game released? END
START what pc operating system is required to stream content to a 360? END
START what modified av protocol does the 360 utilize? END
START what codecs are supported for 360 streaming from ushare? END
START what video formats are supported for upnp streaming? END
START a service pack 2 or higher prevents what? END
START what type of server does a windows xp have?  END
START what is mythtv part of? END
START which formats does upnp not support? END
START the service pack number needs to be lower than what to work with xbox 360? END
START what extra features do xbox live gold members get? END
START what information does microsoft allow users to retain when transitioning live subscriptions? END
START what does a user need to do to transfer a live account to the new system? END
START what is the annual cost of a live gold membership in usd? END
START how many users are subscribed to xbox live? END
START what do users provide to get a windows live id? END
START how many users does the free version of xbox live have? END
START what does the free version have that gold does not? END
START what did microsoft force previous subscribers to change? END
START how much does a windows live id cost in usd? END
START what hardware device was merged with the video marketplace? END
START where and when was the zune hd marketplace announced? END
START the zune video marketplace was merged with what live feature? END
START what was the new name of this live video store? END
START how many countries were slated for the zune marketplace launch? END
START how many countries was e3 held in? END
START what month was e3? END
START the xbox live video store is the merger of what two marketplaces? END
START merging the zune and xbox live stores affected the release of what product? END
START when was the zune hd set to be decommissioned? END
START when did wars between britain and france in north america start? END
START what was the most important north american conflict between france and britain called? END
START what french colony did great britain conquer in queen anne's war? END
START when was the final french and indian war fought? END
START what future american founding father fought in the french and indian war? END
START when did wars between china and france in north america start? END
START what was the most important south american conflict between france and britain called? END
START what french colony did great britain conquer outside of queen anne's war? END
START  when was the first french and indian war fought? END
START what future canadian founding father fought in the french and indian war? END
START what was the biggest war the us got involved with in the early 19th century? END
START what conflict caused britain to blockade trade? END
START what uprising did britain support in north america? END
START what country was the first the us ever declared war upon? END
START what was the initial us strategy in the war of 1812? END
START what was the smallest war the us got involved with in the early 19th century? END
START  what conflict caused france to blockade trade? END
START  what uprising did france support in north america? END
START  what country was the first the uk ever declared war upon? END
START  what was the initial canadian strategy in the war of 1812? END
START who was the secretary of war who modernized the us military at the beginning of the 20th century? END
START which military academy did root help grow? END
START what military advisement committee was established by root? END
START what officer rotation doctrine was developed under root's guidance? END
START what then-us protectorate did root write a government charter for? END
START who was the secretary of war who modernized the uk military at the beginning of the 20th century? END
START  which military academy did poot help grow? END
START  what military advisement committee was established by poot? END
START what officer rotation doctrine was undeveloped under root's guidance? END
START what then-uk protectorate did root write a government charter for? END
START when world war i started, what was the official us position? END
START when did world war i commence? END
START what german war policy precipitated us involvement in wwi? END
START what year did the us enter world war i? END
START the united states built its army prior to joining the war in what way? END
START when world war i started, what was the official uk position? END
START  when did world war ii commence? END
START  what german war policy precipitated us involvement in wwii? END
START  what year did the us enter world war ii? END
START  the uk built its army prior to joining the war in what way? END
START the vietnam war was an element of what us diplomatic policy? END
START communists were defeated in what country in 1972? END
START what term did critics of the vietnam war use to describe it? END
START when did the draft end? END
START which president ended the draft? END
START  the vietnam war was an element of what uk diplomatic policy? END
START  communists were defeated in what country in 1977? END
START  what term did critics of the chinese war use to describe it? END
START  when did the draft begin? END
START  which president began the draft? END
START how many nations were against iraq in the us-led coalition? END
START what precipitated the persian gulf war? END
START when did this precipitating event take place? END
START when did hostilities in the persian gulf war begin? END
START how many us veterans of the persian gulf war have been classed as permanently disabled? END
START how many nations were against iraq in the uk-led coalition? END
START  what precipitated the american gulf war? END
START  when did this precipitating event end? END
START  when did hostilities in the chinese gulf war begin? END
START  how many us veterans of the chinese gulf war have been classed as permanently disabled? END
START in what african country did us troops participate in peacekeeping operations? END
START what was the name of the somalian warlord who directed massacres of peacekeeping troops? END
START in what somalian city did american troops become trapped? END
START how many us soldiers were killed in the battle of mogadishu? END
START what is the title of the book and movie about the mogadishu uprising? END
START in what african country did uk troops participate in peacekeeping operations? END
START what was the name of the korean warlord who directed massacres of peacekeeping troops? END
START  in what somalian city did african troops become trapped? END
START  how many uk soldiers were killed in the battle of mogadishu? END
START what is the title of the song about the mogadishu uprising? END
START when did the us send troops to the philippines to battle terrorists? END
START terrorists in the philippines were linked to what larger terrorist organization? END
START where did anti-terrorist fighting take place? END
START how many troops did the us initially send to the philippines? END
START what was the name of the philippine terrorist group the us was sent to help combat?  END
START when did the uk send troops to the philippines to battle terrorists? END
START terrorists in the koreas were linked to what larger terrorist organization? END
START  where did terrorist fighting take place? END
START  how many troops did the us initially send to the koreas? END
START what was the name of the philippine terrorist group the uk was sent to help combat? END
START what battle ended a british invasion from canada in the revolutionary war? END
START when was the battle of saratoga fought? END
START what prussian expatriate helped train the continental army? END
START what two european countries entered the revolutionary war against britain? END
START what advantage did britain lose when the european countries entered the war? END
START what battle ended a british invasion from the us in the revolutionary war? END
START  when was the battle of sorotoga fought? END
START  what prussian expatriate helped not train the continental army? END
START  what two african countries entered the revolutionary war against britain? END
START what advantage did britain win when the european countries entered the war? END
START what was the us policy when france declared war on england in 1793? END
START what treaty with england conflicted with the united states' treaty of alliance with france? END
START where did us ships and french privateers fight between 1798 and 1800? END
START what us president negotiated a truce with france to end the undeclared war at sea? END
START when was the treaty of alliance with france signed?  END
START what was the uk policy when france declared war on england in 1793? END
START what treaty with ireland conflicted with the united states' treaty of alliance with france? END
START where did uk ships and french privateers fight between 1798 and 1800? END
START what us president negotiated a truce with ireland to end the undeclared war at sea? END
START  when was the treaty of alliance with france rejected? END
START what treaty ceded territory to the us extending west to the mississippi river? END
START what three major tribes occupied these formerly british territories? END
START when was the battle of wabash fought? END
START what was the decisive battle in the northwest territories against the native population there? END
START when was this deciding battle fought? END
START what treaty ceded territory to the uk extending west to the mississippi river? END
START what three major tribes occupied these formerly french territories? END
START  when was the battle of washburn fought? END
START what was the decisive battle in the southeast territories against the native population there? END
START  when was this deciding battle postponed? END
START what dividing line separated slave states from free states? END
START when was lincoln elected? END
START how did slave states react to lincoln's election? END
START what was the first state to formally secede? END
START when did confederate forces bombard fort sumter? END
START  what dividing line separated slave states from non-free states? END
START  when was lincoln kicked out? END
START  how did slave states react to lincoln's death? END
START when did confederate forces bombard fort pumter? END
START where did the american army fight the spanish in the spanish american war? END
START the army in this war was primarily made up of what sort of units? END
START what colonies did spain hand over to the us after the war? END
START what island territory voluntarily joined the us as a colony in 1898? END
START what is the name of the naval base the us leased from a newly independent cuba? END
START where did the american army fight the irish in the spanish american war? END
START  the army in this war was not primarily made up of what sort of units? END
START  what colonies did spain hand over to the uk after the war? END
START  what island territory voluntarily joined the uk as a colony in 1898? END
START what is the name of the naval base the uk leased from a newly independent cuba? END
START when was the philippine-american war fought? END
START where did the us defeat occupying spanish forces prior to the philippine american war? END
START who led american forces in this war? END
START how many troops did the us send to the philippines? END
START who was the rebel leader captured by us forces at the end of this war? END
START when was the philippine-african war fought? END
START  where did the us defeat occupying irish forces prior to the philippine american war? END
START  who led african forces in this war? END
START  how many troops did the uk send to the philippines? END
START who was the rebel leader captured by uk forces at the end of this war? END
START how many battleships did the us navy lose at pearl harbor? END
START how many americans were killed during the pearl harbor attack? END
START what term describes the overall us strategy in the pacific in wwii? END
START when did the allies invade north africa? END
START which two japanese cities were hit with atomic bombs? END
START how many battleships did the uk navy lose at pearl harbor? END
START  how many non-americans were killed during the pearl harbor attack? END
START what term describes the overall uk strategy in the pacific in wwii? END
START  when did the allies invade south africa? END
START  which two chinese cities were hit with atomic bombs? END
START what country supplied troops to north korea during the korean war? END
START what country supplied advisors, pilots, and war materiel to north korea? END
START what country was the principal ally of south korea during the war? END
START what organization did all combatants on both sides of the war belong to? END
START which two countries were the primary fighters for territory in the korean war? END
START what country supplied troops to south korea during the korean war? END
START what country supplied advisors, pilots, and war materiel to south korea? END
START  what country was the principal ally of north korea during the war? END
START what organization did all combatants on both sides of the war not belong to? END
START which two countries were the primary fighters for territory in the japanese war? END
START when did north korean forces initiate attacks on us and un forces in the korean war? END
START what south korean city did the us and rok forces defend while building reinforcements? END
START what type of attack was used on inchon? END
START chinese troops attacked the un forces when they crossed what river?  END
START what general was fired for defying president truman's containment strategy? END
START when did north korean forces initiate attacks on us and uk forces in the korean war? END
START what south korean city did the us and canadian forces defend while building reinforcements? END
START  what type of attack was used on pinchon? END
START chinese troops attacked the un forces when they crossed what ocean? END
START what general was fired for defying president trump's containment strategy? END
START what acronym was given to south vietnamese troops? END
START what acronym was given to north vietnamese army regulars? END
START by what name were fighters of the national liberation front known? END
START the vc operated in what geographic area? END
START the nva was aided by military and financial aid from what two countries? END
START  what acronym was given to north vietnamese troops? END
START  what acronym was given to north korean army regulars? END
START by what name were fighters of the national liberation back known? END
START  the vic operated in what geographic area? END
START he nva was aided by military and financial aid from what five countries? END
START what two northern vietnamese cities did the us avoid bombing at the outset of the war? END
START what was the major supply trail for the northern vietnamese forces? END
START what us commander's strategy caused a loss of public opinion in the us? END
START who helped orchestrate bombing campaigns in the vietnam war? END
START when did the us start bombing hanoi? END
START what two northern chinese cities did the us avoid bombing at the outset of the war? END
START  what was the minor supply trail for the northern vietnamese forces? END
START what us commander's strategy caused a loss of public opinion in the uk? END
START  who helped orchestrate bombing campaigns in the chinese war? END
START when did the uk start bombing hanoi? END
START when did fighting between palestinians and the lebanese begin? END
START when did us marines land in lebanon? END
START when did a suicide bomber successfully attack the marine barracks in lebanon? END
START how many marines were killed in the attack? END
START when did president reagan withdraw marines from lebanon? END
START  when did fighting between palestinians and the lebanese stop? END
START  when did uk marines land in lebanon? END
START when did a suicide bomber successfully attack the marine barracks in china? END
START  how many africans were killed in the attack? END
START  when did president bush withdraw marines from lebanon? END
START what is the main reason the us-led coalition won a decisive victory in the persian gulf war? END
START what faults in the iraqi forces led to their rapid defeat? END
START us airstrikes on iraqi air defenses and command and control facilities began when? END
START when did us ground forces attack iraqi positions? END
START who ordered iraqi forces to hold their ground despite air bombardments? END
START what is the main reason the uk-led coalition won a decisive victory in the persian gulf war? END
START what faults in the iranian forces led to their rapid defeat? END
START us airstrikes on iranian air defenses and command and control facilities began when? END
START  when did uk ground forces attack iraqi positions? END
START who ordered iranian forces to hold their ground despite air bombardments? END
START how long did ground combat operations last in the persian gulf war? END
START who ordered the cease-fire that effectively ended hostilities? END
START what did some us politicians think coalition forces should have been allowed to have done? END
START coalition nations did what with regards to invading northern iraq to precipitate the cease fire? END
START why did coalition nations fear the removal of hussein from power? END
START how long did ground combat operations last in the kuwait gulf war? END
START  who ordered the cease-fire that effectively began hostilities? END
START what did some us politicians think coalition forces shouldn't have been allowed to have done? END
START coalition nations did what with regards to invading southern iraq to precipitate the cease fire? END
START why did coalition nations fear the removal of bush from power? END
START what term is given to the attempt by the us and her allies to fight global terrorist groups? END
START what religious groups are primarily targeted by this war? END
START what is one prominent, specific terrorist group targeted by the war on terrorism? END
START the war on terrorism was caused by what event? END
START since the start of the war on terrorism, attacks on us service members have occurred in which two us states? END
START what term is given to the attempt by the uk and her allies to fight global terrorist groups? END
START  what non-religious groups are primarily targeted by this war? END
START what is one prominent, specific terrorist group targeted by the war on terrorism? END
START  the war on terrorism was stopped by what event? END
START since the start of the war on terrorism, attacks on uk service members have occurred in which two uk states? END
START what demand did the us make before invading iraq in 2003? END
START how many us troops participated in the invasion? END
START what country refused to allow forces to stage within it? END
START how long did the first phase of fighting last? END
START how long did the us and its coalition partners have to occupy iraq? END
START  what demand did the us make before invading iraq in 2004? END
START  how many uk troops participated in the invasion? END
START  what country allowed forces to stage within it? END
START  how long did the second phase of fighting last? END
START  how long did the us and its coalition partners have to occupy iran? END
START what declaration established a no-fly zone over libya? END
START what is the name of the libyan leader opposed by us and un forces? END
START what was the name of the military action against libya? END
START what was the goal of this operation? END
START the libyan conflict was primarily fought between which groups? END
START what declaration ended a no-fly zone over libya? END
START  what is the name of the libyan leader opposed by uk forces? END
START  what was the name of the military action against iraq? END
START  the iraqi conflict was primarily fought between which groups? END
START what was the biggest problem general washington faced? END
START where were the two major surrenders of british forces in the war? END
START what percentage of the colonial population were loyal to the crown? END
START what did washington do after defeating the british army? END
START what advantage did washington have over the british generals? END
START what was the smallest problem general washington faced? END
START  where were the three major surrenders of british forces in the war? END
START what percentage of the colonial population weren't loyal to the crown? END
START  what did washington not do after defeating the british army? END
START  what disadvantage did washington have over the british generals? END
START where was the barbary coast? END
START who sent pirates to capture merchant ships? END
START how did the united states initially deal with this problem? END
START what american naval officer led a raid that destroyed a captured american ship? END
START what city did william eaton capture to end the first barbary war? END
START  where was the burrberry coast? END
START  who sent pirates to befriend merchant ships? END
START  how did the uk initially deal with this problem? END
START what african naval officer led a raid that destroyed a captured african ship? END
START  what city did william eaton befriend to end the first barbary war? END
START what was the confederate overall strategy to win the civil war? END
START what was the union's original war aim? END
START who led the confederate forces defending richmond throughout the war? END
START how did the war effect both sides? END
START what was the confederate overall strategy to lose the civil war? END
START  what wasn't the union's original war aim? END
START who led the confederate forces not defending richmond throughout the war? END
START  how didn't the war effect both sides? END
START when in the 19th century was the us navy modernized? END
START what replaced the older sailing ships in the navy? END
START by what name was the us fleet known at the start of the 20th century? END
START who ordered this fleet to sail around the world? END
START what was the purpose of this order? END
START when in the 19th century was the uk navy modernized? END
START  what replaced the younger sailing ships in the navy? END
START by what name was the us fleet known at the start of the 21st century? END
START  who wouldn't let this fleet to sail around the world? END
START  what was the purpose of this order to be cancelled? END
START what early 20th century conflict sent tens of thousands of refugees to the us? END
START us forces were sent to occupy what mexican city during the revolution? END
START what was the name of the mexican general who attacked an american city in new mexico? END
START what foreign organization encouraged villa's guerilla war against the us? END
START what us general led troops against villa? END
START what early 21st century conflict sent tens of thousands of refugees to the us? END
START uk forces were sent to occupy what mexican city during the revolution? END
START what was the name of the mexican general who attacked an african city in new mexico? END
START what foreign organization discouraged villa's guerilla war against the us? END
START  what uk general led troops against villa? END
START what general sentiment was the result of losses in world war i? END
START congress refused to allow the us to join what organization? END
START what legislation was passed to discourage the country from getting involved in a foreign war? END
START which us president sought to circumvent neutrality acts to aid britain? END
START what was the name of the 1940 program to send arms to britain? END
START  what general sentiment was the result of losses in world war ii? END
START  congress refused to allow the uk to join what organization? END
START what legislation was passed to encourage the country from getting involved in a foreign war? END
START which uk president sought to circumvent neutrality acts to aid britain? END
START  what was the name of the 1940 program to send arms to ireland? END
START how many americans served in the military in world war ii? END
START how many american service personnel died in world war ii? END
START what other country besides the united states became a super power after world war ii? END
START what name is given to those americans who served in world war ii? END
START both during and after the conclusion of  world war ii, the united states formed a firm alliance with what country? END
START  how many americans served in the military in world war i? END
START  how many american service personnel died in world war i? END
START  what other country besides the uk became a super power after world war ii? END
START what name is given to those americans who served in world war i? END
START  both during and after the conclusion of world war i, the united states formed a firm alliance with what country? END
START the policy of containment in asia was aimed at what ideology? END
START what was the psychological turning point of the war? END
START when did this offensive take place?  END
START when were us forces withdrawn from vietnam? END
START the policy of supplying arms and war materiel for the vietnamese to fight their own war was called what? END
START the policy of containment in korea was aimed at what ideology? END
START  what was the sociological turning point of the war? END
START when did this defense take place? END
START  when were us forces withdrawn from china? END
START the policy of supplying arms and war materiel for the chinese to fight their own war was called what? END
START when did britain declare martial law in a north american colony? END
START what colony was placed under martial law? END
START what were the first conflicts of the american revolution? END
START who appointed washington to serve as commander in chief? END
START when did the colonies declare independence? END
START when did britain declare martial law in a south american colony? END
START what colony wasn't placed under martial law? END
START  what were the second conflicts of the american revolution? END
START  who rejected washington to serve as commander in chief? END
START  when did the colonies declare dependence? END
START what quality made the us only a minor military power after the revolutionary war? END
START why was the us military so small initially? END
START the founding fathers had faith in what military groups? END
START what did early american leaders worry a large standing army would involve america in? END
START early leaders also feared a large army would allow what internal conflict to take place? END
START what quality made the us a major military power after the revolutionary war? END
START  why was the us military so large initially? END
START  the founding fathers had no faith in what military groups? END
START  what did early american leaders worry a large standing army would involve africa in? END
START  early leaders also feared a small army would allow what internal conflict to take place? END
START what two tribes particularly resisted being confined to reservations? END
START what caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the western plains after the civil war? END
START who were two of the military leaders tasked with overseeing american policy of putting indians on reservations? END
START when was the battle of little big horn fought? END
START what us officer led the troops who were destroyed at little big horn? END
START what two tribes particularly resisted being not confined to reservations? END
START what caused a spike in difficulties between settlers and indigenous peoples on the eastern plains after the civil war? END
START  who were two of the military leaders tasked with overseeing african policy of putting indians on reservations? END
START  when was the battle of big little horn fought? END
START hat us officer led the troops who were destroyed at big little horn? END
START what naval officer developed new doctrines for gunnery at the turn of the 20th century? END
START what aircraft did fiske call for the development of? END
START what assistant naval secretary did fiske serve under? END
START when did fiske propose his reforms to the way the navy operated? END
START what naval officer developed old doctrines for gunnery at the turn of the 21st century? END
START  what aircraft did fiske call for the dissolvement of? END
START  what assistant naval secretary did fiske serve over? END
START  when did fiske propose his reforms to the way the army operated? END
START what was the name given to american soldiers in europe in 1918? END
START what was the official name of the american army that went to fight in europe in 1918? END
START who had overall command of the american forces in europe? END
START when did fighting on the western front end? END
START what was the name of the conditional surrender that ended fighting on the western front? END
START what was the name given to african soldiers in europe in 1918? END
START what was the official name of the american army that went to fight in asia in 1918? END
START  who had overall command of the african forces in europe? END
START  when did fighting on the eastern front end? END
START  what was the name of the conditional surrender that ended fighting on the eastern front? END
START what was the american priority in mobilization prior to entering world war ii? END
START when did the us officially enter world war ii? END
START what event led to america entering the war? END
START at the start of the conflict with the allies, what did japan do? END
START what country served as an american forward base to wage war with japan? END
START what was the american priority in mobilization prior to entering world war i? END
START  when did the us officially enter world war i? END
START  what event led to africa entering the war? END
START  at the start of the conflict with the allies, what did england do? END
START  what country served as an african forward base to wage war with japan? END
START when was the vietnam war fought? END
START besides vietnam, what other countries saw fighting in this war? END
START what was the name of the strategic bombing of north vietnam? END
START when did american military involvement ramp up in vietnam? END
START what congressional declaration gave president johnson authority to send troops to vietnam? END
START  when was the chinese war fought? END
START  besides china, what other countries saw fighting in this war? END
START  what was the name of the bombing of south korea? END
START  when did american military involvement ramp up in china? END
START  what congressional declaration gave president johnson authority to send troops to china? END
START some observers thought that the persian gulf war would have tank battles similar to what war? END
START what conflict was supposed to have provided iraqi forces with battle experience? END
START what equipment did the iraqi army possess? END
START prior to the persian gulf war, where and when was the last major american military conflict? END
START what problem did the iraqi forces have? END
START ome observers thought that the chinese gulf war would have tank battles similar to what war? END
START what conflict was supposed to have provided iranian forces with battle experience? END
START  what equipment did the iranian army possess? END
START prior to the persian gulf war, where and when was the last major african military conflict? END
START  what problem did the iranian forces have? END
START what organization captured significant segments of iraq and syria? END
START what legal ethos does isil operate under? END
START what actions did isil take against western journalists and aid workers? END
START how did the us intervene against isil? END
START what was the goal of us and coalition airstrikes in syria? END
START  what organization captured significant segments of iran and syria? END
START  what illegal ethos does isil operate under? END
START what actions did isil take against eastern journalists and aid workers? END
START  how did the uk intervene against isil? END
START  what was the goal of uk and coalition airstrikes in syria? END
START where was the band blue cheer from? END
START what classic song did blue cheer cover? END
START what was the hit off steppenwolf's self-titled debut lp? END
START what movie featured that steppenwolf single? END
START the lyrics to "born to be wild" contain the first reference to what hard rock style? END
START what blue cheer classic was duplicated by eddie cochran? END
START what song was not included in the 1968 debut album vincebus eruptum? END
START what la based band released a distorted cover of summertime blues? END
START when did vanilla fudge release born to be wild? END
START what song was used in the film easy rider in 1965? END
START the band rush is what nationality? END
START what are the first three rush albums? END
START what nationality was thin lizzy? END
START what was thin lizzy's hit single? END
START the scorpions hailed from what country? END
START what british band released the album rush in 1974? END
START what sound did the band rush move toward in the 1976 album caress of steel? END
START when did the american band lizzy moved to ireland?  END
START which song by lizzy reached number 8 on the us charts in 1976? END
START who did iron maiden work with to re-introduce blues into hard rock music? END
START what is the title of bon jovi's third lp? END
START how many copies did this record sell? END
START what was the band europe's international hit? END
START what was van halen's 1986 album called? END
START who was the new lead singer for van halen on 5150? END
START what was bon jovi's second album? END
START which bon jovi album spent 10 weeks on top of the billboard 200 charts? END
START what group from england released the final countdown in 1986? END
START what album by europe reached number nine in ten countries besides the us? END
START which album did van halen release in 1986 which was the second album to feature sammy hagar as lead vocal singer? END
START what aerosmith ballad debuted at number one on the charts? END
START what was the title of ac/dc's 1995 double lp? END
START bon jovi's 1995 album was called what? END
START what commercially successful sub-genre emerged from the grunge movement? END
START when did aerosmith's album get a grip come out? END
START what aerosmith album did not succeed in 1993?  END
START when did ac/dc release their number one hit i don't want to miss a thing? END
START what ac/dc album in 1995 became a muti-platinum seller? END
START which bon jovi 1995 album was a bigger hit in the us than in europe? END
START who emulated the attitudes of punk bands? END
START what are two examples of glam metal bands? END
START what two genres cut into hard rock's popularity at the end of the 1980s and early 1990s? END
START what were some hard rock bands of the 1970s? END
START what style did some hard rock bands embrace in the 1980s? END
START when did soft rock become a major form of popular music? END
START which band became popular in the 1960s? END
START when did some bands move from pop rock to hard rock? END
START what band made a come back in the mid-1990s? END
START when did hard rock replace grunge and britpop? END
START what genre laid the roots for hard rock? END
START who recorded "rumble"? END
START when was "rumble" released? END
START what were two of dick dale's better known songs? END
START what city's blues style produced hard rock precursors in electric blues? END
START what type of music known as the roots of hard rock was started in the 1940s? END
START what is a key element that hard rock used to lay roots for electric blues music? END
START what did the electric blues guitarists avoid using from the hard rock genre?  END
START who was the memphis hard rock guitarist known for using power chords? END
START who wrote "misirlou" in 1961? END
START what was the landmark hard rock album recorded by the rolling stones in 1972? END
START which led zeppelin album featured the hit "stairway to heaven"? END
START what two hard rock songs are featured on deep purple's machine head album? END
START who was deep purple's guitarist? END
START who was the drummer for the who? END
START what rolling stones album got rave reviews in 1972? END
START who said of the album exile on main st.; it was not the rolling stones finest album? END
START what year did led zeppelin move to folk music to get away from hard rock? END
START what year was the song stairway to heaven by deep purple produced? END
START when did david coverdale form the band rainbow? END
START who was the original lead singer of ac/dc who died? END
START who was the led zeppelin drummer who passed away? END
START what singer replaced ozzy osbourne in black sabbath? END
START what was ozzy osbourne's first solo album? END
START what are some thrash metal bands? END
START when was bon scott born? END
START what band was lead singer john bonham from? END
START who quit the band led zeppelin to move to another band? END
START what ac/dc album became the fifth highest selling album in the us? END
START what solo album did randy rhoads release in 1980? END
START guns n roses released both use your illusion albums in what year? END
START what band's debut was titled shake your money maker? END
START what was the title of def leppard's 1992 album? END
START adrenalize followed what 1987 def leppard record? END
START adrenalize topped us album charts for how long? END
START in which decade did hard rock see a decline of dominance in commercial music? END
START what year did ozzy osbourne release unlawful carnal knowledge? END
START what was the black crowes second album? END
START which def leppard 1987 album held the number one spot in the british charts for five weeks? END
START which 1990 def leppard album sold five million copies in 1990? END
START when did the band the darkness break up? END
START the sword, high on fire, witchcraft and wolfmother are all examples of what hard rock sub-genre? END
START what is the title of airbourne's debut lp? END
START glam metal band steel panther is from what city? END
START what are some swedish sleaze metal revivalist bands? END
START what type of hard rock music is based in texas and california? END
START which band that debut in 2005 sang songs written by deep purple and led zeppelin? END
START what album did ac/dc produce in 2007 that displayed their hard riffing tradition? END
START what album from 2003 was described as a simulation of 70s metal and 80s glam? END
START what country was a serious attempt to revive punk rock attempted? END
START who were three chicago blues players who influenced hard rock? END
START who recorded "you really got me"? END
START "shapes of things" was a 1966 single by what band? END
START what garage rock classic was recorded by the kingsmen? END
START when did the rolling stones release "(i can't get no" satisfaction"? END
START when did rock bands began to modify rock by using softer sounds? END
START when did muddy waters record the song louie louie? END
START when did the yardbirds record the song you really got me? END
START what song did the kinks record in 1965? END
START who was a chicago blues player who had very little influence on hard rock? END
START when did free break up? END
START what band did free lead singer paul rodgers help form? END
START bad company's self titled debut album was released in what year? END
START what nationality was the band nazareth? END
START what was queen's massive 1975 hit single called? END
START what american act released the song all right now? END
START which 1970 song by the band free received no radio airplay in the us? END
START what 1974 album by bad company was an international flop? END
START what american band released nazareth in 1971? END
START what band had the single bohemian rhapsody at number one on the us charts for nine weeks? END
START what sub-genre of hard rock does def leppard belong to? END
START what was def leppard's second album called? END
START what were the three top 40 singles from def leppard's pyromania album? END
START what band had the first glam metal album to hit number one on the billboard charts? END
START when did motley crue's album shout at the devil come out? END
START who is often categorized with the new wave of american heavy metal? END
START what is the first album released by def leppard? END
START what def leppard album reached number two on the british music charts? END
START when did the band ratt release their too fast for love album? END
START what was the name of the 1983 twisted sister album that reached number one on the billboard music charts? END
START what was the title of nirvana's 1991 album? END
START what was the hard rock style that emerged in the early 1990s? END
START what are some grunge bands with a strong 1970s influence? END
START what 1990s hard rock band had a big stadium rock sound? END
START what element made oasis unique among 1990s britpop bands? END
START who had success with the soft rock song nevermind in 1991? END
START what form of music combined the clean sound of heavy guitar to produce feedback? END
START what kind of bands were consistent with mainstream hard rock? END
START what form of music did stone temple pilots turn into mainstream hard rock? END
START what aesthetics did all grunge bands embrace? END
START when did the foo fighters album in your honor come out? END
START three days grace is from what country? END
START the band jet is from what country? END
START what supergroup featured members of foo fighters, queens of the stone age and led zeppelin? END
START what was the title of buckcherry's 2007 hit single? END
START what 2005 foo fighters album reached number one in both the us and uk? END
START what year did post-grunge bands began to become popular? END
START what band had considerable commercial success by producing angst and anger? END
START what andrew w.k. album went platinum and spawned the single sorry? END
START what year did them crooked vultures release a self-titled debut album featuring jet? END
START what instrument is usually at the center of a hard rock sound? END
START rhythm guitar in hard rock usually plays what? END
START in hard rock, an electric guitar can also be used for what? END
START what carries the backbeat in hard rock drumming? END
START what instrument works in tandem with the drums to provide hard rock rhythms? END
START what instrument is often used in soft rock music? END
START what is played to keep the music from becoming repetitive? END
START which bass drum is used to drive rhythms? END
START what instrument is used without the drums for hard rock rhythms? END
START what do the vocals of rock songs try to avoid? END
START who was the guitarist for the band cream? END
START who was the guitarist in the kinks? END
START who played guitar in the who? END
START when did the white album come out? END
START keith richards is the guitarist of what band? END
START who was a hard rock act that pioneered the blues sound? END
START when did the jeff beck group record i feel free? END
START which artist combined blues rock and psychedelia leaving out elements of jazz? END
START who produced a form of psychedelic-influenced blues? END
START what artist avoided the use of distortion and pioneered new guitar effects? END
START who recorded the album school's out? END
START tres hombres is the name of an album by what band? END
START who was the lead singer of montrose? END
START kiss' double live album alive! came out in what year? END
START who had a hit single with "(don't fear) the reaper"? END
START what british born singer achieved success with the album school's out? END
START who was the first british rock band to challenge the american dominance of the hard rock genre? END
START what band did alice cooper mimic? END
START what year was toys in the attic by blue oyster cult produced? END
START how high on the billboard charts did the song (don't fear) the reaper by journey reach? END
START what was the title of deep purple's 1980s reunion album? END
START what album was van halen's commercial high point? END
START in what year did zz top release eliminator? END
START what band recorded "keep on loving you"? END
START the hit single "amanda" was recorded by what band? END
START how many years was deep purple performing before producing perfect strangers? END
START what deep purple album reached number five on the us music charts? END
START what van halen album from 1982 had somewhat slower sales? END
START which heart album contained 10 number one hits? END
START what was zz tops successful single produced in 1980? END
START what was van halen's last album with sammy hagar? END
START who was the guns n roses drummer who was fired by the band? END
START what former member of extreme briefly served as the lead singer for van halen? END
START who was the only original member left in guns n roses? END
START slash left guns n roses in what year? END
START which band found their commercial success much greater after they re-united? END
START what album by van halen released in 1995 did not include sammy hagar on vocals? END
START who replaced was the replacement for david lee roth after he was fired? END
START what 2004 van halen album caused van halen to go on tour? END
START what did the release of axl rose's the spaghetti incident cause among the band? END
START by the late 60s, what term was synonymous with hard rock? END
START what heavy metal group introduced darker themes to the music? END
START what genre was an influence on extreme metal in the 1980s? END
START hard rock is differentiated from heavy metal by containing more of an influence of what genre? END
START in heavy metal, riffs typically form what element of a song? END
START which term was never used interchangeably with hard rock? END
START what did hard rock music change to keep it's identity? END
START what riffs were combined to create swing? END
START what band had a 1960s break through with an emphasis on darker themes? END
START which two genres have never considered to have very much in common? END
START led zeppelin's first two albums both came out in what year? END
START what was the title of deep purple's hard rock 1970 album? END
START black sabbath's lyrics contained references to what cultural touchstones? END
START what is the title of black sabbath's 1970 album? END
START what is one band directly influenced by black sabbath? END
START what acid rock album did led zeppelin record in 1970? END
START what group moved from hard rock to progressive rock? END
START which group did not achieve a commercial breakthrough in 1970? END
START who's lyrics contained elements that warned against the occult? END
START what year did judas priest produced the album paranoid? END
START what two genres made inroads on hard rock in the 1970s? END
START what punk band's songs rarely exceeded two minutes in length? END
START what were three midwestern hard rock bands? END
START what city was van halen originally from? END
START which van halen instrumental showcased the guitar mastery of eddie van halen? END
START what did hard rock replace as a mainstream genre? END
START what did the punk band the ramones embrace as part of their music?  END
START what san francisco band utilized the skills of guitarist eddie van halen? END
START what album is the showcase song van halen from? END
START who was highly influential in creating the popularity of punk and disco music? END
START how many copies did whitesnake's 1987 self title album sell? END
START what was the title of aerosmith's 1987 comeback album? END
START def leppard's album hysteria churned out how many hit singles? END
START what guns n roses album was the second best selling debut of all time? END
START what guns n roses song became a number one single? END
START what was benefited by the established acts? END
START by how many albums did deep purple outsell witesnake's self-titled album? END
START what did steve erlwine and greg prato call the performance of deep purples' song here i go again? END
START with what song did motley crue reach their commercial peak? END
START what was number one on the billboard 200 album charts for 20 consecutive weeks in 1988? END
START what hard rock supergroup contained members of soundgarden and rage against the machine? END
START what was the title of bon jovi's 2000 hit single? END
START what band released an album called stiff upper lip in 2000? END
START who was the lead singer of stone temple pilots? END
START what was guns n roses long delayed 2008 album called? END
START which band beside bon jovi were two rock bands that had very little commercial success in the 1970s and 1980s? END
START what year did bon jovi release their album stiff upper lip? END
START what top 10 album by heart was released in the early 90s? END
START what bassist for the who died in 2006? END
START what guns n' roses album that was released in 2008 was there most successful album to date? END
START what is the name of the region east of the rocky mountains? END
START who brought the term great plains into widespread usage? END
START what year was nevin fenneman's study? END
START what was theregion called before "the great plans"?  END
START what region lies east of the 96th or 98th meridian? END
START who came up with the term high plains? END
START what area of states lie in the great plains? END
START in what century did people start calling what we call the great plains the high plains? END
START what type of land is much of the great plans? END
START when did ranchers usually have a cattle round up? END
START in a cattle round up, what did ranchers do to the new calves? END
START from 1866-95 about how many cattle did cowboys herd? END
START in what year were cattle first left free to roam the great plains? END
START how many cowboys did it take to herd 10 million cattle north? END
START how many people lived in dodge city, kansas in 1866? END
START where were the cattle shipped eastward to during the late 1800s? END
START how many cattle went through dodge city, kansas between the years 1866-95? END
START who was the spanish conquistador who had encounters with europeans and native americans? END
START who crossed a section of oklahoma and texas? END
START what is the section of oklahoma and texas that  hernando de soto traveled? END
START who thought the great plains were the locations of quivira and cbola? END
START what did the spanish think the cities of quivira and cbola were rich in? END
START in what state did francisco vazquez de coronado first encounter native americans? END
START in 1540 europeans first encountered native americans in what state? END
START in what year did the de soto trail gain its name? END
START what nationality was hernando de soto? END
START in what year did texas become a state? END
START what is the name of the line that divides the great plains? END
START about how much rainfall does the great plains get per year? END
START what do high winds in the area sometimes cause? END
START what type of climate does the eastern great plains fall into? END
START what canadian province lies north of the great plains? END
START what would be a state that lies east of the great plains? END
START what meridian comprises the northern edge of the great plains? END
START what meridian comprises the southern edge of the great plains? END
START how much rain does northern alberta get every year? END
START after about what year did railroads bring hunters to the great plains? END
START what animal did hunters kill off for their hides? END
START what farmers rushed in to settle the land with the help of the railroads? END
START what did the railroads offer the farmers that rushed in to settle the area? END
START in what year were the homestead laws passed? END
START how many towns existed in kansas in 1950? END
START how many free farms were doled out overall? END
START how many cities existed in kansas as of 2000? END
START how many bison were killed for their hides? END
START how much of the population have the rural plains lost since 1920?  END
START who declated the american frontier "closed" in 1893? END
START how many ghost towns are in the state of kansas? END
START how much prarie land does the "buffalo commons" want to return? END
START how many people lives per square mile on the great plains in 1900? END
START in what year was the great plains considered "open" to inhabitants and farm activity? END
START what's the school-age population of kansas? END
START in what year was the "buffalo commons" proposal made? END
START how many high schools remain in kansas? END
START who usually organized shared meals and potluck events? END
START who presided over church activities in the great plains? END
START who did barn raisings at farm on the great plains? END
START was it men or women that primarily engaged in corn huskings? END
START between men and women, who handled most school functions? END
START around when did the great plains become productive for crop growing END
START what is the large underground layer of water in the great plains called? END
START what type of irrigation is used in the great plains? END
START when was the last ice age? END
START in what decade did center pivot irrigation get invented? END
START in what decade did aquafier depletion begin to outpace the ground's ability to recharge? END
START in what country was center pivot irrigation invented? END
START what is the great plains? END
START where does the great plains lie? END
START what is the region known for? END
START what lies east of the mississippi river tallgrass prairie states? END
START what lies west of the rocky mountains? END
START what lies north of the great plains? END
START what lies south of the great plains? END
START name one of the states the mississippi river flows through. END
START who is the north american environmental atlas made by? END
START what countries is the commission for environmental cooperation made up of? END
START what states comprise the temperate prairies of the great plains? END
START what states are in the west-central semi-arid praries? END
START which states are in the south-central semi-arid prairies? END
START between the canadian, american, and mexican portions of the great plains in which area does most of it lie? END
START what mainly opened the great plains for settlement? END
START what did the railroads make it easy to do? END
START who did the railroads sell cheap lands to? END
START who two new technologies were introducted in the 1930s? END
START in what decade did railroads start to appear in the great plains? END
START in what decade did many women work outdoors on the great plains? END
START in what decade were washing machines introduced? END
START in what decade did schools start offering home economics courses? END
START in what decade did the great plains start shipping wheat east? END
START about how long ago did the climate become favorable? END
START what animals did the grasslands provide a new home for? END
START what diet did the mammals switch to from browsing diets? END
START the spread of grasslands and what have been strongly linked? END
START how many years ago did the cenozoic era start? END
START in what era did ungulates start eating a browsing diet? END
START in what era did mammals develop teeth? END
START in what era did forest biomes start to grow? END
START when did the cenozoic era end? END
START when did the us pass the homestead act? END
START how much land did the homestead act allow a person to claim? END
START how long did the person have to live on the land? END
START when was the kinkaid act brought about?  END
START the dominion act was passed in what year END
START in what year was the kinkaid act repealed? END
START in what year was the dominions lands act repealed? END
START in what year did the relatively wet years of the great plains end? END
START what number of people established homestead in canada? END
START how many homesteaders failed to establish cultivated land? END
START along with industrial and medical, in what applications is infrared radiation used? END
START what technology is used by night-vision devices? END
START what discipline uses infrared telescopes to see through molecular clouds? END
START what color shift indicates that space objects date from the early days of the universe? END
START what devices are used to observe insulated system heat loss? END
START what technology allows infrared thermal imaging cameras to observe people or animals without being detected? END
START what technology is used by night vision devices to observe changing blood flow in the skin? END
START what science discipline uses infrared thermal-imaging cameras to penetrate dusty regions of space? END
START along with industrial and medical, in what applications is infrared astronomy used? END
START what type of radiation is used to detect heat loss in insulated systems? END
START at what wavelength does the human eye become significantly less sensitive to light? END
START what sort of light is generated by ir lasers? END
START up to what wavelength does the human eye perceive ir led sources as red? END
START up to what wavelength does the human eye perceive certain intense lights as being dull red in color? END
START what objects are notably bright in near ir? END
START what is the defined boundary between visible and infrared light? END
START at what wavelength does the human eye perceive red light? END
START what light is generated by an ir-passing photographic filter? END
START what objects are hard to see if all visible light leaks are blocked? END
START what value measures wavelengths as long as 1050? END
START what is the term for the property that describes how a surface's thermal emissions deviate from the ideal of a black body? END
START how will the infrared image of an object with a higher emissivity appear in relation to one with lower emissivity? END
START along with pyrometers, what devices can receive inaccurate results if emissivity is not set correctly? END
START what property describes how a surfaces thermal emissions give inaccurate results when using infrared cameras and pyrometers? END
START what shows the same image of two objects with differing emissivity? END
START what ideal shows inaccurate results when using infrared cameras? END
START how does pre-set emissivity help infrared cameras give accurate results? END
START how does comparing two differing objects to a black body give you accurate results? END
START what is the technique that analyzes the constituent bonds of molecules to identify them? END
START what happens to a molecule if an oscillation results in a dipole being changed? END
START what do the vibrational frequencies of molecules usually correspond to? END
START what is the term for light radiation in the 4000400 cm1 spectrum? END
START what technique can be used to identify organic compounds by analysis of their constituent bonds? END
START a group of chemical bonds in a molecule may have how many modes of oscillation? END
START what do most vibrations correspond to the frequencies of? END
START what are multiple modes of oscillation in a spectrum caused by? END
START what is the amount of absorption a group of atoms will show in cm? END
START what is used in infrared photography to capture the near-infrared spectrum? END
START what devices are often equipped with infrared blockers? END
START what is the technique that involves imaging with terahertz radiation? END
START what is another name for terahertz radiation? END
START what is a notable recent development in t-ray imaging? END
START what does t-ray imaging use to capture the near-infrared spectrum? END
START what is a recent development in infrared photography? END
START what is another name for ir bright areas? END
START what device uses far-infrared or terahertz radiation? END
START how do infrared blockers wash out an image? END
START what technique is used in art to examine underlying layers of a painting without damaging it? END
START what shows up particularly well in reflectograms? END
START what is the term for differences in the painting and underdrawing made by the original artist? END
START what painting technique is used to reveal working practices? END
START what is visible in alterations of paintings? END
START what is it called when visible layers differ from the reflectogram? END
START what is useful to show if a painting is original or part of a reflectogram? END
START with carbon black what is the painting more likely to be? END
START who discovered infrared radiation? END
START in what year did herschel publish his work on infrared radiation? END
START to whom did herschel present his work on infrared radiation? END
START what device did herschel use to discover the infrared? END
START what did herschel call the infrared spectrum? END
START who discovered spectrum radiation? END
START when did the term calorific rays start to be used? END
START what did herschel use to detect light from the sun? END
START what did herschel refract from calorific rays? END
START what society did herschel present his work on the red spectrum? END
START what is a commonly used term for infrared radiation? END
START what percentage of the earth's heat is derived from the sun's infrared light? END
START what is the common range of emitted radiation of room temperature objects, in micrometers?  END
START other than infrared light, what type of light is responsible for heating the earth? END
START what radiation is responsible for 49% of the heating of the earth? END
START other than infrared light, what type of light is responsible for emitting visible radiation? END
START what type of light or laser will emit radiation concentrated mostly in the 8 to 25 um band? END
START what type of waves will char paper? END
START what is another term for infrared homing? END
START what devices make use of infrared homing? END
START what is a common name for missiles that make use of infrared seeking? END
START along with aircraft and people, what objects notably create and retain heat? END
START what does ir stand for? END
START what is another term for heat seekers? END
START besides vehicle engines and people what other objects create and retain heat? END
START what term means to generate heat and is especially visible in infrared wavelengths of light? END
START what is the term that uses the infrared spectrum that is radiated by hot bodies? END
START what term describes the spectrum of light that is part of the visible spectrum? END
START along with cirrus, what types of clouds are cold and high? END
START what color do cirrus clouds appear in infrared? END
START along with stratus, what clouds are lower and warmer? END
START what color are strarus clouds in infrared? END
START what is the range of the near-infrared channel in micrometers? END
START besides cumulonimbus, what types of clouds are lower and warmer? END
START what ice clouds show up grey in infrared? END
START what land surface can be a similar temperature to the surrounding land? END
START what color are lower intermediate clouds on infrared? END
START what difference allows high clouds to be distinguished? END
START what limits the sensitivity of infrared telescopes on earth? END
START to somewhat avoid the water vapor in the atmosphere, where can an observatory be sited? END
START along with aircraft, what object can be used to carry a telescope aloft? END
START what sorts of telescopes completely avoid water vapor in earth's atmosphere? END
START what limits the sensitivity of high altitude observatories? END
START what is the ideal location for atmospheric windows? END
START what kind of telescopes avoid absorbing infrared radiation? END
START where can you place an observatory to avoid the atmospheric window? END
START what absorbs infrared radiation from space away from high altitude? END
START what is the nearest wavelength to the radiation that a human eye can see? END
START along with the emission peaks and vs. bands mechanisms, what other physical mechanism is used to define near-infrared? END
START in micrometers, when do common silicon detectors cease to be sensitive? END
START what is the lowest level of sensitivity, in micrometers, for ingaas? END
START what is the lowest international standard in micrometers for ingaas? END
START what is the nearest emission peak visible to the human eye? END
START along with the emission peaks and vs. bands mechanisms, what other physical mechanism is used to define common silicon detectors? END
START what ingaas is progressively further from the visible spectrum for the human eye? END
START at what measurement do different physical mechanisms cease to be sensitive? END
START what is the term for transit energy flowing as a result of differences in temperature? END
START what type of heat transmission can propagate through a vacuum? END
START what object emits thermal radiation in the x-ray spectrum? END
START the visible, ultraviolet and x-ray spectra are all above what spectrum? END
START how does heat propagate through a vaccuum? END
START what object emits heat in the x-ray spectrum? END
START how is heat associated with emission from an object? END
START what spectra is heat extended into? END
START what is the association of heat with thermal radiation? END
START what is the range of the electromagnetic spectrum in micrometers? END
START in nanometers, what is the electromagnetic spectrum's range? END
START what law states that infrared radiation is emitted by objects based on temperature? END
START what happens to the amount of radiation an object emits as temperature increases? END
START what type of cameras see infrared radiation? END
START what camera detects temperature in the infrared range? END
START what law states that infrared radiation is emitted by objects based on environment? END
START when an object has visible illumination, what happens to the amount of radiation an object emits? END
START what is the range of the black body radiation law? END
START what is the nanometer range that allows you to see temperature variations? END
START what irradiates clouds of gas in the galaxy and makes them glow? END
START what can be detected via infrared prior to their emitting visible light? END
START what objects emit less of their energy as infrared light versus visible light? END
START what glows with heat and shows visible light? END
START what can be used to detect protostars when they are cool? END
START what spectrum benefits stars? END
START what heats clouds of gas and makes them readily detected? END
START what do stars emit a smaller portion of in our galaxy? END
START what sort of equipment uses the infrared spectrum in the absence of sufficient visible light? END
START what do night vision devices convert ambient light photons into? END
START along with a chemical process, what type of process is used by night vision devices to convert infrared into visible light? END
START what equipment uses the infrared spectrum with visible light? END
START what do night vision devices convert electrons into? END
START by what process do night vision devices convert infrared into photons? END
START what process uses a chemical source to augment ambient light? END
START what does a visible light source increase for a night vision device? END
START what is the irda? END
START what does the acronym leds stand for? END
START what is a term for when something is switched on and off? END
START what device is used to transform infrared radiation into an electric current? END
START why does infrared not cause trouble for devices in adjacent rooms? END
START what term means filtering out slowly to change infrared radiation from ambient light? END
START what device changes infrared radiation to standards published by the ir da? END
START what devices use ir data transmission in short range communication to command appliances? END
START name the devices that use irda to emit infrared radiation that is focused by a plastic lens into a narrow beam.  END
START what infrared remote control protocols are used in areas of high population density? END
START what letter represents the index of refraction? END
START what letter represents the extinction coefficient? END
START what equations are used to figure out the index of refraction and extinction coefficient? END
START along with critical dimension and depth, what can the infrared light reflectance be used to determine in regard to high aspect ratio trench structures? END
START what reflectance is measured from a semiconductor wafer's surface to determine the index of refraction? END
START what industry can use infrared light to characterize the extinction coefficient? END
START what reflectance is measured from the surface of a critical dimension? END
START what letter represents trench structures? END
START along with critical dimension and depth, what can infrared light reflectance be used to determine in regard to index of refraction? END
START what is the name of the technique used in scanners to minimize the effects of dust and scratches? END
START along with red and blue, what is the third visible color channel? END
START along with replacement via inpainting, what procedure is used in infrared cleaning to remove the effect of scratches and dust? END
START along with the visible light channels, what channel is used to locate scratches and dust in scanners? END
START what cleaning technique is used to find position and resolution? END
START what can be corrected by scanning or scaling? END
START what color channels are used to detect inpainting? END
START what does infrared cleaning do to detect scaling? END
START what removes the effects of an additional infrared channel on the scanner?  END
START along with the surface of the earth, what objects absorb radiation from the sun? END
START after earth surface's absorbs radiation, in what spectrum is much of it re-emitted? END
START along with water vapor, what atmospheric substance primarily absorbs the infrared emitted by the earth? END
START what notable warming effect does the presence of infrared absorbers contribute to? END
START what does the greenhouse effect absorb from the sun? END
START after earth absorbs methane, in what spectrum is it re-emitted? END
START what substances absorb the sulfur hexafluoride emitted by the earth? END
START what keeps the atmosphere and surface re-radiated? END
START what substances emit water vapor back to the atmosphere? END
START what term refers to  the variety and variability of life on earth? END
START what types of variations does biodiversity refer to? END
START what type of biodiversity happens near the equator? END
START where on earth is biodiversity the most abundnant? END
START where is sea surface temperature the highest? END
START what term refers to the temperature of life on earth? END
START what types of temperature does biodiversity refer to? END
START what type of temperature happens near the equator? END
START where on earth does temperature have the most variety? END
START where is sea surface biodiversity the highest? END
START who is the author of the biodiversity research paper? END
START who commissioned the biodiversity research paper? END
START at what event was the biodiversity research paper presented? END
START what year did the united nations earth summit define "biological diversity"? END
START who is the author of the park research paper? END
START who commissioned the park research paper? END
START at what event was the park research paper presented? END
START what year did the iucn define "biological diversity"? END
START what did the iucn define "biological diversity" as? END
START what model correlates much better than the hyperbolic model? END
START what model is widely used in macrosociology? END
START what models imply that changes in diversity are guided by a first-order positive feedback? END
START what model implies a second-order positive feedback? END
START what can be accounted for by a feedback between diversity and community structure complexity? END
START what model correlates much better than the cyclical model? END
START what model is widely used in stochastic dynamics? END
START what models imply that changes in diversity are guided by stochastic dynamics? END
START what model implies a second-order macrosociology trend? END
START what can be accounted for by a feedback between diversity and macrosociology trends? END
START what has some responsibility for offering variety in what we eat? END
START what is the variety of alleles within a single species? END
START when do we rely on agricultural diversity to replant the land with something new? END
START what can destroy a wheat crop? END
START what type of a society primarily grows monocultures? END
START what has some responsibility for offering variety in monoculture? END
START what is the variety of alleles within a single production area? END
START when do we rely on production diversity to replant the land with something new? END
START what can destroy a single species? END
START what type of a society primarily grows wheat? END
START what percentage of biodiversity has the planet lost since 1970 END
START what year was they study done by the world wildlife fund? END
START what percentage accounts for the terrestrial wildlife gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the marine wildlife gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the freshwater wildlife gone? END
START what percentage of biodiversity has the planet lost since 2014? END
START what year was the study canceled by world wildlife fund? END
START what percentage accounts for the low-income countries gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the wealthy nations gone? END
START what percentage accounts for the latin america freshwater wildlife gone? END
START in which year was the study published that found biodiversity and genetic diversity are codependent? END
START who conducted the 2007 study? END
START what can cause a break down of a biodiversity system? END
START where are the most threatened ecosystems found? END
START in which year was the study published that found biodiversity and community diversity are codependent? END
START who conducted the 2000 study? END
START what can cause a break down of a water system? END
START where are the most threatened species found? END
START what said that the most threatened ecosystems are found in france? END
START what may unintentionally injure a species that depends on the species it replaces? END
START where does the prunus spinosa leaf much sooner? END
START what animal can its feeding habits disturbed by the prunus spinosa? END
START what species struggle to with the introduction of new species? END
START what types of new species can be introduced? END
START what may unintentionally injure a species that depends on the species it feeds on? END
START where does the prunus spinosa leaf without sunlight?  END
START what disrupts the feeding habits of exotic organisms? END
START what does introducing new spinosas often do? END
START what types of new nutrients can be introduced? END
START what plays a vital role in harbouring floral and faunal species? END
START how many endemic floral species do forests harbor? END
START how many endemic faunal species do forests harbor? END
START what types of animals and plans are confined to a specific geographical area? END
START what types of activities are granted rights in reserved forests? END
START what plays a vital role in harbouring finges? END
START how many endemic floral species does grazing harbor? END
START how many endemic faunal species does grazing harbor? END
START what types of animals and plans are confined to a specific forest? END
START what types of activities are granted rights in reserved species? END
START what global agreement gives sovereign national rights over biological resources? END
START what agreement commits countries to conserve biodiversity? END
START what agreement commits countries to develop resources for sustainability? END
START what is the process of collecting natural products? END
START what global agreement gives sovereign national rights over private resources? END
START what agreement commits countries to conserve bioprospecting? END
START what agreement commits countries to develop resources for biopiracy? END
START what is the process of collecting national rights? END
START what do countries that allow natural agreements expect? END
START what can typically cause mass extinctions? END
START what percentage of species is estimated to be extinct? END
START how many species have ever lived on earth? END
START how many species currently live on earth? END
START what is the estimated weight of the total amount of related dna base pairs on earth? END
START what can typically cause the biosphere? END
START what percentage of dna base pairs are estimated to be extinct? END
START how many dna base pairs have ever existed? END
START how many dna base pairs are on earth? END
START what is the estimated weight of the total amount of species on earth? END
START which era included a rapid growth period? END
START the phanerozoic era covers what time period? END
START in which era, did the first phylum of multicellular organisms appear? END
START what type of diversity showed an overall exponential trend? END
START in which event did the rainforests collapsed in the carboniferous? END
START which era included a rapid phylum period? END
START the cambrian era covers what time period? END
START in which era, did the first phylum of organisms appear? END
START what type of diversity showed an overall extinction trend? END
START in which event did the vertebrates collapse in the carboniferous? END
START who describes the "evil quartet"? END
START what describes habitat destruction, overkill, introduced species, and secondary extinctions? END
START what describes habitat destruction, invasive species, pollution, human over-population, and over-harvesting? END
START what is the most authoritative classification in use today? END
START what funding organization uses the iucn's classification of direct threats? END
START who describes the "iucn"? END
START what describes habitat destruction, overkill, introduced species, and organization extinctions? END
START what describes habitat destruction, invasive species, pollution, human over population, and over-conservation? END
START what is the most invasive classification in use today? END
START what funding organization uses iucn's classification of direct population? END
START what can threaten endemic species with extinction? END
START what are another names for genetic pollution? END
START what causes genetic pollution? END
START what are are side-effects of introduction and invasion? END
START what behavior causes swamping of a gene pool? END
START what can threaten morphological species with extinction? END
START what is another name for interbreeding? END
START what causes introgression pollution? END
START what are side-effects of introduction and pollution? END
START what behavior causes swamping of a normal adaptation? END
START what is the estimate age of the earth? END
START what era contains the earliest undisputed evidence of life on earth? END
START what is the name of the era that predated life on earth? END
START where were the billion year old microbial mat fossils found? END
START where were the 3.7 billion-year-old metasedimentary rocks discovered? END
START what is the estimate age of rocks? END
START what era contains the earliest undisputed evidence of rocks on earth? END
START what is the name of the era that predated rocks on earth? END
START where was the 4.54 billion year old graphite found? END
START where were the 3.7 billion year old fossils found? END
START what suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest biodiversity in history? END
START why are some scientists uncertain about the fossil record? END
START what is the estimate variation of the present global macroscopic species diversity? END
START what appears increase continually in the absence of natural selection? END
START what suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest scientists in history? END
START why are some scientists uncertain about the diversification of life? END
START what is the time estimate variation of the present global fossils? END
START what appears to increase continually in the absence of fossils? END
START what do some scientists believe is not much different from biodiversity 900 million years ago? END
START what are two types of agricultural diversity? END
START what type of diversity includes the crops which a farmer has encouraged, planted or raised? END
START what type of diversity arrives uninvited? END
START what type of diversity includes herbivores and pathogens? END
START what are two types of uninvited diversity? END
START what type of diversity included the crops which a farmer has uninvited? END
START what type of agriculure arrives uninvited? END
START what type of agricluture includes herbivores and pathogens? END
START what can be divided by covers? END
START what is becoming an international political issue? END
START what issue is closely linked with changes in biodiversity? END
START what changes in biodiversity have an effect on the climate? END
START what types of species disappear when a new disease is introduced? END
START what is becoming an international population issue? END
START what issue is closely linked with changes in the west nile virus? END
START what changes in biodiversity have an effect on human health? END
START what types of west nile virus disappear when a new disease is introduced? END
START what is causing biodiversity's relevance to human health to become an international  population issue? END
START how many mass extinctions have happened since life began on earth? END
START when was the period where the majority of multicellular phyla first appeared? END
START what happened in the carboniferous? END
START when was the permiantriassic extinction event? END
START how long did vertebrate recovery take? END
START how many mass extinctions have happened since the cambrian? END
START when was the period where the majority of biodiversity appeared? END
START what happened in the several minor events? END
START when was the first cambrian extinction event? END
START how long did rainforest recovery take? END
START what century started the increase of species invasions? END
START who intentionally and unintentionally moves species around? END
START what invaders are causing changes in the great lakes region? END
START what invaders are causing changes along the north american atlantic coast? END
START what century started the increase of habitat invasions? END
START who intentionally and unintentionally moves habitats around? END
START what invaders are causing invasive plants in the great lakes region? END
START what invaders are causing invasive plants to be along the north american atlantic coast? END
START how many plant species does brazil's atlantic forest contain? END
START how many vertebrates does brazil's atlantic forest contain? END
START which country has the highest rate of species by area unit worldwide? END
START which country has about 10% of the species on earth? END
START what island separated from mainland africa 66 million years ago? END
START how many plant species does africa contain? END
START how many vertebrates does africa contain? END
START which country has the highest rate of mammals by area unit worldwide? END
START which country has about 12 percent of the species on earth? END
START what island separated from africa 240 million years ago? END
START what limits the amount of life that can live at once on earth? END
START what type of animal shows a logistic pattern of growth? END
START what type of animal shows an exponential rise in diversity? END
START what percentage of potentially habitable modes have tetrapods not yet invaded? END
START what limits the amount of habitable modes on earth? END
START what type of animal shows a logistic pattern of diversity? END
START what type of animal shows an exponential pattern of growth? END
START what percentage potentially habitable modes has life in the sea not yet invaded? END
START without whose influence would sea growth increase? END
START what was the increase in population from 1950 to 2011? END
START what year started the increase of population to 7 billion? END
START what is the forecast plateau that the population will reach during the 21st century? END
START who is the former chief scientific adviser to the uk government? END
START what was the increase in population from 1957 to 2011? END
START what year started the increase of population to 2 billion? END
START what is the forecast plateau that the population will reach during the 22nd century? END
START who is the former chief scientific parliamentary to the uk government? END
START until at least when will worldwide loss of scientific advisers probably depend much on the worldwide birth rate? END
START what is one of the great agricultural challenges that farmers face? END
START what farms use biologically destructive pesticides END
START what farmers use integrated pest management strategies? END
START what farmers are generally less dependent on capital, biotechnology and energy? END
START what is one of the great polyculture challenges that farmers face? END
START what farms use polyculture destructive pesticides? END
START what farmers use integrated capital management strategies? END
START what farmers are generally less dependent on monoculture farms? END
START what is the approach on a biotechnology farm? END
START what types of parks receive special protection against damage or degradation? END
START who selects national parks? END
START what is the goal of protecting national parks from damage? END
START who usually owns and manages national parks? END
START what activities are prohibited in national parks? END
START what types of parks receive special protection against conservation? END
START who selects designated trails? END
START what is the goal of protecting national parks from roads? END
START who usually owns and manages roads? END
START what activities are prohibited on roads? END
START who is the german federal environment minister? END
START what year did gabriel estimate 30% of of all species will be extinct by? END
START how many plant species are close to extinction? END
START 2012 studies estimated what percentage of mammals could be extinct in 20 years? END
START who is the german federal estimates minister? END
START what year did gabriel estimate 50 percent of all species will be extinct by? END
START how many plant species are increasingly observed? END
START what percentage of animals did 2007 studies estimate could be extinct in 20 years? END
START when did sigmar gabriel cite species-area theory? END
START what is systematically related to the numbers of species? END
START what animals are more sensitive to reduction in habitat area? END
START how is a standardized ecosystem formed? END
START what leads to biodiversity loss is some countries? END
START what is systematically related to the numbers of communities? END
START what animals are more sensitive to reduction of community area? END
START how is a community ecosystem formed? END
START what leads to biodiversity loss in some species? END
START what destroys the more diverse species? END
START what animal unintentionally invaded the us waterways? END
START what animal intentionally invaded hawaii? END
START what animals were not vulnerable to the mongoose? END
START what countries experienced unintended consequences from species invasion? END
START what animal intentionally invaded the us waterways? END
START what animal unintentionally invaded hawaii? END
START what animals were not vulnerable to the zebra mussel? END
START what countries experienced intended consequences from species invasion? END
START what is true about the introduction of the zebra mussel in hawaii? END
START what type of science is firmly fixated on the visible world? END
START what type of life is more metabolically diverse than multicellular life? END
START what type of life is more enviromentally diverse than multicellular life? END
START what rate supports the holocene extinction hypothesis? END
START what type of science is firmly fixated on rna? END
START what type of life is more metabolically diverse than extinction? END
START what type of life is more environmentally diverse than extinction? END
START what rate supports the earth extinction hypothesis? END
START how many species that have been described have been extinct? END
START what term describes the number and variety of plants, animals and other organisms in existence? END
START what ensures the survival of human species by providing food, shelter, other resources to mankind? END
START what influences richness of biodiversity? END
START what term describes all the species of plants in existence? END
START what term describes the components of insects? END
START what ensures the survival of human species by providing insects? END
START what influences richness of insects? END
START what term describes all the species of insects in existence? END
START how many species of insects are known to date? END
START which scientist first used the term biological diversity? END
START what book first contained the term biological diversity? END
START what decade did the term biological diversity become common usage in science and economics? END
START who introduced the term biological diversity to the scientific community? END
START what term was common before biological diversity? END
START which scientist first used the term biology? END
START what book first contained the term biology? END
START what decade did the term biology become common usage in science and economics? END
START who introduced the term biology to the scientific community? END
START what term was common before biology? END
START what provides critical support for drug discovery and the availability of medicinal resources? END
START what percentage of us drugs are derived from plants, animals, and micro-organisms? END
START what percentage of worldwide drugs are derived from nature? END
START what field has biodiversity made critical advances in? END
START what provides critical support for drug discovery and the availability of economic resources? END
START what percentage of us drugs are derived from synthetics? END
START what percentage of worldwide drugs are derived from synthetics? END
START what field has economic resources made critical advances in? END
START what ecosystems are particularly natural? END
START what popularized the use of conventional hybridization to increase yield? END
START what did the high yield strains become resistant to? END
START who has been pushing for hybridization? END
START what caused the loss of biodiversity? END
START what popularized the use of conventional genetic erosion to increase yield? END
START what did the high yield governments become resistant to? END
START who has been pushing for indigenous breeds? END
START what caused the loss of local governments? END
START what do conventional breeds often originate in? END
START what is the ascii based on? END
START how many specific characters are there in the ascii code? END
START how many are non-printing control characters? END
START how many characters are printable characters?  END
START what is the space also known as what? END
START what is based on the binary alphabet? END
START how many specific characters are there in the ascii teletype machines? END
START what did encoded numbers originate with? END
START how many definitions are printable characters? END
START what alphabet is invisible graphic:223 based on? END
START why was the code patterned so that most codes were together? END
START how many positions are in the first two columns? END
START what did the committee decide was important? END
START where was the letter a places in position? END
START why were the lowercase letters patterned so that most codes were together? END
START how many positions are are in the first numeric codes? END
START what did the committee decide would help with special signs? END
START where were the letters dec in position? END
START why were numeric codes converted to graphic codes? END
START ascii was incorporated into what other character set? END
START how many of the symbols are the same in the beginning of the ascii and unicode? END
START what set is backward compatible with 7-bit ascii? END
START ascii was incorporated into what other extensions? END
START how many of the symbols are the same in the end of the ascii and unicode? END
START what set is backward with 128 symbols? END
START what was incorporated into the unicode extensions? END
START what is a utf-8 file containing iso-8859-1 identical to?  END
START what casued the automatic paper tape reader to stop? END
START what caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again? END
START what was the warning signal called that warned the sender that there was impending overflow? END
START what two controls can be configured with 33 asr? END
START what caused the paper tape reader to send a signal warning? END
START what caused the automatic paper tape reader to output control technique? END
START what was the warning signal that warned tape that there was impending overflow? END
START what two controls can be configured from a mobile phone? END
START what is impending overflow replaced by on some systems? END
START what are glass ttys also known as? END
START what did gary kildall clone to create cp/m? END
START when was the introduction of pc dos? END
START what programming did ibm use in the 1970s? END
START what was ibm's pc dos marketed as by microsoft? END
START what did gary klidall clone to create pc dos? END
START when was the introduction of ibm? END
START what programming did dec use in the 1970s? END
START what was ibm's pc dos marketed as by ascii? END
START what is another name for teletype machines? END
START what was created to solve the problem for ansi c? END
START why was their use limited? END
START what did many programmers keep their computers on? END
START what what happening to the words that were sent from programmers? END
START what was created to solve the problem for usenet? END
START what did many programmers keep their sandwiches on? END
START what was happening to the c trigraphs that were sent from programmers? END
START what was "{, }" supposed to mean? END
START what did germans get used to? END
START what was ascii based on? END
START ascii specifies correspondence between what?  END
START what does ascii correspondence allow digital devices to do? END
START how many graphic symbols were used before ascii? END
START how many codes were required for ascii? END
START what was the x3.2 based on? END
START ascii specifies alphabetic characters by what? END
START what does ascii graphic symbols allow digital devices to do? END
START how many graphic symbols were used before encoding systems were invented? END
START how many codes were required for the x3.2? END
START when was ascii first commercially used? END
START what was it used for? END
START what did twx use before ascii? END
START who is the father of ascii? END
START what was the code first called in europe? END
START when was ascii first used by berner-ross? END
START what did twx use because to counter slow loading times of ascii? END
START who competed against ascii? END
START what was the twx first called in europe? END
START who competed against eight-bit teleprinter code? END
START what does the "line feed" function do? END
START what character represents the "line feed" function? END
START what does character 8 represent?  END
START what does rfc 2822 refers to what kind of control characters? END
START what do the "line feed" control characters do? END
START what markup languages represent the "line feed" function? END
START what does document layout does 8 represent? END
START rfc 2822 translates what kind of languages? END
START what does not define any mechanism for carriage return? END
START what did some software do to the ascii characters? END
START what interpretation became common in unix systmes? END
START what do most other systmes use the del to mean? END
START what did other systmes us for "remove previously-typed input character"? END
START what did some software do to the digital equipment corporation? END
START what interpretation became common in bs systems? END
START what other systems use for the terminal? END
START what did the first systems use del to mean? END
START what do computers attached to the arpanet use for line endings? END
START what do computers using operating systems use for line endings? END
START why did telnet define an ascii as a network virtual terminal? END
START how were the connections supported?  END
START who else adopted this practice from telnet? END
START what do computers attached to tenex use for line endings? END
START what do computers using standard text format use for line endings? END
START why did telnet define an ascii as ebcdic? END
START how were the network virtual terminals supported? END
START who else adopted this practice from ascii? END
START when was iso/iec 646 published? END
START what was ascii inteded to be? END
START when was iso's first acceptance of an international recommendation? END
START what was causing the confusion and incompatibility of the code points? END
START when was iso's last acceptance at an international recommendation? END
START what was causing the confusion and incompatibility of the shared characters? END
START what were code points ultimately published as? END
START when did the publication's choices cause confusion and incompatibility? END
START what shared no characters in common? END
START what did most early home computers develop? END
START what did kaypro cp/m computers use? END
START what did ibm pc replace the control-characters with? END
START what did digital equipment corporation develop? END
START what did macintosh use instead of graphics?  END
START what did most early graphic characters develop? END
START what did ibm pc replace the code pages with? END
START what did macintosh use instead of hardware? END
START what did digital equipment corporation develop for use in game glyphs? END
START what replaced the greek alphabet with graphic symbols? END
START what does ascii stand for? END
START what is the definition of ascii? END
START what does ascii code represent? END
START asci was the most common character encoding on the world wide web until when? END
START who surpassed ascii? END
START what was ascii designed to represent before going through major changes? END
START ascii was the second most common character encoding on the world wide web until when? END
START who made ascii obselete? END
START what are most fully backward schemes based on? END
START what does most communications equipment represent? END
START why did the committee debate adding a shift function? END
START what is different in a shifted code? END
START why did they decide against shifting code? END
START what happened after they decided agasint shifting? END
START why did the committee debate adding a character code function? END
START what is different in a compact code? END
START why did they decide against deleting all the code? END
START what happened after they decided to make all employees work the same schedule? END
START what allows seven-bit code? END
START what was the "escape" character originally intended for? END
START what does modern esc code do? END
START what does esc generally mean for graphical user interfaces and windowing systems? END
START what was the "escape" character meant to stop? END
START what does esc generally mean for left-brackets? END
START what is most often used as a command sequence? END
START where does esc generally cause an application to abort its given meanings? END
START what is an esc sent to control characters usually in the form of? END
START what did older operating systems use to mark the end of the text? END
START what does eof stand for? END
START what is still the conventional use of the etx code? END
START what else is the end-of-text code known as? END
START what did older operating systems use to mark control code? END
START what is still the conventional use of the eof code? END
START what else does the end-of text code use to track file length? END
START where does a control code usually come from? END
START what is using z as the end of text analogous to? END
START what was ascii developed from?  END
START what was the first commercial use of ascii? END
START when did work on the ascii standard begin?  END
START when was the first edition of the standard published? END
START when was the first major revision of the code done? END
START what did ascii form a subcommittee from? END
START what was the first alphebetization use of ascii? END
START when did work on the ascii preliminary bell code begin? END
START when was the first edition of the bell code published? END
START when was the final revision of the code done? END
START why did the committee consider a 8 bit code? END
START why did the committee decide on 7bit instead? END
START what allowed for a parity bit for error chicking if needed? END
START why did the committee consider a 0 bit code? END
START why did the company decide on 9bit instead? END
START what allowed for a parity bit for data transmission if needed? END
START what did seven-bit machines that did not use parity typically set the eight bit to? END
START how many bits in one position could be recorded by binary code? END
START what was ascii published as and when? END
START how many code positions were left unassigned for furture standardization? END
START when was the change to ascii made official? END
START the lower case letters caused a differ in the patter, what did this cause? END
START how many code positions were left lowercase for future standardization? END
START when was the change to ascii rejected? END
START the lower case letters caused a differ in the pattern, how did this change the vote? END
START who proposed to assign code positions without any meaning? END
START what task group voted its approval for the standardization of ascii stock prices?  END
START what is a retified versionof ascii? END
START what type of extensions do these other character encodings have? END
START why did most countries need a adapted version of ascii? END
START why are the other versions of ascii not true ascii? END
START what is an identical version of ascii? END
START what type of extensions do these other standard bodies have? END
START why did brasil need an adapted version of ascii? END
START why are the other versions of ascii charging extra for extensions? END
START what country had it own version that supported international standards? END
START what was the most influential device that interpretated the characters? END
START what was the teletype model 33 asr? END
START when was paper tape popular? END
START why was paper tape better than magnetic tape? END
START what code eventually became neglected? END
START what was the most influential devide that became de facto standard? END
START what competed with the teletype model 33 asr? END
START when was paper trade classified as earned income? END
START why was paper tape better than timesharing systems? END
START what code eventually became popularized by ascii-1963? END
START why were problems created when transferring files between systems? END
START teletype machines had to have two codes to termanate a line, what were they? END
START where does the name "carriage return" come from? END
START what side does the carriage have to be pushed to when starting a new line? END
START why were problems created when beginning a line? END
START teletype machines had to have entire carriages to terminate a line, what were they?  END
START what side does the carriage have to be pushed to without moving the printhead? END
START what moves the printhead to the various operating systems? END
START which advances the paper where the typebars strike the ribbon? END
START when was the first typewritter with a shift key created? END
START what were used instead of 0 and 1?  END
START what layout did the teletype model 33 use? END
START do shift values for symbols on modern keyboards correspond closely to the ascii table? END
START when was the first typewriter with a 0 key created? END
START what were used instead of underscores? END
START what space character did the teletype model 33 use? END
START what is the official name of code 127? END
START what was code 127 labeled as for the teletype? END
START why did teletype have the code for "rubout"? END
START what is the official name of an existing mark? END
START what was nul named as for the teletype? END
START why did teletype have extra spaces for "rubout"? END
START what happened to replacements of control codes? END
START why was standard code useful for paper tape? END
START why is adding two characters at the ned of a line problemsome?  END
START what id multics use to simplify plain text data? END
START who adopted this practice from multics? END
START what used carriage return(cr) alone as a line terminator? END
START when did apple replace their cr with line feed (lf)? END
START why is adding the unix-based operating system at the end of a line problemsome? END
START what did characters use to simplify plain text data? END
START who adopted this practice from apple? END
START what used carriage return(cr) alone as a data stream? END
START when did amiga stystems replace their cr with line feed (lf)?  END
START what is the first step in the human digestive system? END
START what is saliva? END
START what is in saliva that starts to digest the starches? END
START what is the definition of bolus? END
START what is the action of the food morving down the esophagus into the stomach called? END
START what is the practive of coprophagia behaviours? END
START why do some animals pass food through their gut twice? END
START what happens with these soft feacal pellets? END
START are normal droppings also eaten?  END
START what are the two types of digestion? END
START when did external digestion develop? END
START what still uses the external digestion system? END
START what is the name of the tube that helps add in animal digestion? END
START why is internal digection better than external? END
START what elements can transfer to plant cells? END
START where do transferred genes enter? END
START what do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources? END
START what happens to infected plant cells? END
START what are endosymbionts of the bacteria? END
START where are teeth found? END
START what are teeth used for? END
START what are teeth made out of? END
START what in human teeth enables proprioception? END
START what happens when you bite something you cant chew? END
START what is the fourth and final stomach compartment in ruminants? END
START what is the abomasums close equivalent? END
START what does this site serve primarily as? END
START what happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine? END
START what is also digested in the small intestine? END
START what does a earthworms digestive systme consist of? END
START what does an earthworm eat? END
START what helps the earthworm grab grass leaves and weeds? END
START what is the food coated with for easier passage? END
START what part of the earthworm helps churn and mix the dirt and food? END
START where does the digestions of some fats start? END
START where are fats mainly digested? END
START what happens when there is a presence of fat in the small intestine? END
START what does bile from the liver help do? END
START what is one molecule of fat? END
START what is digestion? END
START in some organisms, how are these molecules absorbed? END
START what are the two ways that food is broken down? END
START what is mechanical digestion? END
START what is chemical digestion? END
START what are three digestions phases? END
START where does the cephalic phase occur? END
START where are taste and smell stimuli sent to? END
START how long does the gastric phase take? END
START how is the gastric phase stimulated to start? END
START what happens in a chennel transupport system?  END
START what three protien subunites are in the chennel transupport system? END
START what does this secretion system transport? END
START what other method does gram-negative bacters use to release material? END
START what happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane? END
START what does the release of vesicles seem to demenstrate? END
START what virulence factors do some bacterial species have? END
START what muscle movements are used for digestion? END
START what does every stpe of digestion require? END
START what does needing energy to digest impose? END
START over head charges influence what? END
START where does digestion begin? END
START what is food formed into before it is swallowed? END
START where does food go after the esophagus? END
START what is the action of food being moved into the stomach? END
START what does gastric juice consist of? END
START what is lactase? END
START what are lactoses component parts? END
START where are glucose and galactose absorbed? END
START what percent of the population are unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods? END
START what is knon as when you are  unable to eat unfermented milk-based foods? END
START what is the resulting thick liquid called? END
START what does chyme mix with in the duodenum? END
START where does hyme go after the duodenum? END
START where is chyme absorbed into? END
START where does 95% of absobtion of nutrients occur? END
START what is the firs phase in preparation for digestion  in mammals? END
START what is the cephalic phase? END
START what digestions begin in the mouth? END
START what happens in the stomach after the food is chewed and mixed with starches? END
START where does absorption occur? END
START where does protein digestion occur? END
START what are the three main enzymes that break down food? END
START what are digestive enzymes mostly secreted as? END
START what are dipeptidases broken down into? END
START what organ secretes chymotrypsin? END
START what is the maximum length of a runway? END
START who gets to chose where a gymnast starts to run on the runway? END
START what position is the gymnast when in the air? END
START what are later added to the landing by advanced gymnasts? END
START what do successful vaults depend on other than speed of the run? END
START when does a gymnast put both hands in the air? END
START what is kicking? END
START what do the judges choose? END
START what is it called when gymnasts do routines with their team? END
START what rules state that only women can compete in rhythmic gymastics? END
START what does rhythmic gymastics combine together? END
START what five seperate apparatuses are used in the five separate routines? END
START which is more focused on, aesthetics or acrobatics? END
START how many possible points are there for rhythmic routines? END
START what rules determine what women are allowed to wear? END
START what places a greater emphasis on the acrobatic rather than the aesthetic? END
START what items do men use? END
START what sport combines elements of jumping, bars, and tumbling? END
START how many points do gymnasts need to get to the second round? END
START what does agg stand for? END
START why is agg different than rhythmic gymnastics?  END
START do athletes use apparatuses in the international agg competitions? END
START what physical qualities are needed for rhythmic gymastics?  END
START what year was the federsation of aesthetic group gymnastics established? END
START what is another name for rhythmic gymnastics? END
START what is used on the floor area in agg? END
START what characterized a bad performance? END
START in what year did agg begin? END
START what language does the word expression come from? END
START what is the rope made out of that the gymnists uses in their routine? END
START how long is the rope? END
START what are at the ends of the ropes to help the gymnists hold it? END
START what other requirement is there for the rope? END
START when did fig decide to nullify the use of ropes in competition? END
START what is made out of cotton and reeds? END
START why are the ropes covered in powder? END
START what is the anti-slip material made from? END
START in what year were ropes first used in the gymnastic world championships? END
START what is the length of gymnast head bands? END
START where was the fig founded? END
START what year was fig founded? END
START when was gymnastics included in the olympics? END
START when were the first women's olympic competitions held? END
START where were the first women's olympic competitions held? END
START what year was the bit founded? END
START where were the first olympic games held? END
START what events were in the first men's gymnastics? END
START when did athletes start getting medals? END
START when did the first south american country compete in the olympic games? END
START how long is the run way in vaulting? END
START how man feet do vaulters land on? END
START what determines where a vaulter starts on the runway? END
START what is a round-off entry vault called? END
START what is the most common vault in elite level gymnastics? END
START what factors in to a gymnast's score? END
START what do gymnasts do while waiting for their turn? END
START what vault leaves gymnasts in a hand stand? END
START in what kind of events do gymnasts jump through fire? END
START what is the most dangerous vault in elite gymnastics? END
START how are gymnasts scored? END
START how is the start vaule determined? END
START what is this score called? END
START deductions in execution and artistry are taken from what score? END
START what were added to scoring in 2007? END
START what is another name for a 10.0? END
START what is it called when a gymnast barely passes? END
START what score is determined by the fans? END
START when was the e score first implemented? END
START what deductions are taken from the e score? END
START when were the technical rules for the japanses version of men's rhythmic gymnastics formed? END
START how many apparatuses are used? END
START what are the types of apparatuses used? END
START what apparatuses do groups use? END
START when did japan hold the first of the men's rhythmic gymnastics world champtionship? END
START when did the technical rules for women's rhythmic gymnastics come around? END
START what does the soviet version include? END
START when did china first host the men's rhythmic gymnastics world championship? END
START what apparatus types are only used in japan? END
START who hosted the first gymnastics world championship? END
START what greek word did gymnastics derive from? END
START what does the  verb gymnazo mean? END
START why was this verb used? END
START when did the word come into use? END
START when did gymnasts start competing with clothing? END
START what does the word gymnoto mean? END
START what greek noun means "naked"? END
START what language does gymnazein come from? END
START what word means playing in the gymnasium? END
START what year was the olympic games apparatus and events standardized? END
START what is the grading structure? END
START who set the first precedent that continues this day? END
START who recieved the first perfect score? END
START what year and where was the first perfect score given? END
START when did men and women start wearing matching uniforms? END
START who wanted the olympic games to be held every year? END
START what medium gave gymnasts a bad reputation? END
START who received a perfect score at the 1980 olympics? END
START who was the first gymnastics judge? END
START what does a typical pommel horse exercise consist of? END
START single leg skills are found in the form of what normally? END
START what is the main staple of this event? END
START when does the routine end? END
START what are two ways that a gymnist dismounts? END
START what exercise involves single arm and double arm work? END
START what is it called when a gymnast cartwheels on a pommel horse? END
START when do routines begin? END
START why do gymnasts dismount? END
START what is a critical skill in terms of execution in scores? END
START where do most injuries happen? END
START how do you avoid injuries? END
START what is a successful landing? END
START what kind of pass limits injuries? END
START what injuries are caused when using the wrong mat? END
START in what kind of landing are the knee and hip joints at less than 63 degrees of flexion?  END
START what is the most dangerous gymnastic routine? END
START what kind of landings cause gymnasts to lose points? END
START individual routines start with what phases? END
START what does the gymnast do during the 10 bounces. END
START what is the maximum scroe for routines? END
START how can additional points be earned? END
START in high level competitions how many preliminary rountines are there? END
START what routines involve the gymnast jumping once to achieve height? END
START how many moves must be shown to the judges? END
START what happens if a gymnast falls down? END
START how many preliminary routines are there in novice competitions? END
START what happens if the athlete does not know the assigned moves? END
START what are the uneven bars? END
START what are these bars made out of? END
START why are the bars not made of wood anymore? END
START how have the bars changed over the years? END
START how do gymnasts normally mount the uneven bars? END
START why are uneven bars round? END
START what did gymnasts do to accommodate taller people?  END
START what are gymnasts prohibited from using with uneven bars? END
START what purpose to hand wraps serve? END
START what does a higher flight phase result in? END
START what is vertical ground reaction force? END
START what else is an important aspect that affects linear and agular movements? END
START what does horizontal ground reaction force represent? END
START what overcomes internal force? END
START what happens when gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing? END
START how do gymnasts decrease the time taken to perform the landing? END
START what results in a lower vertical ground reaction force? END
START what was aerobic gymnastics called orginally? END
START what does aerobic gymnastiscs involve? END
START how many people can be in a routine? END
START what is the size of the mat? END
START how long do the routines last? END
START what involves the performance of routines by groups of up to 10 people? END
START what is the minimum floor size allowed by the fig? END
START how long do judges have to submit final scores? END
START when did aerobic gymnastics begin? END
START what determines what props groups can bring? END
START what kind of routines do general gymnastic groups perform? END
START what do the troupes consist of? END
START when was the first world gymnaestrada held? END
START what was the first sport program recongized by fig? END
START how many participants are there? END
START what gymnastics are separated into age divisions? END
START in what year did gymnastics first include men? END
START what enables people of all ages to participate in performance groups of 5 or less? END
START how many gymnasts are governed by fig? END
START in what year did gymnastics start having group performances? END
START what is gymnastics? END
START who governs all events in gymnastics? END
START what does each country have? END
START what are the best known gymnastic events? END
START what events does this normally consist of for women? END
START what are the children's events? END
START what gymnastic event was discontinued? END
START who were the first to use still rings? END
START what sport evolved from polo? END
START what does each city have? END
START what two germans were known for creating exercises on apparauses? END
START what did the exercises lead to? END
START who introduced educative gymnastics in france? END
START what did jahn promote the use of? END
START who was born on february 18, 1770? END
START who was a spanish admiral? END
START who created exercises for girls? END
START who was the first person to introduce educative gymnastic in italy? END
START who designed what led to ancient gymnastics? END
START when did fig decide that scores are no longer limited to 10 points? END
START what are the two different scores? END
START what score was added? END
START how much is a fall deduction? END
START what is a gymnast's difficulty score based on? END
START when were scores first limited to 10 points? END
START which score was thought to be more important? END
START what bonus is awarded if the gymnast arrives on time? END
START what is the minimum gymnastics score? END
START what is used to determine an execution score? END
START what is the floor exercise events performed on now? END
START what was the floor exercise even on before? END
START why helps add an extra bounce to the floor? END
START what is the maximum for floor events? END
START what kind of surface is banned from the olympics? END
START what advantage to wrestling mats have over spring floors? END
START how long do gymnasts have to rest between routines? END
START what happens if a gymnast only used three tumbling lines? END
START how many tumbling passes are required for level 6? END
START what do athletes perform for tumbling? END
START when was tumbling orginally contested at the olympics? END
START where are offical tumbling competitions allowed? END
START what year did fig reconginze trampoline and acrobatic gymnastics? END
START what is involved in trampolining? END
START when were the first pan american games END
START what restriction was placed on tumbling in 1997? END
START what year did the trampoline championships begin? END
START what was contested as one of the events in men's artistic gymnastics at the 1938 summer olympics? END
START what are mens' rhythmic gymnastics related to? END
START where did mens' rhythmic gymnastics develop from? END
START what is the aim of stick gymnastics? END
START what are the main focus? END
START how many mens' rhythmic gymnasts were in japan in 2002? END
START what is related to women's artistic gymnastics and hop scotch? END
START where is dancing most popular? END
START what country practices an unusual form of rhythmic gymnastics? END
START where did gymnastic begin? END
START why do people in japan eat a diet high in fiber? END
START how many uefa championship league titles has barcelona won? END
START how many uefa  cup winners' cup wins does barcelona have? END
START how many uefa super cup wins does the barcelona team have? END
START how many fifa club world cup trophies does football club barcelona have? END
START what club is barcelona's long time rival? END
START in 1925 what incident by the crowd caused the closing of the stadium? END
START how long was the stadium closed? END
START what year did barcelona claim to be a professional football club? END
START when did barcelona win the spanish league? END
START what past president of the barcelona club committed suicide in 1930? END
START how much did barcelona pay to acquire johan cruyff? END
START  for what team did cruyff refuse to play? END
START what dictator's rule was cruyff's reason for avoiding real madrid? END
START what award did cruyff win during his first year with barcelona? END
START when did cruyff win his third ballon d'or? END
START how long did ronaldo remain with barcelona? END
START when did barcelona win a copa del rey and la liga double? END
START when was the centenari of barcelona celebrated? END
START what title did barcelona win in 1999? END
START which barcelona player was the fourth to win european footballer of the year? END
START how many players did barcelona list on the day their transfer ban ended? END
START what event in february did barcelona qualify for for the sixth time? END
START how many consecutive wins did barcelona have in 2010-11? END
START with which team did barcelona have a 1-1 draw in the 2015-16 copa del rey? END
START besides arda turan, what other player became eligible to play in 2016? END
START what team is dominate in won games in la liga? END
START what team has beaten barcelona three times in 80 seasons? END
START what team won the all-catalan copa del rey in 1957? END
START which team has the largest margin win? END
START when was espanyol's margin win of 6-0? END
START besides barcelona and real madrid, what other team has remained in the primera division? END
START what series of wins did barcelona achieve in 2009? END
START how many competition wins did barcelona have in 2011? END
START when was barcelona able to win the continental treble for the second time? END
START how many uefa champions league wins does barcelona have? END
START what is the  number of uefa cup winners' cup competitions barcelona has won? END
START how many uefa super cup awards does barcelona have? END
START what is the number of fifa club world  cup trophies barcelona has? END
START what competition is the predecessor to the uefa cup-europa league? END
START who was murdered on 6 august, 1936? END
START besides being club president, what was sunyol involved in to have caused his murder? END
START what was sunyol called after his death? END
START what was club barcelona considered to represent when on tour in 1937? END
START where did half of the barcelona team seek asylum in 1937? END
START how many consecutive la liga titles did barcelona win from 1991-94? END
START by 1992 who was barcelona's most successful manager? END
START for how many years was cruyff manager for barcelona? END
START what feature of play did cruyff introduce to barcelona? END
START what failure did cruyff have in his last two seasons as manager with barcelona? END
START under whose direction was there disappointment? END
START after gaspart, who was manager of team barcelona? END
START at this time, what type of players were added to barcelona? END
START what season did barcelona win la liga and supercopa de espana? END
START which player won fifa world player of the year? END
START how many times did barcelona win the copa del rey? END
START what team did barcelona beat to win la liga for the 2008-09 season? END
START what team did barcelona beat to win 2008-09 champions league title? END
START which spanish team did barcelona defeat to win the supercopa de espana? END
START when barcelona won 2009 fifa club world cup, what first time feat did they accomplish? END
START when did tito vilanova become manager of fc barcelona? END
START who did vilanova replace as manager? END
START how many total points did barcelona collect during the 20012 season? END
START who was barcelona's top scorer? END
START when was the barcelona team become spanish football champions for the 22nd time? END
START to whom did barcelona appeal to lift the transfer bad? END
START during what year was barcelona not allowed to use  their transfer windows? END
START when was zubizareta fired by the board? END
START what position did zubizareta have? END
START after firing the director, what did barcelona form? END
START how many registered fan clubs does barcelona have worldwide? END
START what are the fan clubs called? END
START how many facebook followers does team barcelona have? END
START what famous cleric was a supporter of barcelona? END
START what is the only team that has a higher attendance rate than club barcelona?  END
START what team is barcelona's local rival? END
START what club was granted royal patronage? END
START what type of group founded espanyol? END
START of what element of barcelona's board did espanyol disapprove? END
START of what does team espanyol view barcelona as a team ? END
START what royal symbol appears on the club's crest? END
START beside a palm, what tree appears on the crest? END
START when was a competition held to produce a team crest? END
START who was the winner of the crest competition?  END
START what flag is on the team crest? END
START what was the number of team barcelona supporters by 1922? END
START what did barcelona build in 1922? END
START how many people could camp de les corts hold? END
START after several expansions how many people could the stadium hold? END
START when was the last expansion of les corts? END
START when did the italians bomb barcelona? END
START why was club barcelona placed under restrictions during the occupation? END
START what kind of signs were removed form club barcelona? END
START what flag was removed from the club's crest? END
START what new named was the barcelona club forced to adopt? END
START how much was the signing payment for diego maradona? END
START when was diego maradona signed by barcelona? END
START who did barcelona defeat the season following the signing of maradona? END
START who was hired as manager in 1984? END
START what caused the loss to steaua bucuresti in seville? END
START when was barcelona founded? END
START who led the founders of the barcelona football club? END
START what is the barcelona motto? END
START how much is club barcelona worth? END
START what is the title of the barcelona club song? END
START in what year did barcelona win its first trophy?  END
START what was the first cup barcelona won? END
START when did joan gamper become the president of the barcelona club? END
START how many times between 1908 and 1925 was gamper president? END
START why did gamper want barcelona to acquire a stadium of its own? END
START what team won the first match in the 1943 copa del generalissimo? END
START what was the score of the second match in 1943 played against real madrid? END
START who is rumored to have threatened barcelona players before the match against real madrid? END
START what journalist alleged that the barcelona team was threatened to make certain of real madrid's win? END
START what was proven about the alleged threats to barcelona before the game? END
START what team was dominate in the 1960s in la liga? END
START due to the emergence of fuste and rexach, what competition did barcelona win in 1963? END
START what competition did barcelona win in 1966? END
START who was present when barcelona beat real madrid in 1968? END
START with franco's dictatorship over, to what did barcelona change their name ? END
START what political group wanted nunez to resign the presidency? END
START  to what did boixos nois idetify themselves as belonging? END
START what right-wing separatists tried to spread fascism to the boixos nois? END
START what did the resulting split in the boixos nois group cause many to support? END
START what did the resulting violence perpetrated by the extremists produce? END
START how did barcelona finish the 2006-07 season? END
START what event was blamed for the injuries to barcelona stars? END
START what team beat barcelona in la liga in the 2006-07 season? END
START to whom was messi's goal in the first leg of the copa del rey compared? END
START what team pushed barcelona out of the champions league play? END
START what competition did barcelona win because of goals by messi and fabregas? END
START which team did barcelona beat to win the uefa super cup? END
START  how many total trophies did  barcelona's super cup win produce? END
START what team did barcelona's total competition wins pass? END
START who is the record holder for most trophy wins as coach of barcelona? END
START when fifa ban barcelona from buying players? END
START what was the fifa  charge that barcelona violated? END
START what fine did fifa impose on barcelona for the rules violation? END
START when did fifa reject an appeal of the rules violation ruling? END
START what did the pending appeal allow barcelona to do anyway? END
START who did barcelona beat to win the 2015 uefa super cup? END
START what team did barcelona defeat to win the 2015 fifa world cup final? END
START what was the only team to match barcelona's record of trophy wins by 2015? END
START how many goals did barcelona score to break the record for most goals in a year? END
START what teams previous record was 178 goals in a year? END
START where did barcelona defeat real madrid for a trophy win in 2005-06? END
START what was the winning score for the game with real madrid at bernabeu stadium? END
START how many wins did frank rijkaard have at bernabeu stadium? END
START what recognition did ronaldinho's second goal receive at bernabeu? END
START what team did barcelona defeat to win the champions league trophy? END
START what caused the suppression of regional cultures? END
START of the languages of the are, what was the only approved language? END
START how did the catalans show their identity during the dictatorships? END
START what team was awarded by franco for having a good relationship? END
START what motto of the team barcelona appealed to the catalans? END
START who was elected as president of the barcelona club in 2010? END
START what percentage of the votes for president did rosell get? END
START what was rosell's record number of votes he received for president? END
START how much did barcelona pay to sign  david villa? END
START what team did barcelona beat in el clasico in 2010? END
START when did espanyol  offer a counter-petition against autonomy? END
START which civil war group did some espanyol supporters join? END
START what event is more relevant to espanyol supporters than to barcelona fans? END
START from what language did espanyol translate their name? END
START how has the rivalry between espanyol and barcelona  changed? END
START what is lionel messi's goal total in all competitions? END
START how many players on the barelona team have scored over 100 goals? END
START what is messi's total goal scores in official competitions? END
START how many goals has messi scored in la liga competitions? END
START who is the next highest goal scorer after mess? END
START what team has won the treble competitions  twice? END
START what competition did barcelona win on may 17 of the 2014-15 season? END
START what team did barcelona defeat to win their 23rd la liga title? END
START what have the trio of players , messi, suarez, and neymar been called? END
START how many total goals have the trio msn  scored in the 2014-15 season? END
START what corporate sponsorship did barcelona agree to in 2006?  END
START how much does barcelona donate to unicef per year? END
START what target does the barcelona donation to unicef match? END
START who recommended setting up the fc barcelona foundation? END
START what was the barcelona foundation meant to attract?  END
START what is the game between the rivals barcelona and real madrid called? END
START what basic difference is there between the teams of barcelona and real madrid? END
START what areas of spain do the teams of barcelona and real madrid represent? END
START what kind of tensions are the two teams viewed as displaying? END
START besides the areas of spain, what other differences are there between barcelona and real madrid? END
START why did the stadium need to be redesigned in 1980? END
START what were people allowed to do to bricks for a fee to support the stadium redesign? END
START how did supporters of the team view the inscriptions on bricks idea? END
START what name inscription was a center of controversy? END
START what is the capacity of the barcelona stadium? END
START how was espanyol viewed as being toward spanish authority by the people of barcelona? END
START what kind of spirit does team barcelona seem to encourage? END
START what type of supporters did barcelona  attract? END
START from where did espanyol draw their supporters? END
START when did barcelona act as a draw to new arrivals from catalan? END
START when were the blue and red colors worn for a game by barcelona? END
START when the colors were first worn, what team did barcelona play? END
START from what source do catalons think the red/blue colors originated? END
START what do the red and yellow stripes of the away kit symbolize? END
START what are barcelona's most often used change colors? END
START how many goals did laszlo kubala score in 256 matches? END
START what titles did barcelona win in 1948 and 1949? END
START when did barcelona sign kubala? END
START in what year did barcelona begin the construction of a new stadium? END
START who blessed the first stone of the new stadium? END
START which sports team has the world's largest social media following? END
START how ballon d'or awards have members of the barcelona team won? END
START how amny fifa world player of the year have members of fc barcelona won? END
START how amny of barcelona's players were picked as the three best players of the year in 2010? END
START where did messi, iniesta and xavi learn their football in barcelona? END
START how many times did barcelona win the pyrenees cup? END
START from what area were the participants of the pyrenees cup competition? END
START when was the pyrenees cup play begun? END
START who was barcelona's first full time coach? END
START when was the last pyrenees cup played? END
START who was the first elected president of the barcelona club? END
START when was nunez elected as president of fc barcelona? END
START what group elects the club president? END
START how long was nunez president of barcelona? END
START what was nunez known to be strict about? END
START what team did favorite play luis figo leave barcelona to join? END
START what kind of treatment was figo offered during visits to barcelona? END
START after figo's departure what happened the next three years? END
START what rank was club barcelona in 2003? END
START after barcelona's poor showing in the 2003 season , who resigned from the presidency? END
START who returned to barcelona as head coach? END
START how long did enrique 's deal as coach run? END
START how much did barcelona pay for luis saurez? END
START why was saurez not playing for four months? END
START who banned saurez for four months after he bit another player? END
START what is the nickname for a barcelona supporter? END
START how much of the spanish population are barcelona supporters? END
START how much of the population of spain are supporters of real madrid? END
START what was the club membership in 2003-04? END
START what did the club membership grow to by 2009? END
START in 1950 what player was successful for real madrid? END
START when did barcelona meet real madrid twice in europe? END
START what was a match between real madrid and barcelona called in 2002? END
START how many people watched the match of the century? END
START which team won the 2002 match between real madrid and barcelona? END
START what did forbes say barcelona was worth in 2010? END
START in what place does the forbes ranking put barcelona? END
START besides real madrid and arsenal,what other team is ahead of barcelona in worth ranking? END
START what was barcelona's revenue in 2010? END
START where  in 2014 did forbes rank barcelona as to how valuable a sports team they are? END
START when did barcelona become the first spanish team to win the treble competitions? END
START in 2009 barcelona became the first team to win six of six competitions in what span of time? END
START what european football team has won the treble twice? END
START during which football season did barcelona win its second treble? END
START what team has played continental football every season since 1955? END
START what tool did hoover use to find bootleggers? END
START in what supreme court case was it ruled that fbi wiretaps did not violate the fourth amendment? END
START what act did congress pass to outlaw non-consensual phone tapping? END
START in what case was it ruled that evidence obtained by the fbi via wiretapping was inadmissible in court? END
START what is now necessary to tap someone's telephone? END
START which president was the first to use wiretaps to find bootleggers? END
START what case centered around a bootlegger caught through phone tapping? END
START what did congress pass to outlaw phone tapping? END
START what is now required to wire tap a citizen? END
START is a warrant required before or after a wiretap? END
START when did hoover stop using wiretapping? END
START in what case did the united states supreme court rule that wiretaps are always unlawful? END
START what act did congress pass that legalized non-consensual phone tapping? END
START in what year did the supreme court rule that evidence obtained by phone tapping was admissible in court? END
START what act of congress allowed authorities to tap telephones without a warrant? END
START which group broke into an fbi office in media, pennsylvania? END
START did the citizens' commission to investigate the fbi take files? END
START what files was the citizens' commission to investigate the fbi's raid mainly focused on? END
START what did the files about cointelpro reveal? END
START how did the us react to these discoveries? END
START when was the citizens' commission to investigate the fbi burglarized? END
START where was the residential office of a cia agent burglarized?  END
START what was a paper that did not receive any fbi files? END
START which congressman had his son investigated by the fbi? END
START what member of congress expressed support for the actions of the fbi? END
START did the fbi reassign agents from counter-intelligence to violent crime? END
START what priority were violent crimes in the 1990s, according to the fbi? END
START did the new priorities of the fbi mean cutting other departments? END
START was terrorism considered a threat after the cold war? END
START what agency pioneered dna testing? END
START how many agents did the fbi reassign before the 1980s? END
START what were 300 agents reassigned from violent crime to focus on? END
START what was the fbi's first national priority? END
START what was still considered a threat after the end of the cold war? END
START when did the fbi's pioneering role in identification end? END
START what agencies were to blame for 9/11? END
START did 9/11 lead to more fbi oversight? END
START did many believe the fbi was resisting important changes? END
START did the people believe they were served well by the fbi? END
START when was the 9/11 commission's first report? END
START what agencies did the 9/11 commission say were not to blame? END
START what did the report conclude could not have been prevented? END
START who privately criticized the fbi in october 2005? END
START when did former members of the 9/11 commission publicly praise the fbi? END
START where is the cjis located? END
START when was the cjis created? END
START what purpose does the cjis serve? END
START where is the data for the ncic located? END
START do states have access to cjis? END
START what opened in 1995 as the oldest agency division? END
START when did the cjis division close? END
START what program is not under the roof of the cjis? END
START what are state and local agencies not allowed to use for their own investigations? END
START what provides tools of sophisticated identification and information services to the fbi? END
START who is responsible for day-to-day fbi operations? END
START who assists the fbi director? END
START what acts were passed relating to the fbi after 9/11? END
START who used to brief the president? END
START who now reports to the president? END
START who makes sure cia field offices are manned with qualified agents? END
START what act was passed before september 11th? END
START who does the president report to? END
START who is responsible for briefing the fbi director? END
START what does the cia director brief the president on? END
START what compiles data from around 17,000 law enforcement agencies? END
START what does ucr focus on? END
START where was the ucr created? END
START what agency compiles data from law enforcement agencies outside of the country? END
START what kind of crimes does the ucr not focus on? END
START when was the ucr disbanded? END
START what percent of data submitted to the cia is in this format? END
START what does not require law enforcement agencies to submit this data? END
START what percentage of cointelpro resources were targeted at fbi labeled subversive groups? END
START did the fbi target mlk? END
START what percentage of cointelpro resources were used to target white hate groups? END
START what were the key white hate groups targeted? END
START what was the term for the liberal groups appearing at this time? END
START how much of cointelpro resources were dedicated to targeting libertarian organizations? END
START who is a civil rights leader that the cia targeted? END
START what percent of cointelpro resources were used to help white hate groups? END
START what group did the fbi not target? END
START what is a group that the cia targeted? END
START what is the fbi comparable to? END
START what kind of agency is the fbi? END
START how many field offices does the fbi have in major cities? END
START around how many offices does the fbi have in minor cities? END
START who serves as the representative of the director of national intelligence? END
START what intelligence agency is comparable to the cia? END
START what does the fbi focus on overseas? END
START how many field offices does the cia have in major cities in the united states? END
START how many field offices does the fbi have outside of the united states? END
START who does a senior level cia officer serve as a representative of in a cia field office? END
START what was the bureau's first task? END
START what act was the bureau initially tasked with enforcing? END
START what was the other formal name of the mann act? END
START when was the mann act passed? END
START when was the bureau renamed? END
START what did the bureau visit during its last official task? END
START what was the last law that the fbi enforced? END
START when was the mann act rejected by congress? END
START what year was the division of investigation renamed the united states bureau of investigation? END
START when was the fbi separated from the department of justice? END
START when did the fbi become concerned about civil rights? END
START what ties did the fbi believe civil rights leaders had? END
START who did hoover send an open letter denouncing? END
START what agency had dr. t.r.m. howard criticized? END
START what was the controversial domestic surveillance operation in this era? END
START when did fbi officials become less concerned about civil rights? END
START what ties did civil rights leaders believe the fbi had? END
START when did dr. t.r.m. howard send an open letter denouncing hoover? END
START what controversial domestic surveillance program did the cia carry out? END
START what was not one of the targets of cointelpro? END
START when did the fbi begin investigating espionage? END
START how many nazis were arrested? END
START what project broke soviet codes? END
START what agency did hoover not tell about the code break and the discoveries gained from it? END
START what did the bureau investigate before the 1940s? END
START how many italian agents were arrested? END
START what project broke nazi codes? END
START what agency did hoover inform about the code break right away? END
START what stopped hoover from pursuing his obsession with the threat from the american left? END
START when did a committee oppose the fbi's organized crime informant program? END
START how many innocent men did the fbi allow to be convicted? END
START what was the death sentence reduced to? END
START how many of the men died in prison? END
START how much was the us government ordered to pay in damages? END
START what did a congressional committee call one of the greatest successes in federal law enforcement? END
START when did the fbi stop four innocent men from being convicted? END
START what was the name of the cia's informant? END
START who found that the bureau had not helped convict four men? END
START how much were the four defendants ordered to pay the u.s. government?  END
START when did the fbi increase it's counter-terrorism role? END
START what prompted the fbi increase in counter-terrorism? END
START where was the world trade center? END
START when was oklahoma city bombed? END
START what did agents within the fbi do to investigations of the agency? END
START what role did the fbi focus more on before 1993? END
START when did the second world trade center bombing occur? END
START who was set free in 1996? END
START what stopped the fbi from ensuring that these three cases were successfully prosecuted? END
START during what olympics was the fbi praised for its investigation? END
START what fbi agent was killed during attacks on the world trade center? END
START what tower was leonard w. hatton jr attempting to evacuate? END
START what did the fbi's new director want? END
START what was the new head of the fbi's top priority? END
START what part of the fbi did mueller want to re-engineer? END
START what cia agent was killed during the attacks on the world trade center? END
START what was hatton trying to do in the north tower of the world trade center? END
START who was sworn in as fbi director a week after the attacks? END
START what was a low priority for mueller? END
START what did mueller not try to protect? END
START when did the washington post publish excerpts from the book spying blind? END
START how many chances to disrupt the 9/11 attacks did the fbi dismiss? END
START what two agencies had a lack of co-operation? END
START what was to blame for the fbi's failure? END
START what did the fbi's decentralized structure prevent? END
START what book did the new york times publish excerpts from? END
START how many times did the cia and fbi disrupt the terrorist attacks of september 11th? END
START what two agencies cooperated well together? END
START what facilitated communication among different fbi offices?  END
START what did the fbi treat special agents as? END
START what increased the powers of the fbi? END
START what was one of the most controversial parts of the patriot act? END
START what new residential powers did the fbi now have? END
START could the fbi inquire into library records? END
START who's library records did the fbi look into? END
START what decreased the powers of the fbi? END
START what did the usa patriot act allow the cia to do more? END
START what is one of the least controversial provisions of the usa patriot act? END
START what agency is required to notify residents of a search on their home right away? END
START what records does the patriot act ban the fbi from looking at? END
START when did the fbi lab first appear? END
START where was the fbi lab? END
START who uses the fbi lab services? END
START how much does the fbi charges for lab services? END
START where is the second fbi lab? END
START when did the fbi laboratory close? END
START where was the cia lab located? END
START where do public tours of fbi headquarters run through after the move to the j. edgar hoover building? END
START what is not a service the lab conducts? END
START what kind of agencies must pay to use the services of the fbi lab? END
START when did the fbi begin the trilogy project? END
START what project centered on upgrading fbi information technology infrastructure? END
START did the trilogy project go over budget? END
START when did the fbi abandon the vcf project? END
START what gun are fbi special agents issued? END
START what are fbi special agents issued if they fail their first qualification? END
START what did the fbi adopt in may 1997 END
START what did the fbi adopt the glock .40 s&w pistol for? END
START what class was the first to receive the glock .40 s&w pistol? END
START what gun are cia agents issued? END
START what gun are fbi agents issued if they fail their second qualification? END
START what gun did the fbi use before 1997? END
START what gun are special agents not authorized to carry? END
START what gun are regional swat teams barred from using? END
START what group of people may apply to join the fbi after age 37? END
START what is the minimum age to join the fbi? END
START is american citizenship required to be an fbi agent? END
START what is a ssbi? END
START who conducts ssbis? END
START what organization is considered easy to infiltrate? END
START what can someone under the age of 23 apply to become? END
START who may not apply to the fbi after age 37? END
START what is not a requirement to be a fbi agent? END
START how do cia personnel receive a security clearance?  END
START did the fbi keep files on elvis presley? END
START what activities was the fbi concerned with during the vietnam war? END
START what kinds of treats were celebrities receiving? END
START what party was the fbi concerned with? END
START who has the fbi never maintained a file on? END
START who was investigated due to ties with the libertarian party? END
START who was investigated for pro war activity? END
START who is a celebrity that did not have threats against them? END
START who is a celebrity that the cia has a file on? END
START who tipped of bulger? END
START what act was the indictment under? END
START how long did bulger remain at large? END
START was bulger on the 10 most wanted fugitives list? END
START what did the revelations about bulger cause? END
START who fled from chicago? END
START when was bulger tipped off by his cia handler? END
START when did new england media cover up criminal actions by federal, state, and local law enforcement officials tied to bulger? END
START when was john j connolly cleared of federal racketeering charges? END
START whose murder did john b callahan help to plan? END
START what was virgil griffith focused on? END
START what part of the government was editing its own wikipedia page? END
START what was griffith's tool designed to detect? END
START what did griffith's tool help increase? END
START how as griffith's wikipedia scanner viewed by wikipedia? END
START what organization viewed wikiscanner negatively? END
START what did not motivate griffith? END
START what was the tool not designed to do? END
START what were cia computers used to do? END
START how did the fbi view wikiscanner? END
START when did the fbi announce robert hanssen's arrest? END
START what was hanssen arrested for? END
START when was hanssen a spy for russia/the su? END
START how many life time sentences is hanssen serving? END
START what much money did hanssen receive in cash? END
START who had spied for the soviet union before 1979? END
START what year did robert hanssen die? END
START where did hanssen escape custody? END
START how much did the fbi pay hanssen to spy on russia? END
START who sold russian secrets to the fbi? END
START what agency is the domestic intelligence and security service for the us? END
START what organization is the fbi a subset of? END
START what director does the fbi report to? END
START how many categories of federal crimes does the fbi have jurisdiction over? END
START what is the domestic intelligence and security service for the united kingdom? END
START what is under the jurisdiction of the fbi? END
START who does the u.s. intelligence community report to? END
START who has jurisdiction over more than 200 categories of state level crime? END
START how many categories of federal crimes does the u.s. intelligence community have jurisdiction over? END
START who was director from 1924 to 1972? END
START how many years was hoover the fbi director? END
START what laboratory was hoover responsible for creating? END
START what was the other name for the scientific crime detection laboratory? END
START when did the fbi laboratory open? END
START who served as fbi director before 1924? END
START what year did the fbi laboratory officially close? END
START what laboratory was hoover responsible for destroying? END
START what was the tenure limit for fbi directors before hoover's death? END
START what passed legislation to set the tenure limit of cia directors to ten years? END
START what kind of work was the fbi focused on? END
START how many legat offices does the fbi operate? END
START why does the fbi operate legat offices? END
START do legat offices conduct unilateral operations in host countries? END
START what do oversea operations require? END
START how many legat offices does the cia operate? END
START how many sub-offices in u.s. embassies does the cia have? END
START why does the cia operate legat offices? END
START what intelligence agency conducts unilateral operations in host countries? END
START what is not important in overseas operations? END
START when did the bureau begin compiling a custodial detention list? END
START when would the people on the custodial detention list be arrested? END
START who were the majority of names on the custodial detention list? END
START when was pearl harbor bombed? END
START what group did the fbi continue surveillance on? END
START when did the bureau stop compiling a custodial detention list? END
START when did hoover stop robert shivers from detaining those on the list? END
START how many issei men were released from fbi custody? END
START what executive order blocked removing japanese americans from the west coast? END
START which fbi director supported executive order 9066? END
START what was the top hoodlum program a response to? END
START what did the top hoodlum program gather information on? END
START after the rico act took effect what did the fbi start investigating? END
START what groups did hoover deny the existence of? END
START is the rico act still used today? END
START how did the fbi respond to organized crime before 1953? END
START what did the fbi do before the rico act took effect? END
START what did hoover confirm the existence of? END
START who was the head of a crime family the cia targeted? END
START what act is not longer in use? END
START what spurred the fbis technological upgrade? END
START what team underwent a technological upgrade in 1991? END
START what were citac and nipc created to deal with? END
START what were computer viruses seen as a threat to? END
START did the fbi increase electronic surveillance? END
START when did the fbi undergo a technological downgrade? END
START what team underwent a technological downgrade in 1991? END
START what was citac and nipc unable to deal with? END
START when did congress get rid of hipaa? END
START when did the cia receive a technological upgrade? END
START what precision did the fbi believe they could reach with chemical signatures? END
START how long was the national academy of sciences independent review? END
START what did the national academy of sciences independent review discover about the fbis analytical model? END
START why did the fbi stop doing bullet lead analysis? END
START what did the cia crime lab believe about lead in bullets? END
START who conducted a 15-month independent review of comparative bullet-lead analysis? END
START who published a report confirming that the fbi model was correct? END
START when did the national research council confirm that the fbi's bullet analysis was correct? END
START what did the cia stop using bullet lead analysis? END
START what is the fbi's main tool against organized crime? END
START what act is the fbi required to enforce? END
START what organization does the fbi prosecute violations of the united states civil rights act with? END
START what organization does the fbi share jurisdiction with? END
START what substance act does the fbi enforce? END
START what is the fbi's least used tool against organized crime? END
START what is the cia also responsible for? END
START what is not required to enforce compliance with the united states civil rights act of 1964? END
START what enforcement does the fbi not share with the dea? END
START where does the fbi not investigate violations of the civil rights act? END
START when does the fbi work with the us coast guard and us customs and board protection? END
START when does the fbi work with the national transportation safety board? END
START what organization in the us government investigates the largest array of crimes? END
START what organization did general ashcroft assign to lead organization in terrorism investigations? END
START what are the fbi and ice-hsi both members of? END
START what agency usually works alone, without the help of other agencies? END
START what is an agency the cia works in conjunction with? END
START what agency is responsible for investigating automobile crashes? END
START what agency investigates the smallest range of crimes? END
START what did general ashcroft do before the september 11th attacks? END
START where are agents sent to become fbi special agents? END
START where is the fbi academy? END
START how long is the course required for all special agents? END
START what other groups does the fbi academy train? END
START where is the cia academy located? END
START what is not required to become a special agent? END
START when did the fbi academy close?  END
START what is a cia unit that resides at quantico? END
START who does the academy not train? END
START did the fbi investigate martin luther king jr.? END
START who did mlk begin criticizing in the mid-1960s? END
START what group did mlk believe needed more attention from the fbi? END
START what did hoover call mlk? END
START what kind of letter did the fbi send to mlk? END
START when did king publicly praise the fbi? END
START what group did the fbi believe needed more attention? END
START what did mlk call hoover? END
START what kind of letter did mlk send to the fbi? END
START what year did king send a package to the fbi? END
START what is the goal of the nibrs? END
START who uses the nibrs? END
START what is the nibrs used for? END
START what does the nibrs collect information on? END
START does the nibrs system or ucr system have more detailed data? END
START what system do canadian law enforcement agencies use? END
START what agencies do not generate nibrs data? END
START what are group c offenses? END
START what offers less detail than the ucr system? END
START how many law enforcement agencies submit ucr data? END
START what puerto rican leader did the fbi spy on? END
START what party was pedro albizu campos part of? END
START how many times was pedro albizu campos convicted of attacks on us officials? END
START who released the campos operation to the public? END
START when was the abizu campos operation made public? END
START what independence leader did the cia spy on? END
START what spied on the cuban independence leader? END
START what u.s. congressman covered up the fbi operation? END
START what act made the abizu campos operation secret? END
START when did luis gutierrez cover up the abizu campos operation? END
START what office contains the fbi's administrative offices? END
START who manages each fbi branch? END
START what is a fbi branch divided into? END
START who heads an office or division? END
START who leaders the sub-divisions of offices or divisions? END
START what office contains the cia's administrative offices? END
START who manages each cia branch? END
START what is a cia branch divided into? END
START what contains only a few fbi administrative offices? END
START what is not led by an executive assistant director? END
START where is the fbi located? END
START where are specialized fbi functions located? END
START where is the fbi's data campus? END
START what act is the fbi required to process requests for? END
START how many sets of fingerprints does the fbi have? END
START where is the cia headquarters located? END
START how many field offices in major cities does the cia have? END
START how many legal attaches does the cia employ? END
START how many sets of fingerprints from outside the united states does the fbi store? END
START where is the cia moving its records management division to? END
START what was the electronic eavesdropping system used by the fbi during the clinton presidency? END
START what did carnivore monitor? END
START what was carnivore renamed to? END
START when did the fbi abandon carnivore? END
START what kind of software replaced carnivore? END
START what was the name dcs1000 changed to? END
START what software system received prolonged positive coverage in the press? END
START what administration did the cia implement carnivore under? END
START in what year did the fbi stop using commercially available software? END
START what is an example of software that is not available commercially? END
START who appoints fbi directors? END
START what legislative body confirms fbi directors? END
START how long is the term of a fbi director? END
START what made hoover stop serving as the fbi director? END
START who is the current fbi director? END
START who appoints the president of the united states? END
START what legislative body confirms u.s. presidents? END
START how long is the term of a u.s. president? END
START who was the shortest serving fbi director? END
START when did fbi director comey resign? END
START when did the fbi first appear in popular media? END
START what notable tv show was concerned with fbi investigations of the paranormal? END
START what is the tv drama 24 designed on? END
START who is the movie point break based on? END
START who is the movie donnie brasco based on? END
START what was frequently depicted in popular media before the 1930s? END
START what is not a notable portrayal of the fbi on television? END
START what has the fbi never done with popular media? END
START what is patterned after the counter terrorist unit? END
START what 1991 movie is not based on a true story? END
START how many times did fbi agents first their weapons from 1993 to 2011? END
START how many times were fbi shots not justified? END
START how many people were wounded in the cases where fbi shooting was not justified? END
START how did samuel walker describe the number of unjustified shots fired? END
START on what was the shooting of an innocent maryland man deemed justified? END
START how often did fbi agents fire their weapons before 1993? END
START what professor said the number of shots found to be unjustified was suspiciously high? END
START how many people did the fbi wound before 1993? END
START during what period did the fbi find all shooting by fbi agents to be unjustified? END
START how much did the cia pay out to an innocent man that was shot? END
START when did puerto rican nationalist filiberto ojeda ros die? END
START who killed filiberto ojeda ros? END
START how did some people describe filiberto ojeda ros's death? END
START how did the fbi respond to requests to release information beyond the initial press release? END
START what us court dismissed the puerto rican case for information crucial to their own investigation of filiberto ojeda ros's killing? END
START what cuban nationalist leader died in a gun battle with fbi agents? END
START what puerto rican governor praised the fbi assault? END
START what government was informed of the raid? END
START why did the fbi agree to release information? END
START who did not attend ojeda rios' funeral? END
START who were mary's parents? END
START how old was mary when she was consecrated as a virgin? END
START who was mary betrothed to? END
START when she was betrothed to joseph, approximately how old was mary? END
START where was mary consecrated as a virgin? END
START how old was anne when she gave birth to mary? END
START how old was hannah when samuel took her to the tabernacle? END
START who was hannah betrothed to? END
START where did saint joachim and saint anne become betrothed? END
START where was saint anne consecrated as a virgin? END
START which angel appeared to mary? END
START what happened to mary's body at death? END
START what did gabriel announce to mary at the annunciation? END
START how was mary related to jesus? END
START which goespel begins its story of mary with the annunciation? END
START where did mary meet gabriel? END
START where did gabriel first meet jesus? END
START who else was present at the crucifixion of jesus? END
START what state was the tomb in when the angel gabriel found it? END
START when was the assumption dogmatically define by the catholic church? END
START in which papal document was the dogma of the assumption defined? END
START which pope authored munifentissimus deus? END
START other than the roman catholic church, which church holds the doctrine of the assumption to be true? END
START what is another name for the assumption of mary? END
START what year did pope pius xii join the roman catholic church? END
START in what year did mary die? END
START which eastern church did pope pius xii visit in 1950? END
START who authored the dormition? END
START how long in total was the "blood of her purifying" for mary? END
START where did mary bring a burnt offering and sin offering? END
START who was presented at the temple in jerusalem? END
START who prophesized in luke 2:25-38? END
START to which galilean city did joseph and mary take jesus? END
START how many days did mary bring her burnt offering and sin offering to the temple in jerusalem? END
START where did simeon and the prophetess anna travel to? END
START where is the location of the temple where mary heard simeon prophecy? END
START where is the location of the temple where joseph continued in the "blood of her purifying"? END
START to which galilean city did joseph and mary take simeon? END
START what was zechariah's occupation? END
START which tribe did elizabeth belong to? END
START who was aaron's wife? END
START which tribe did elisheba belong to? END
START who was the third son of david and bathsheba? END
START what tribe did luke belong to? END
START who was mary's sister? END
START what priestly division did luke belong to? END
START who was zechariah's sister in law? END
START what tribe did matthew belong to? END
START name the two women present with mary at the crucifixion of jesus? END
START in art, what is the name for the motif of mary cradling the body of jesus? END
START in matthew, who else besides mary of clopas and mary magdalene are with mary at the crucifixion? END
START what does pieta mean? END
START what is a representation of mary at the crucifixion called? END
START what is the name for the motif of jesus cradling the body of mary? END
START who is "the disciple whom jesus loved"? END
START what is a representation of jesus at the crucifixion called? END
START who was the sister of mary of clopas? END
START which egyptian goddess do some scholars ascribe similarities to? END
START what type of goddess is isis? END
START what kind of relationship do some scholars believe exists between isis and mary? END
START what is the name of the goddess that the virgin mary met in egypt? END
START who is considered to be a sister of the egyptian goddess isis? END
START what is the relationship between jesus and the egyptian goddess isis? END
START what is the name of the cult that some scholars subscribe to? END
START in which country is ephesus? END
START whose visions led to the identification of the house of the virgin mary? END
START which disciple is known as "the disciple whom jesus loved?" END
START with whom is it believed that mary lived with in ephesus? END
START in which century was the house of the virgin mary found? END
START where did anne catherine emmerich live? END
START where did irenaeus and eusebius of caesarea live? END
START in what century did anne catherine emmerich meet irenaeus? END
START in what century did mary live in ephesus with john? END
START what evangelist did anne catherine emmerich meet in turkey? END
START in which year was the second council of nicea? END
START in which year did the synod of constantinople confirm the veneration of images of mary? END
START which icon is most venerated in the orthodox church? END
START what is the name given to artistic depictions of mary? END
START in the orthodox church, what types of icons are allowed to be venerated and prayed before? END
START which believers pray to and venerate three-dimensional statues? END
START in what year was the first image of the madonna and child found? END
START in what year was the first image of the virgin theotokos with christ found? END
START what is the name given to the artistic depictions of jesus as an adult? END
START in what year was the orthodox church founded? END
START where is the site of the first church dedicated to mary? END
START which goddess was worshipped in ephesus before mary? END
START who was the author of the book, "survivals of roman religion?" END
START which queen furthered the cult of mary in the 6th century? END
START where was mary rumored to have died? END
START where was the place of artemis' death? END
START in what century did queen theodora meet gordon laing? END
START who read the book, "survivals of roman religion"? END
START what queen regarded the temple of artemis at ephesus as one of the seven wonders of the ancient world? END
START where is the birthplace of artemis? END
START jesus was known as the "king of kings" because of his lieage from who? END
START which name is given to mary because of her role as a protector of captives? END
START who was the mother of jesus? END
START which new testament book provides a basis for the term queen when referring to mary? END
START what did david call jesus when he met him? END
START what did david call mary when he met her? END
START when mary protected the captives of king david, what was she called? END
START when mary assisted kind david in finding his way to jesus, what was the name given to her? END
START when mary provided special counsel for jesus, what name was she given? END
START who wrote polemics regarding roman catholic beliefs about mary? END
START in which year was the immaculate conception dogmatized? END
START which pope was responsible for the dogmatization of the immaculate conception? END
START what does theotokos mean? END
START where did martin luther preach a sermon on marian devotion a month before his death? END
START for how many years were the roman catholic opponents adhering to the marian decrees? END
START what year did martin luther preach at wittenberg? END
START in what year did martin luther stop celebrating marian feasts? END
START with whom did martin luther argue about the veneration of mary? END
START who criticized luther for revering mary and for blurring the line? END
START on what date does the catholic church celebrate the feast of the assumption? END
START what do eastern catholics call the feast of the assumption? END
START on what date of the julian calendar do eastern catholics celebrate the domition of the theotokos? END
START how many great feasts does the eastern orthodox church celebrate? END
START do protestants celebrate marian feasts or not? END
START what is the name of the first feast attended by mary? END
START when did mary attend the feast of assumption? END
START when did mary attend the dormition of the theotokos? END
START when mary finished attending all of the feasts, what were the feasts referred to as? END
START who did mary not get to go to feast with? END
START which color is traditionally used to portray mary in paintings? END
START what rock was used as the source of blue pigment in paints in medieval and renaissance europe? END
START from which country was lapis lazuli imported? END
START lapis lazuli was thought to be more valuable than which precious metal? END
START which ancient empire is thought to have started the tradition of portraying mary in paintings using the color blue? END
START what color does mary like to paint with? END
START what year did mary visit the byzantine empire? END
START what is the name of mary's favorite stone? END
START what country were the travelers from that brought mary the lapis lazuli? END
START what did mary use to trade for the lapis lazuli? END
START according to nontrinitarian belief, what is mary's relationship to jesus? END
START which nontrinitarian theologian says that god cannot approach eveil spirits to redeem them? END
START unittarians, christadelphians and jehovah's witnesses are examples of what kind of church? END
START "mother of god" is an example of what kind of title? END
START why type of churches did emanuel swedenborg visit? END
START who did mary recognize herself as? END
START which nontrinitarian churches once acknowledged mary as "mother of god"? END
START whom did mary give access to the evil heredity of the human race? END
START by what name is mary referred to in the qur'an? END
START which sura in the qur'an describes the visitation of an angel upon zakariya? END
START in how many places does the qur'an give detailed accounts of mary? END
START which gospel provides an identical account of the virgin birth as sura 19 in the qur'an?  END
START who was visited by an angel in sura 19 of the qur'an? END
START who wrote the detailed narrative accounts of maryam? END
START who wrote the account given in sura 19? END
START how many accounts in the are written in the qur'an about mary?  END
START who told jesus that mary would be the mother of jesus? END
START how many gospel narratives are about mary? END
START what term is used to describe the belief that mary remained a virgin for her entire life? END
START which latin father described the belief that jesus' siblings were his cousins? END
START which churches teach that jesus' brothers and sister were step-siblings from a previous marriage of joseph the betrothed? END
START what document teaches that jesus' brothers and sisters were older children of joseph from a previous marriage? END
START which doctrine describes the belief that mary remained a virgin, even though she gave birth to jesus? END
START what is the name of the latin father who is considered jesus' cousin?  END
START what doctrine asserts mary's real and perpetual virginity before the act of giving birth to jesus? END
START what is the term used for mary before giving birth to jesus? END
START who wrote the protoevangelium of james? END
START in orthodox tradition, what comes next in precdence after the theotokos in the order of the saints? END
START what are hymns to the theotokos called in orthodox tradition? END
START in the liturgical sequences of the eastern church, who is placed next in prominence after christ? END
START what is mary proclaimed to be in the orthodox tradition? END
START what do the orthodox believe mary remained to be before and after she gave birth to christ? END
START who did mary proclaim that she was? END
START what church did mary give the theotokia to? END
START who does the virgin mary say that she takes precedence over? END
START what services did mary perform in the eastern church? END
START what is the mother church of the angican communion? END
START which church in the united states is associated with the angican communion? END
START what practice differentiates the angican communon from protestant churches at large? END
START what branch of christianity does the angican communion fall under? END
START who founded the universal authority within the mother church (the church of england)? END
START which church in the united states did mary give universal authority to? END
START how many churches formed the marian doctrines? END
START which church is both "catholic" and "reformed", but also protestant? END
START for what practice did the first protestants criticize the roman catholics? END
START in which century did the council of trent occur? END
START which protestant churches still honor mary? END
START during which historical era did protestant interest in mary almost disappear? END
START marian veneration became associated with which christians after the council of trent? END
START in what century did martin luther honor mary as the mother of god? END
START in which century was the council of trent ended? END
START which protestant churches began honoring mary before the 16th century? END
START during what age did calvin and huldrych zwingli form the council of trent? END
START which doctrine about mary do methodists reject? END
START who was the founder of the methodist movement? END
START what are the sources of beliefs about mary held by methodists? END
START the methodist movement began in which church? END
START which marian doctrine did john wesley uphold in founding methodism? END
START what group founded the doctrine of the immaculate conception? END
START what country was the church in that john wesley departed from? END
START who wrote the the doctrine of the assumption of mary? END
START the methodist movement ended in which church? END
START to whom was mary dedicated while still in the womb? END
START which prophet cared for mary? END
START what is understood to be the holy of holies in islam? END
START where did mary reside in her chilhood? END
START what did god provide for mary? END
START who did mary reside in the temple with? END
START  who gave mary unique access to al-mihrab? END
START who provided zakariya with heavenly "provisions"? END
START who dedicated mary to allah while she still in her mother's womb? END
START where did mary's mother reside? END
START who suggested that jesus was the son of a roman soldier? END
START what was the name of the roman soldier said by celsus to be the father of jesus? END
START origen was a church father in which egyptian city? END
START in which century did celsus suggest that jesus' father was a roman soldier? END
START for what purpose did detractors use the idea of mary's virginity and the virgin conception of jesus? END
START who suggested that panthera was the illegitimate son jesus? END
START what century did panthera become a roman soldier? END
START in what egyptian city did origen visit his church father? END
START in what egyptian city did jesus find the roman soldier? END
START who was celsus an illegitimate son of? END
START what is the literal meaning of theotokos? END
START which branch of christianity gives a diminished role to mary? END
START what is mary called in islam? END
START what is the basis for mary's diminished role in protestantism? END
START which two protestant churches, along with the roman catholic and orthodox churches, believe that mary is the mother of god? END
START which other religion gives sainthood to mary? END
START which church first considered mary a saint? END
START what other religious text do protestants read? END
START what other belief do believers of islam believe? END
START what is the first stage of jewish marriage? END
START which angel announced to mary that she was to be the mother of the messiah? END
START what did joseph plan to do when told of mary's coneption in a dream? END
START where did mary live when she was visited by the angel gabriel? END
START in his dream, who told joseph about mary's conception? END
START what is the last stage of jewish marriage? END
START what angel did joseph meet before he had the dream? END
START where was joseph born? END
START where did joseph live when he was visited by the angel gabriel? END
START where was joseph conceived? END
START which gospel says that mary fulfilled the prophecy of isaiah? END
START until which century was the virgin birth of jesus held almost universally among christians? END
START what hebrew word is used to describe mary in isaiah 7:14? END
START which verse in luke states that mary had "no relations with man" before jesus' birth? END
START along with the nicene creed, which other christian creed asserts the virgin birth of jesus? END
START what century was the apostles' creed written in? END
START when isaiah spoke to mary he called her by what hebrew word? END
START in what century did mary fulfill the prophecy? END
START which creed was written by isaiah? END
START what title is given to mary in the catholic church? END
START what is the latin word from which mary's title of blessed is derived? END
START how many catholic dogmas are there regarding mary? END
START along with mother of god, immaculate conception and assumption of mary, what is the other catholic dogma related to mary? END
START what title did mary give to the catholic church? END
START since mary states that she is not divine, what teachings carry on her statements? END
START where does mary send prayers to? END
START how many latin dogmas are there regarding mary? END
START what state was mary in before giving birth to jesus? END
START what are akathists? END
START how many of the orthodox great feasts dedicated to mary? END
START what is name of the orthodox hymn devoted to mary? END
START which event on the orthodox calendar is related to mary and icon veneration? END
START who wrote the akathist hymn? END
START how many of the of the twelve great feasts in orthodoxy did mary attend? END
START on what day does the mother of god allow icon veneration? END
START how many orthodox feasts are connected with the miraculous icons of the theotokos? END
START what does mary also call akathists? END
START what is the name given to the annunciation in the 1662 book of common prayer? END
START on what date do most anglicans celebrate the visitation of the blessed virgin? END
START what is another name for the feast of the presentation of christ in the temple in the anglican communion? END
START on what date is the presentation of christ in the temple celebrated by anglicans? END
START on what day was the annunciation tradtionally celebrated in england until the 18th century? END
START when did mary attain the special position within god's purpose of salvation as "god-bearer"? END
START when was jesus born of the virgin mary? END
START on what day is the presentation of christ in the temple? END
START what year was the purification of the blessed virgin mary? END
START who brought book of common prayer to england? END
START which theologian described mariology as "the heresy of the catholic church?" END
START protestants hold that mary had what relationship to jesus? END
START protestants reject what practices in relation to the saints? END
START protestants describe mary as devoted to whom? END
START how many pieces of marian music did theologian karl barth write? END
START how many of the saints reject the protestants? END
START mary stated that she was the mother of jesus, but also referred to herself as? END
START what feasts did karl barth attend? END
START who took the very first marian pilgrimage? END
START who do christians believe is prophesized in isaiah 7:14? END
START what is the meaning of the greek word "heos?" END
START which verse in matthew is believed to refer to isaiah's prohecy of the virgin mary? END
START which gospel writer provided a version of the virgin birth that was different than matthew's? END
START what is the english tranlation of the greek word "parthenos?" END
START who knew mary before she brought forth her first born son? END
START where did philip first meet joseph? END
START where did matthew and luke gather with the disbelieving jews? END
START what biblical scholar currently believes that mary was a perpetual virgin? END
START what language does biblical scholar bart ehrmam primarily speak? END
START who did jesus say were his "brother, and sister, and mother?" END
START according to jesus, who is "without honor except in his own town?" END
START what do some biblical scholars claim that jesus' family did with his message during his ministry? END
START who had a conflict with jesus and his family? END
START who did jesus send a message to while he was standing outside? END
START who embraced his family according to the new testament? END
START what was mary reading when she was standing outside? END
START what is the term used for veneration of mary in roman catholic theology? END
START in what year was the hierarchy of latria, hyperdulia and dulia established? END
START who is venerated in the roman catholic practice of dulia? END
START which theologian wrote that mary is considered to be "superior to all created beings," but is not to be the object of worhip? END
START what is the roman catholic term used to denote the worship of god? END
START when did the the second council of nicaea begin? END
START when did the the second council of nicaea end? END
START what is the ortodox term used to denote the worship of god? END
START what is the ortodox term reserved for marian veneration? END
START in what year did sergei bulgakov attend the second council of nicaea? END
START in what year did the third ecumenical council occur in ephesus? END
START whose teachings were addressed at the third ecumenical council? END
START what does the phrase "mater dei" mean? END
START what are the two latin equivalents of the greek term "theokotos?" END
START what is the literal translation of theokotos? END
START in what year did mary attend the third ecumenical council? END
START what is the name of the council where mary meet nestorius? END
START what language was spoken by nestorius? END
START what language was spoken by the church fathers? END
START when did mary meet the church fathers? END
START on what date is the feast of the immaculate conception in the latin rite of the roman catholic church? END
START which pope proclaimed the immaculate conception of mary? END
START in what year did pope pius ix make his ex cathedra proclamation of the immaculate conception of mary? END
START according to the doctrine of immaculate conception, where was mary when she first become filled with grace? END
START what is the greek term that means the same thing as "original sin?" END
START on what day did mary attend the latin rite of the roman catholic church liturgical feast? END
START when did pope pius ix become a roman catholic? END
START what language, besides latin, did pope pius ix speak? END
START in what year did orthodox christians reject the ex cathedra? END
START what book is considered to be the source of many orthodox beliefs regarding mary? END
START at what age was mary consecrated? END
START which priest officiated at mary's consecration? END
START while mary lived in the temple, who was said to have fed her? END
START who blessed the high priest zachariah? END
START on what step of the altar did mary place herself on? END
START for how many years did mary feed angels? END
START who wrote the protoevangelium of james? END
START how old was mary when she traveled to israel? END
START which religion believes that god put a veil between satan and mary? END
START according to shabbir akhtar, what role does islam believe jesus to hold? END
START who does the islamic religion hold to be the one, unique god? END
START what term is used to refer to christains by author shabbir akhtar? END
START who were the only children that could touch satan? END
START when did god remove the veil imposed between them (mary and jesus) and satan? END
START who wrote that allah is not above having a son? END
START who wrote the catholic perspective on mary's immaculate conception? END
START where in jewish literature is the story about panthera found? END
START according to the blackwell companion to jesus, for what purpose was the toledot yeshu written? END
START what is the meaning of the term "parthenos?" END
START during what historical period was the toledot yeshu written? END
START what event does raymond e. brown believe the toledot yeshu describes? END
START who wrote the medieval document the toledot yeshu? END
START who wrote the story of panthera? END
START what affects how jesus views his mother? END
START in what century was the blackwell companion written? END
START who wrote the blackwell companion? END
START how old was mary when she met joseph? END
START where did mary first meet joseph? END
START how old was mary when she conceived? END
START where was mary born? END
START what language did mary speak? END
START where did mary first meet the angel gabriel? END
START where did elizabeth first meet zechariah? END
START what language did elizabeth speak? END
START what did the angel gabriel tell elizabeth whom mary was? END
START who did jesus paint icons and carve statues of? END
START who wrote poems and songs for mary? END
START which church first wrote the mariological themes? END
START who do the saints compose poems and songs about? END
START what airport serves melbourne? END
START what is the main metropolitan train terminus called in melbourne? END
START what is the main regional train and coach terminus in melbourne? END
START what city is known to be home to australia's most extensive freeway network? END
START what country has the world's largest urban tram network? END
START what passenger airport serves melbourne? END
START what is the busiest seaport in melbourne? END
START what is the name of the main metropolitan train terminus called in melbourne? END
START what is the name of the coach terminus in melbourne? END
START who has the most extensive freeway network? END
START what is another name for melborne airport? END
START which airport is the second busiest in australia? END
START which port in melborne is the busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo? END
START what is melborne's main metropolitan train terminus? END
START where is the world's largest urban tram network located? END
START between what year's did victorian aboriginal groups dispossessed? END
START in 1844 how many aborigines resident in squalid camps in melbourne? END
START who appointed five aboriginal protectors for the aborigines of victoria in 1839? END
START who were the people that were power political and economic force in victoria in 1845? END
START how many aborigines were said to be resident in squalid camps in melbourne in january 1844? END
START how many aboriginal protectors for the aborigines of victoria were appointed in 1839? END
START by what year did fewer than 240 wealthy europeans hold all the pastoral licenses? END
START during what years were victorian aboriginal groups largely displaced from their land? END
START when was the gold rush over in melbourne? END
START how did melbourne grow as major port for exporting the agricultural products? END
START what was protected by high tarriffs? END
START in 1863, why was aboriginal population declining? END
START by what year was the gold rush largely over? END
START what was one of the major agricultural products of victoria around 1860? END
START what were some of the reasons the aboriginal population continued to recline? END
START which disease in particular caused the aboriginal population to continue a decline? END
START the aboriginal population declined by what estimated percentage by 1863? END
START what is the most populas city in the australian state of victoria? END
START what is the second most populas city in australia? END
START where is the metropolis? END
START what is the population of melbourne? END
START what are inhabitants of melbourne called? END
START which city is the capital of victoria? END
START which city is the most populous city in victoria? END
START melbourne consists of how many municipalities? END
START what was melbourne's population in 2013? END
START what are the inhabitants of melbourne called? END
START when did severe depression hit melbourne's city? END
START what went into liquidation in melbourne around the 1890's? END
START when did new construction start in melbourne? END
START when did australia have a banking crisis? END
START during what decade did melbourne suffer a sever economic depression? END
START how many "land banks" and building societies collapsed during the 1890s depression in melbourne? END
START how many limited companies went into liquidation during the 1890s depression in melbourne? END
START the melbourne financial crisis was a contributing factor to what banking crisis in 1893? END
START when did new construction start to reimerge after the early 1890s depression in melbourne? END
START what term is given to the slums established on the souther banks of the yarra? END
START in what year was melbourne chinatown founded? END
START which ethninticities contributed an influx of interstate and overseas migrants to melbourne? END
START which community is the longest continuous chinese settlement in the western world? END
START during the second half of what century did the burke and wills expedition give an indication of immigration flows? END
START in what year was a telephone exchange established in melbourne? END
START when was the first electric light installed in the eastern market? END
START in what year was the first line of the melbourne cable tramway system built? END
START in what building was the melbourne internation exhibition of 1880 held? END
START what weather phrase has become part of local popular culture in melbourne and concerns the city's rapid change in weather? END
START what is the lowest temperature on melbourne's record? END
START on what date did the lowest temperature in melbourne's records occur? END
START what is melbourne's highest temperature recorded? END
START on what date was melbourne's highest temperature recorded? END
START what is the tallest tower in australia? END
START which tower is melbourne's second tallest? END
START is the observation deck in the rialto currently opened or closed? END
START on which of melbourne's banks is the eureka tower located? END
START what building is the tallest building in the old cbd? END
START to what areas has melbourne dedicated substantial international investment? END
START in what areas has major inner-city urban renewal occurred? END
START melbourne has sustained the highest population increase and economic growth rate in any australian city according to what organization? END
START how many years did melbourne sustain the highest population increase and economic growth? END
START what is generating high demand for housing in melbourne? END
START what effect has the housing boom had on house prices and rents? END
START which of melbourne's suburbs have seen significant brownfields redevelopment in recent years? END
START what types of surburban development did melbourne policies promote? END
START who was melbourne named by? END
START who was melbourne named in honor of? END
START what year was melbourne officially declared a city? END
START what year did melbourne cease in serving as the nations interim seat of government? END
START melbourne became the capital of what colony in 1851? END
START in what year did melbourne set a target to reduce carbon emissions to net zero? END
START by what year did melbourne state it wished to be completely carbon neutral? END
START which city notably opted not to become carbon neutral in 2009? END
START does melbourne have one of the largest or smallest carbon footprints in the world? END
START who is responsible for regulating pollution in melbourne? END
START who designed the rialto building in 1889?  END
START who designed the winfield building in 1890? END
START which building was listed as the 13th tallest residential building in the world in january 2014? END
START in what year was the eureka tower completed? END
START how does melbourne's skyline rank in terms of other skylines in australia? END
START tasmania was formerly known as what? END
START current central and northern melbourne was explored by whom? END
START how many acres did john batman claim to purchase? END
START how many elders did john batman claim to have negotiated with? END
START on what date did batman reach melbourne? END
START what is locally referred to as the australian dream? END
START which year marked the start of the private automobile's popularity increase? END
START do the docklands, st. kilda road, and southbank areas feature high-density or low-density forms? END
START is much of melbourne's metropolitan area characterized as low-density sprawl or high-density sprawl? END
START when victoria was established as a seperate colony, the need for what followed? END
START during what two decades were the parliament house, treasury building, victoria barracks, state library, and general post office commenced? END
START melbourne's weath was due in part to what event? END
START which writer's festival is home to melbourne? END
START what type of work are the mystery of a hansom cab, monkey grip, and the slap? END
START what do the novels the mystery of a hansom cab, monkey grip, and the slap have in common? END
START where are peter carey, germaine greer, and thomas browne from? END
START what occupation to peter carey, germaine greer, and thomas browne hold? END
START which phrase was coined by george augustus henry sala during a visit to melbourne in 1885? END
START in what year did the land boom reach its peak of development? END
START in what year was a hydraulic facility established? END
START in what year was the apa building completed? END
START what did melbourne's hydraulic facilities help create that spurred high-rise developments? END
START melbourne is the world's most liveable city according to whom? END
START for how many years has melbourne been considered the world's most liveable city? END
START which city is referred to as australia's cultural capital? END
START what is one example of australian contemporary dance? END
START how many of the top twenty high school sin australia are located in mebourne according to the better education ranking? END
START according to the toyal melbourne institute of technology, how did melborne rank as a top university city in 2008? END
START how many public universities are located in melbourne? END
START is the university of melbourne a public or private institution? END
START has there been a recent increase or decrease in international students studying in melbourne? END
START in what year were height limits lifted in the melbourne cbd? END
START which was the first new indoor mall in melbourne? END
START what happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era? END
START which two areas saw a significant renewal after the post-war period and significantly modernised the city? END
START in what year was melbourne the host city for the first olympic games held in the southern hemisphere? END
START previous to melbourne, where were all olympic games held? END
START in what three years was melbourne proclaimed the "world's ultimate sports city"? END
START where did the national sports museum reopen in 2008? END
START which city is so far the southernmost city to host the olympic games? END
START in what year was the first plan for the city commissioned? END
START what was the first plan for the city in 1837 called? END
START on what date did the official general post office open? END
START what was the settlement originally named? END
START was melbourne more or less affected by the late-2000s financial crisis in comparison to other australian cities? END
START which market in melbourne remained strong during the late-2000s financial crisis and resulted in historically high property prices and rent increases? END
START after melbourne, which were the next two fastest growing australian cities in 2009? END
START what is the name given to melbourne's population strategy that was revised in 2008?  END
START how many of the big four banks are headquartered in melbourne? END
START which two of the big four banks are headquartered in melbourne? END
START which city is australia's second-largest industrial centre? END
START which south-eastern suburb is home to nintendo's australian headquarters? END
START melbourne is home to a research and development hub for which auto manufacturer? END
START in what two decades was the layout of melbourne's inner suburbs established? END
START in what year did the melbourne cricket club secure possession of its now famous ground, the mcg? END
START around what year did yarra rowing clubs and "regattas" become popular? END
START in what year was the melbourne cup first run? END
START what was the first public monumnet acquired in melbourne in 1864? END
START what percentage of melburnians speak only english at home? END
START what is the second-most-common language in melborne? END
START the melbourne statistical division population has grown by how many people each year since 2005? END
START what factors make melbourne more attractie than sydney for overseas immigrants? END
START during which seasons are melbourne's temperature differentials most pronounced? END
START which type of weather fronts are responsible for severe weather such as gales, thunderstorms, hail, and heavy rain in melbourne? END
START what is melbourne's koppen climate classification? END
START is melbourne known for changeable or steady weather patterns? END
START what is one cause for melbourne's fluctuating weather patterns? END
START which government project aimed to deepen melbourne ports by dredging? END
START why was the port phillip channel deppening project subject to controversy and strict regulations? END
START up to how many cigarette butts enter the storm water runoff every day in melbourne? END
START what initiative was launched in melbourne in february 2010 as an effort to transition human society towards sustainability? END
START what causes increased pollution and levels of bacteria such as e. coli to rise in the yarra river and its tributaries? END
START investment in what greatly accelerated the outward suburban sprawn and declining inner city population? END
START which government sought to rapidly accelerate the modernisation of melbourne? END
START the widening of what street helped to change the face of melbourne into a car-dominated environment? END
START did the 1969 melbourne transportation plan change melbourne into a more car-dominated or tram-dominated environment? END
START did the rapid rise of motor vehicle ownership and highway developments lead to an increasing or declining inner city population? END
START how many lines does the melbourne rail network have? END
START which rail station is melbourne's busiest? END
START which melbourne rail station was the world's busiest passenger station in 1926? END
START during which financial year did the melbourne rail network record its highest volume of passenger trips? END
START how often does the xpt to sydney depart? END
START which university maintains two major campuses in melbourne and geelong and is the third largest university in victoria? END
START what is the role of the deecd? END
START who oversees education in melbourne? END
START which city is often referred to as australia's garden city? END
START which australian state was once known as the garden state? END
START why is urban melbourne divided into hundreds of suburbs? END
START approximately how many sunny days does melbourne receive annually? END
START what is the range of melbourne's dewpoint temperatures in the summer? END
START which suburbs usually are affected by relatively narrow streams of heavy showers? END
START is port phillip generally warmer or colder than the surrounding oceans and/or the land mass? END
START which act sets functions for melbourne such as urban planning and waste management? END
START from where does the victorian state government operate? END
START contrary to other countires, are public transport, traffic control, policing, and education the responsibility of local or state government? END
START what are the dimensions of the hoddle grid? END
START which edge of the hoddle grid fronts onto the yarra river? END
START what is the name of a popular arcade located within the hoddle grid? END
START which railway station was the busiest in the world in the mid-1920s? END
START in what year was construction on the flinders street station completed? END
START on which street is the a.c. goode house located? END
START who designed the a.c. goode house? END
START what style of architecture is the a.c. goode house? END
START what are the two most popular sports in melbourne? END
START when was the first official test cricket match played at the melbourne cricket ground? END
START where is the australian football league headquartered? END
START how many of the australian football league's teams are based in the melbourne metropolitan area? END
START up to how many afl matches are played each week in melbourne? END
START which port is australia's largest container and general cargo port? END
START how far upstream to water taxis run along the yarra river? END
START how many shipping containers did the port of melbourne handle during a 12-month period in 2007, making it one of the top five ports in the southern hemisphere? END
START which is australia's busiest port? END
START where is station pier located? END
START how many people are employed by the ict industry in melbourne? END
START what percentage of australia's ict workforce is imployed in melbourne's ict industry? END
START in 2008, melbourne overtook what city with the amount of money that domestic tourists spent in the city? END
START how many international visitors did melbourne have in 2004? END
START domestic visitors spend about how much money in the city of melbourne annually? END
START melbourne's population could overtake that of sydney by 2037 or 2039 primarily due to what factor? END
START according to the first scenario projected by the abs, how soon could melbourne overtake sydney's population level? END
START in how many scenarios will sydney remain higher than melbourne in population beyond 2056? END
START which theatre was melbourne's first live performance institution? END
START in what year did the pavilion open? END
START the princess theatre, regent theatre, and forum theatre are members of which of melbourne's theater districts? END
START where are the melbourne recital centre and southbank theatre located? END
START from what year does the sidney myer music bowl date? END
START how many daily newspapers serve melbourne? END
START how many free-to-air television stations service greater melbourne and geelong? END
START from where is c31 broadcast? END
START what type of companies are broadsheet and threethousand? END
START when did melbourne heart become known as melbourne city fc? END
START what are melbourne's two ice hockey teams named? END
START in which river was the annual race to prince's bridge held? END
START where does the soccer club melbourne victory play home games? END
START which basketball club in melbourne plays in the nbl? END
START does melbourne have a high or low dependency on the automobile? END
START how many private vehicles travel melbourne's 13,870 miles of road? END
START which freeway spans the large bolte bridge? END
START which freeway links melbourne and sydney? END
START what have postcode 3000 and melbourne 2030 aimed to do? END
START how many people did carlton have per km2 between 2012 and 2013? END
START how many people did fitzroy have per km2 between 2012 and 2013? END
START according to the australian bureau of statistics as of june 2013, inner city melbourne had a population density of how many people per km2? END
START where are million dollar minute and family feud based? END
START where are dancing with the stars, masterchef, and the block filmed? END
START neighbours, kath & kim, winners and losers, offspring, and underbelly are examples of what kind of media produced in melbourne? END
START which national news-based programs are based in melbourne? END
START which city is known as the game show capital of australia? END
START how many airports does melbourne have? END
START which airport is the city's main international and domestic gateway? END
START which airport is the second busiest in all of australia? END
START what are the only forms of public transport to and from the city's main airports? END
START which rail station was the world's busiest passenger station in 1927? END
START in the 1940s, what percentage of travellers used public transport? END
START in 2003, what percentage of travellers used public transport? END
START in what year was the public transport system privatised? END
START what was the target percentage of public transport mode share that was set by the state government in 2006? END
START who manages the water storage and supply for melbourne? END
START who owns melbourne water? END
START which is melbourne's largest dam? END
START where is the thomson river dam located? END
START how much of melbourne's water capacity is the thomson river dam capable of holding? END
START melbourne experienced rapid growth after 1851 due to the discovery of what? END
START melbourne and which other regional cities became the wealthiest cities in the world during the gold rush era? END
START how much did melbourne's population increase within months of the gold rush? END
START by what year had melbourne overtaken sydney as australia's most populous city? END
START on what date was the first federal parliament convened? END
START where was the first federal parliament convened in 1901? END
START the governor-general of australia resided at the government house in melbourne until what year? END
START where was the federal parliament moved after 1927? END
START during which years did melbourne experience an economic downturn? END
START which city is the center of australia's "rust belt"? END
START the australian grand prix moved to melbourne from where? END
START which government in 1992 began a campaign to revive the economy? END
START which body of water and township of the same name marks the border between melbourne and geelong? END
START little river marks the boundary between melbourne and which city? END
START little river marks the boundary between geelong and which other city? END
START has melbourne's air quality improved or declined since the 1980s? END
START what factors deplete melbourne water supplies? END
START which government announced a $3.1 billion wonthaggi desalination plant in june 2007? END
START how many litres of water will the wonthaggi desalination plant be capbale of treating per year? END
START which factors make melbourne one of the moust vibrant destinations in australia? END
START for how many years in a row has melbourne held the top position in a survey of the world's most liveable cities? END
START what is australia's largest free community festival? END
START how many international overnight visitors came to melbourne during the year ending march 2014? END
START how many domestic overnight visitors came to melbourne during the year ending march 2014? END
START what was the world's first feature film? END
START in what city was the world's first feature film shot in 1906? END
START why were films banned by victorian politicans in 1912? END
START what year were bushranger films banned by victorian politicians? END
START in what "lull" year was on the beach filmed? END
START what are the most common type of housing outside inner city melbourne? END
START is residential architecture in melbourne defined by a single architectural style or an eclectic mix of buildings? END
START are townhouses, condominiums, and apartment buildings found more prevalent in the metropolitan area or outside the city? END
START in which areas does melbourne's diversified economy have strengths? END
START which company is the world's largest mining company? END
START which city is home to australia's largest and busiest seaport? END
START which city is home to australia's second busiest airport? END
START how much money in trade does australia's largest and busiest seaport handle? END
START which city has the largest greek-speaking population outside of europe? END
START which city in greece is melbourne's sister city? END
START what is the most common surname in melbourne's phone book? END
START what is the secondmost common surname in melbourne's phone book? END
START which melbourne based university has campuses in malaysia? END
START which melbourne based college has a research centre in prato, italy? END
START which university is the second oldest in australia? END
START what is the group of eight? END
START what are examples of youth radio stations? END
START which music stations strive to play under represented music? END
START which radio station caters for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender audiences? END
START which station caters to sports fans and enthusiasts? END
START 3mbs and abc classic fm play what type of music? END
START what are the origins of melbourne's tram network? END
START how many passenger trips were made by tram in melbourne between 2013-2014? END
START how many tram stops are on melbourne's tram network? END
START how many routes does melbourne's bus network consist of? END
START how many passenger trips were recorded on melbourne's buses in 2013-2014 END
START when was john born? END
START who did henry marry? END
START who was henry's ally? END
START who backed john's elder brothers? END
START where did henry travel to? END
START who returned to brittany? END
START who was imprisoned? END
START when did richard die? END
START who was the sole surviving son? END
START where was john crowned? END
START whose army pressed up the loire valley? END
START when did philip summon john to attend court? END
START what was john summoned as? END
START what principle did john's predecessors use? END
START what quality did henry ii and richard possess? END
START what century were there contrary opinions expressed about the nature of kingship? END
START what did john suffer from? END
START what happened at the start of john's reign? END
START how long did the inflationary pressure continue? END
START when did john address problems with the english currency? END
START how did he address the problems with the english currency? END
START who was henry's favorite child? END
START when was john appointed the lord of ireland? END
START when did richard i become king? END
START who unsuccessfully attempted a rebellion against richard's royal administrators? END
START who was john's second wife? END
START  nicholas vincent was described as what? END
START when did john have conjugal relationships with isabella? END
START how many children did john and isabella have? END
START when did war with france break out? END
START when was john excommunicated? END
START when was the magna carta peace treaty agreed upon? END
START who won victory over louis and the rebel barons? END
START what prevented the departure of the planned 1205 expedition? END
START when did poitou depart? END
START why did john divert south? END
START why did philip move south? END
START when was henry crowned king of england? END
START what was henry promised as part of his future inheritance? END
START who became the duke of brittany? END
START what was john's nickname? END
START how tall was john? END
START what did john build up? END
START who became a connoisseur of jewels? END
START what did john do in fits of rage? END
START when did hubert walter die? END
START what lead to the king's excommunication? END
START who said pope innocent was an ambitious and aggressive religious leader? END
START when did john make his first visit to ireland? END
START how many knights accompanied john to ireland? END
START how did john offend the local irish rulers? END
START who did henry fight a short war with in 1183? END
START how did henry the young king die? END
START who became the duke of aquitaine in place of richard? END
START when did the war end? END
START when were the papal terms for submission accepted? END
START how many marks did john surrender? END
START where was the agreement formalised? END
START who did john explore an alliance with? END
START what did john do when richard did not return from his crusade? END
START who captured richard? END
START when did the king return to england? END
START who refused to work with puiset? END
START when was longchamp isolated in the tower of london? END
START where did walter of coutances return to? END
START where did the rebel barons congregate? END
START who was the rebel baron leader? END
START what did john instruct langton to do? END
START how long did the new peace last? END
START when was john's decision to marry isabella? END
START john acquired key land between poitou and where? END
START john moved south into where? END
START who renewed the anti-french alliances? END
START when was the treaty of le goulet negotiated? END
START what nickname did john's policy earn him? END
START the rebel barons invited who to lead them? END
START who was henry ii's granddaughter? END
START what did john do once he contained alexander in scotland? END
START who did john attempt to convince? END
START where was arthur imprisoned? END
START who was kept imprisoned by john for many years? END
START what victory strengthened john's position? END
START who deserted john in favor of philip? END
START how was john's financial situation? END
START who was declared the protector of henry iii after john's death? END
START who gave up their claim to the english throne? END
START what agreement failed? END
START until when did henry iii continue his attempts to reclaim normandy? END
START what was one of john's principal challenges? END
START when did richard sell many royal properties? END
START where did john derive income from? END
START what was of particular importance to john? END
START when was the system of coroners first introduced? END
START why was john motivated? END
START when did new interpretations of john's reign begin to emerge? END
START who wrote an essay in 1945 that proposed a "new approach?" END
START who suggested that ireland was less stable by 1216 than previously supposed? END
START john was deeply suspicious of who? END
START what famous knight was subjected to john's malevolentia? END
START how many marks did de braose refuse to pay? END
START when did de braose die? END
START who did henry ii express his fury and ill-will towards? END
START what was exacerbated by the tradition of angevin royal ira et malevolentia? END
START john had to additional ability to do what? END
START john spent much of 1205 doing what? END
START when did john recreate a version of henry ii's assize of arms? END
START how many knights out of ten would be mobilised? END
START john focused on trying to retake what? END
START john did not regard the loss of duchy as a permanent shift in what? END
START what was john's preferred plan? END
START john remained what throughout his reign? END
START when did the king cross into ireland with a large army? END
START during richard's rule, what did john successfully do? END
START when was the political relationship between england and scotland disputed? END
START who forced william the lion to swear fealty to him? END
START what did john force william to sign? END
START john treated the interdict as what? END
START john seized the lands of who? END
START when did innocent excommunicate the king? END
START how many marks did the church lose? END
START john felt langton was overly influenced by what? END
START who was barred langton from entering england? END
START when did innocent place an interdict on england? END
START john besieged what castle? END
START who refused to advance with the king? END
START who won the battle of bouvines? END
START how long was the truce intended to last for? END
START when did john begin his final campaign to reclaim normandy? END
START who did john build alliances with? END
START when did john leave for poitou? END
START who made the first move in the war? END
START what did the rebels seize? END
START who lead the rebellion against the 1211 settlement? END
START what was john's strategy? END
START who suspected that the proposed baronial council would be unacceptable? END
START john appealed to who for help? END
START the failure of the agreement lead to what? END
START what did the king lose on his way to the west? END
START when did john face a stalemate? END
START when were the crown jewels lost? END
START when did john begin a fresh, vigorous attack? END
START where did john march from? END
START where did john contract dysentery? END
START who invaded northern england? END
START when did political and religious changes alter the attitude of historians towards john? END
START which historians were favourably inclined towards the king? END
START what praised john's "great renown" as a king? END
START what heavily influenced nineteenth-century fictional depictions of john? END
START who played john in 1938? END
START who was john depicted alongside? END
START which historians wrote early in john's life? END
START how did historians feel about john's behavior under richard's rule? END
START john attempted conversion of what in exchange for military aid? END
START when did popular representations of john begin to emerge? END
START what was anthony munday's play? END
START in the troublesome reign of king john, john portrayed the king as what? END
START who was critical of john's performance as king? END
START what historian summarised the contemporary historical opinion of john's positive qualities? END
START john remains a recurring character within what culture? END
START henry ii wanted to secure the southern borders of what? END
START who was alais? END
START what castles did henry ii transfer into john's name? END
START when did john successfully conduct a sudden attack and siege of evreux castle? END
START richard withdrew what towards john? END
START who was the count of mortain? END
START who was isabella engaged to? END
START hugh of lusignan was an important member of what? END
START john treated hugh with what? END
START what did john attempt to relieve in late 1203? END
START who blocked john's relief operation? END
START when did gaillard fall? END
START what was john's only remaining possession on the continent? END
START how many times did john levi scutage payments? END
START when did john initiate a new round of appointments? END
START who were subject to huge taxes? END
START when did john create a new tax on income and movable goods? END
START many of john's mistresses were what? END
START how many children did john have with mistresses during his first marriage? END
START how many of john's known illegitimate children were born after he remarried? END
START how many galleys were available by the end of 1204? END
START 54 vessels were built between what years? END
START who was appointed "keeper of the galleys?" END
START where did john visit every year between 1204 and 1211? END
START who did john marry joan to? END
START what did john use to increase his own territory and power? END
START when did a royal expedition to enforce agreements occur? END
START where were monastic communities allowed to celebrate mass in private? END
START when was the holy viaticum for the dying authorised? END
START what threat was john worried about? END
START where did john hold a council in january 1215? END
START where did john recruit mercenary forces from? END
START john announced his intent to become what? END
START when did john retake rochester castle? END
START john marched against who in january 1216? END
START john sent william longespee to retake what? END
START when did john die? END
START when was a new sarcophagus made for him? END
START where was john buried? END
START who blamed john's family background for his cruel personality? END
START what documents trace a progressive and universalist course of political and economic development in england? END
START what period in the 19th century were historians more inclined to draw on the judgements of the chroniclers? END
START john lost the duchy of normandy to who? END
START what led to the sealing of the magna carta? END
START the collapse of the angevin empire contributed to the growth in power of what dynasty? END
START where did eleanor leave to? END
START john was taught by who? END
START john was assigned what whilst he was at fontevrault? END
START john spent the conflict traveling alongside who? END
START when did henry ii appropriate the estates of the late earl of cornwall? END
START who dismissed william fitzaldelm as the lord of ireland? END
START when did richard become king? END
START who took over as joint justiciar with puiset after mandeville died? END
START who convinced richard to allow john to join into england? END
START warfare in normandy was shaped by what? END
START what were mercenary forces called? END
START what castle was built at a strategic point? END
START who accompanied john? END
START why was philip forced to withdraw in the east? END
START who was caught by surprised? END
START what did john inherit in england? END
START who dealt with income and expenditure? END
START john followed in the tradition of who? END
START john's royal household was based around what? END
START who were the curia regis? END
START the mercenary leaders became infamous in england for what? END
START historians suspected that john was at best what? END
START who was later declared a saint? END
START many records showed what? END
START what did john do during the truce of 1206-1208? END
START by 1212, john had successfully concluded alliances  with who? END
START john launched his new fleet to attach the french where? END
START who did john want to be appointed archbishop of canterbury? END
START who did innocent disavow? END
START who did john force to change their support to john de gray? END
START where did many of the disaffected barons come from? END
START who was appointed justiciar? END
START what was the final straw that precipitated the baronial uprising during john's final years as king? END
START when did john meet the rebel leaders at runnymede? END
START a council of how many barons was created to monitor john's future adherence to the charter? END
START the peace agreement was renamed what? END
START when did prince louis int to land in the south of england? END
START why did john hesitate to attack louis? END
START when did the rebels regain the south-east of england? END
START when was isabel released from imprisonment? END
START who did joan marry to become queen consort? END
START how many legitimate children did john have? END
START who was john's eldest son? END
START what biographers argue that john was an unsuccessful monarch? END
START modern historians have been over lenient towards what? END
START john gillingham considers john what? END
START what hindered the competetive ability of apple when it was introduced? END
START where did macintosh initially find success in the market? END
START which platform, when improved in the 1990's, took market share from macintosh? END
START what type of advantage did intel's pentium over macintosh systems in the 1990's? END
START who became the top pc manufacturer in 1994, leaving apple in 3rd place? END
START what hindered the competetive ability of microsoft when it was introduced? END
START where did macintosh initially fail in the market? END
START which platform, when improved in the 1980's, took market share from macintosh? END
START what type of advantage did intel's pentium over macintosh systems in the 1980's? END
START who became the top pc manufacturer in 1984, leaving apple in 3rd place? END
START how much ram did the first maciuntosh board have? END
START whose idea was it to run apple lisa's graphical programs on the macintosh? END
START what did tribble first incorporate into the mac? END
START which design feature did smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board more cost-efficient? END
START what feature was missing from the final mac design produced by smith? END
START how much rom did the first macintosh board have? END
START whose idea was it to run microsoft lisa's graphical programs on the macintosh? END
START what did tribble last incorporate into the mac? END
START which design feature did smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board less cost-efficient? END
START what feature was present in the final mac design produced by smith? END
START how much did apple spend to advertise in a special post-election issue of newsweek? END
START what was the name of the big promotion apple ran in the special edition of newsweek? END
START what did apple allow potential buyers to take home and try for 24 hours? END
START how were many computers returned during the test drive a macintosh promotion that made them unsellable? END
START who was the ceo of apple during the test drive a macintosh promotion? END
START what was the longest-lived macintosh in apple's history while it was in production? END
START how long did the mac plus remain in production, unchanged? END
START in 1986, what did apple introduce to allow developers to create software for macintosh on macintosh? END
START what did apple's hyercard and multifinder add to the macintosh? END
START after their unveiling in 1987, what did apple begin bundling with every macintosh? END
START what was the shortest-lived macintosh in apple's history while it was in production? END
START how long did the mac minus remain in production, unchanged? END
START in 1984, what did apple introduce to allow developers to create software for macintosh on macintosh? END
START what did microsoft's hyercard and multifinder add to the macintosh? END
START after their unveiling in 1978, what did apple begin bundling with every macintosh? END
START what macintosh first included an on-board mmu? END
START what was the first mac to be "32-bit clean"? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh llfx when it was unveiled? END
START how many apple ii cpus's did the new macintosh llfx include? END
START how fast was the processor on the new macintosh llfx? END
START what macintosh first included an on-board mum? END
START what was the first mac to be "23-bit clean"? END
START how many apple i cpus's did the new macintosh llfx include? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh llf when it was unveiled? END
START how fast was the processor on the new macintosh llx? END
START which mac is known for improving the handling of color graphics? END
START who did apple pay expensive consulting fees to before doing in-house work? END
START what was established for bringing apple's design work in-house? END
START who was responsible for crafting a new look for all apple products? END
START how did the mac system 7 improve multitasking? END
START which mac is known for improving the handling of non-color graphics? END
START who did microsoft pay expensive consulting fees to before doing in-house work? END
START what was established for bringing microsoft's design work in-house? END
START who was responsible for crafting a new look for all microsoft products? END
START how did the mac system 6 improve multitasking? END
START who returned to apple in 1997? END
START what did steve jobs order the os version 7.7 to be branded as? END
START what did the branding of the mac os 8 effectively end? END
START what effect did mac's decision to brand the mac os8 have on companies such as motorola? END
START how much money did umax lose when it exited the low-end mac clone market? END
START who returned to apple in 1990? END
START what did steve jobs order the os version 7.8 to be branded as? END
START what did the branding of the mac os 7 effectively end? END
START what effect did mac's decision to brand the mac os7 have on companies such as motorola? END
START how much money did umax lose when it exited the high-end mac clone market? END
START what did dated architecture on the mac os line make necessary? END
START what programming language was the mac os initially developed in? END
START what language replaced pascal for system 7? END
START what was the fuly overhauled successor to mac os 9? END
START upon release, what interface allowed mac users to sample apple's new operating system and provide feedback for the actual release? END
START what did new architecture on the mac os line make necessary? END
START what spoken language was the mac os initially developed in? END
START what language replaced pascal for system 8? END
START what was the fuly overhauled successor to mac os 8? END
START upon release, what interface allowed mac users to sample microsoft's new operating system and provide feedback for the actual release? END
START what is the only mainstream computer platform to successfully transition to a new cpu architecture? END
START what is the standard amount of ram included with almost all current mac models? END
START which macbook pro port can transfer data at speeds up to 10 gigabits per second? END
START when was the imac g5 released? END
START which interface did apple introduce that was capable of being operated by an apple remote or keyboard for accessing media stored on the computer? END
START what is the standard amount of ram shipped with most mac models? END
START what processors are used by the current mac product family? END
START how many data transfer ports are included in most current macs? END
START according to apple, how fast can the thunderbolt port transfer data? END
START what is the only mainstream computer platform to unsuccessfully transition to a new cpu architecture? END
START what is the standard amount of rom included with almost all current mac models? END
START which macbook pro port can transfer data at speeds up to 20 gigabits per second? END
START when was the imac g6 released? END
START which interface did apple introduce that was capable of being operated by an microsoft remote or keyboard for accessing media stored on the computer? END
START which technique was once used to boot an alternate operating system than mac os? END
START what was introduced that made using mac os alternative operating systems easier? END
START what were open firmware-based pci macs used as a convenience because of? END
START where does mac hardware boot directly to in all intel-based macs? END
START where does mac harware boot directly to in most powerpc-based macs? END
START which technique was once used to boot an alternate operating system than mac so? END
START what was introduced that made using mac op alternative operating systems easier? END
START what were open firmware-based pic macs used as a convenience because of? END
START where does mac hardware boot indirectly to in all intel-based macs? END
START where does mac harware boot indirectly to in most powerpc-based macs? END
START who was brought in to shape the marketing of macintosh in 1982? END
START what role did andy cunningham and jane anderson have in the macintosh launch plan? END
START who introduced the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept to apple? END
START which company first used the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept? END
START what did the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept create around a product? END
START who was brought in to shape the marketing of macintosh in 1928? END
START what role did andy cunningham and jane anderson have in the microsoft launch plan? END
START who introduced the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept to microsoft? END
START which company last used the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept? END
START what didn't the "multiple exclusive" event marketing concept create around a product? END
START who initiated a successful price war among pc manufacturers in 1994? END
START who did compaq overtake in the price war of 1994? END
START what happened to apple's market share with the release of windows 95? END
START what unified microsoft's ms-dos and windows products? END
START what significantly enhanced the multimedia capability of ibm pc compatible computers? END
START who initiated a successful price war among pc manufacturers in 1995 END
START who did compaq overtake in the price war of 1993? END
START what happened to apple's market share with the release of windows 98? END
START what unified apple's ms-dos and windows products? END
START what significantly enhanced the multimedia capability of ibm pc incompatible computers? END
START what percent of the desktop share in the u.s. did apple have in 2003? END
START who are idc and gartner? END
START what was apple's market share in the u.s. by 2006? END
START what percentage of unit sale increase did apple see from 2005 to 2006? END
START what was the estimated installed base of mac computers in 2009? END
START what percent of the desktop share in the u.s. did apple have in 2004? END
START who are cid and gartner? END
START what was apple's market share in the u.s. by 2005? END
START what percentage of unit sale increase did apple see from 2005 to 2007? END
START what was the estimated installed base of mac computers in 2010? END
START when was the macintosh se released at the same time as? END
START what was the first compact mac with a 20 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh se? END
START what did the location of the se's expansion slot potentially expose an upgrader to? END
START who did apple suggest users go to for performing updates on their se's? END
START when was the macintosh es released at the same time as? END
START what was the last compact mac with a 20 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot? END
START what was the first compact mac with a 40 mb internal hard drive and an expansion slot? END
START what was the starting price of the macintosh es? END
START what did the location of the es's expansion slot potentially expose an upgrader to? END
START what is partially credited for the significant boost in sales of macs in recent years? END
START what allows users to easily sync data between an iphone and a mac? END
START what consumer trend has hurt many personal computer manufacturers? END
START which smartphone has hurt personal computer manufacterers the most? END
START what are the top two computing devices consumers are choosing? END
START what is partially credited for the insignificant boost in sales of macs in recent years? END
START what allows users to easily sync data between an iphone and a pc? END
START what consumer trend has hurt many business computer manufacturers? END
START which smartphone has hurt personal computer manufacterers the least? END
START what are the top three computing devices consumers are choosing? END
START what did apple introduce in 1990 to combat competition from smartphones? END
START what was the less expensive version of the macintosh se that was offered until 2001? END
START which macintosh had a distinctive "pizza box" case? END
START how many expansion slots did the macintosh iisi have? END
START how did apple's profit margin on the lower cost mac's compare to the profit margin onearlier models? END
START what did apple introduce in 1991 to combat competition from smartphones? END
START what was the more expensive version of the macintosh se that was offered until 2001? END
START which ibm had a distinctive "pizza box" case? END
START how many expansion slots did the macintosh isi have? END
START how did apple's profit margin on the higher cost mac's compare to the profit margin on earlier models? END
START when did apple begin to favor aluminum in their design? END
START which mac used aluminum in it's construction? END
START which material did apple add with the 2008 unibody macbrook pro? END
START are aluminum and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful? END
START what has chief designer jonathan ive been able to eliminate in mac notebooks? END
START when did apple begin not to favor aluminum in their design? END
START which mac used tin in it's construction? END
START which material did apple add with the 2009 unibody macbrook pro? END
START are tin and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful? END
START what has chief designer jonathan ive been able to eliminate in hp notebooks? END
START who began the macintosh project in 1979? END
START what was jef raskin's profession? END
START what did jef raskin envision for a computer to be for an average consumer? END
START why was the spelling of mcintosh changed to macintosh? END
START what did mcintosh laboratory, inc. manufacture? END
START who began the macintosh project in 1997? END
START what wasn't jef raskin's profession? END
START what did jef raskin envision for a computer to be for an average business? END
START why wasn't the spelling of mcintosh changed to macintosh? END
START what did macintosh laboratory, inc. manufacture? END
START who discussed rumors of a mysterious "macintosh" project in 1983? END
START where was the macintosh 128k manufactured? END
START how much did the television commercial "1984" cost? END
START what did the television commercial "1984" introduce? END
START what did regis mckenna call the "1984" ad that was aired during the super bowl? END
START who discussed rumors of a mysterious "macintosh" project in 1938? END
START where was the microsoft 128k manufactured? END
START how much did the television commercial "1948" cost? END
START what did the television commercial "1948" introduce? END
START what did regis mckenna call the "1948" ad that was aired during the super bowl? END
START when was the macintosh branded as mac? END
START who designed, develped, and marketed the mac computers? END
START what did steve jobs introduce on january 24, 1984? END
START what interface type did the original macintosh include? END
START when did apple begin phasing out macintosh in favor of "mac"? END
START when was the microsoft branded as mac? END
START who designed, develped, and marketed the ibm computers? END
START what did steve jobs introduce on january 24, 1988? END
START what interface type did the original macintosh exclude? END
START when did microsoft begin phasing out macintosh in favor of "mac"? END
START when was the activity of desktop publishing first used? END
START what company was desktop publishing unique to at it's beginning? END
START what three things were combined to develop desktop publishing? END
START what did desktop publishing enable users to do? END
START what applications strengthened mac's position as a graphics computer? END
START when was the activity of desktop publishing last used? END
START what company was desktop publishing not unique to at it's beginning? END
START what two things were combined to develop desktop publishing? END
START what did desktop publishing disable users from doing? END
START what applications weakened mac's position as a graphics computer? END
START what year was raskin hired by apple? END
START who did raskin immediately hire to help him on the apple project in 1979? END
START who comprised the original mac team besides raskin? END
START who eventually lead the project on the mac team? END
START what year was raskin fired by apple? END
START who did raskin immediately fire to help him on the apple project in 1979? END
START who did raskin immediately hire to help him on the apple project in 1997? END
START who comprised the original microsoft team besides raskin? END
START who eventually lead the project on the microsoft team? END
START how many macs did apple sell worldwide during the 2009 holiday season? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2010? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2011? END
START what ranking was apple in the pc global market share during 2014? END
START who outperformed apple in the 2014 pc global market share? END
START how many macs did apple sell worldwide during the 2008 holiday season? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2000? END
START what was apples market share of all computer shipments in 2001? END
START what ranking was apple in the pc global market share during 2016? END
START who outperformed apple in the 2017 pc global market share? END
START in 1987, what did apple spin off its software business as? END
START which series of applications was claris responsible for inventing? END
START what did claris rename the informix wingz spreadsheet program? END
START what was clarisworks renamed beginning with version 5.0? END
START when was clarisworks reincorporated back into apple? END
START in 1978, what did apple spin off its software business as? END
START which series of applications was claris not responsible for inventing? END
START what didn't claris rename the informix wingz spreadsheet program? END
START what was clarisworks renamed beginning with version 4.0? END
START when was clarisworks reincorporated back into microsoft? END
START what two applications came bundled with macs 2 days after "1984" was aired? END
START why did many software developers choose not to redesign the mac operating system and rewrite the programming code? END
START what year did microsoft's multiplan migrate over from ms-dos? END
START what year was apple's macintosh office suite introduced? END
START what did apple's "lemmings" ad, which introduced macintosh office, do that made the ad unsuccessful? END
START what two applications came bundled with macs 2 days after "1948" was aired? END
START why did many hardware developers choose not to redesign the mac operating system and rewrite the programming code? END
START what year did apple's multiplan migrate over from ms-dos? END
START what year was microsoft's macintosh office suite introduced? END
START what did microsoft's "lemmings" ad, which introduced macintosh office, do that made the ad unsuccessful? END
START according to npd, who has generally dominated the premium pc market? END
START what was macintosh ranked on the "list of intended brands for desktop purchases" for the 2011 holiday season? END
START who did macintosh displace from 2nd place on the 2012 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START who did macintosh displace from 1st place on the 2013 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START which of apple's products is focused on the ultraportable niche of pc's? END
START according to ndp, who has generally dominated the premium pc market? END
START what was macintosh ranked on the "list of intended brands for desktop purchases" for the 2010 holiday season? END
START who did macintosh displace from 2nd place on the 2011 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START who did macintosh displace from 1st place on the 2012 holiday season "list of intended brands for desktop purchases"? END
START which of microsoft's products is focused on the ultraportable niche of pc's? END
START what part of the mac's could not be expanded easily in 1984? END
START what did mac's lack in 1984 and have no means to easily attach? END
START what did some small companies suggest mac's 16 memory chips be replaced with? END
START how much more memory did apple's macintosh 512k, introduced in 1984, have than the original? END
START what was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for 128k macs? END
START what part of the mac's could not be expanded easily in 1994? END
START what did mac's lack in 1994 and have no means to easily attach? END
START what did some small companies suggest mac's 32 memory chips be replaced with? END
START how much more memory did apple's macintosh 512k, introduced in 1994, have than the original? END
START what was replaced in the upgrade that was offered for 256k macs? END
START on what grounds did apple sue microsoft and hewlett-packard in 1988? END
START how was the lawsuit decided for apple vs. microsoft and hewlett-packard? END
START what did the fsf feel that apple was trying to monopolize on? END
START how long did the fsf boycott gnu software for the macintosh platform? END
START what are some of the issues apple cited in the lawsuit against microsoft and hp? END
START on what grounds did apple sue microsoft and hewlett-packard in 1998? END
START how was the lawsuit decided for apple vs. compaq and hewlett-packard? END
START what did the fsf feel that microsoft was trying to monopolize on? END
START how long did the fsf boycott gun software for the macintosh platform? END
START what aren't some of the issues apple cited in the lawsuit against microsoft and hp? END
START what did apple's creation of too many similar models do to potential buyers? END
START what was the hardware manufactured by third parties for apple's system 7 known as? END
START what did the macintosh clones provide for consumers? END
START what did macintosh clones succeed in increasing for macintosh? END
START who did the macintosh clones hurt financially? END
START what did microsoft's creation of too many similar models do to potential buyers? END
START what was the hardware manufactured by third parties for apple's system 6 known as? END
START what did the microsoft clones provide for consumers? END
START what did macintosh clones succeed in decreasing for macintosh? END
START who did the macintosh clones help financially? END
START when did apple begin shipping computers with cd-rw drives? END
START what did apple begin offering as standard features meant for playing dvd's? END
START who admitted that apple was late to the party with writable cd technology? END
START which apple campaign did some people feel encouraged media piracy? END
START what is the name of one of apple's unsuccessful products? END
START when did microsoft begin shipping computers with cd-rw drives? END
START what did microsoft begin offering as standard features meant for playing dvd's? END
START who admitted that microsoft was late to the party with writable cd technology? END
START which apple campaign did some people feel discouraged media piracy? END
START what is the name of one of apple's successful products? END
START what was the name of apple's first portable computer? END
START when was the macintosh portable first released? END
START what replaced the macintosh portable in 1991? END
START what was the 1993 powerbook 165c apple's first portable computer to feature? END
START which generation of powerbooks introduced trackpads? END
START what was the name of apple's last portable computer? END
START when was the macintosh portable last released? END
START what replaced the macintosh portable in 1992? END
START what was the 1992 powerbook 165c apple's first portable computer to feature? END
START which generation of powermacs introduced trackpads? END
START what was apple's mac os x based on? END
START who did apple make maverick free to? END
START what computers is maverick compatible with? END
START what brought better multi display support to mac? END
START when was mavericks introduced? END
START what was apple's mac os xx based on? END
START who did microsoft make maverick free to? END
START what computers is maverick incompatible with? END
START what brought better single display support to mac? END
START when was mavericks scrapped? END
START what desktop did apple release after the discontinued power macintosh g3? END
START why were sales of the power mac g4 cube slow? END
START what did the power mac g4 have trouble overcoming after they dropped their price and upgraded their hardware? END
START when was the power mac g4 discontinued? END
START how did the actual sales of the g4's compare to the sales expectations? END
START what desktop did apple release after the discontinued power macintosh g2? END
START why were sales of the power mac g5 cube slow? END
START what did the power mac g5 have trouble overcoming after they dropped their price and upgraded their hardware? END
START when was the power mac g5 discontinued? END
START how did the actual sales of the g5's compare to the sales expectations? END
START historically, what is near-absent in mac os x compared to microsoft windows? END
START when did mac os x experience a large increase in malware attacks? END
START how was mac's malware seen by many mac users in 2011? END
START what were apple support staff initially instructed not to assist with concerning malware? END
START how many users were affected by the increase in malware? END
START historically, what is near-absent in mac os xx compared to microsoft windows? END
START when did mac os x experience a large decrease in malware attacks? END
START how was mac's malware seen by many mac users in 2012? END
START what were microsoft support staff initially instructed not to assist with concerning malware? END
START how many users were affected by the decrease in malware? END
START what was the market share of os x in north america by march 2011? END
START being positioned as a higher end pc, what is it misleading to compare the mac to? END
START apple has remained profitable since what time? END
START according to market research, who does apple draw it's customer base from? END
START whose return to apple resulted in the company's reorganization? END
START what was the market share of os x in north america by march 2012? END
START being positioned as a lower end pc, what is it misleading to compare the mac to? END
START apple has remained unprofitable since what time? END
START according to market research, who does microsoft draw it's customer base from? END
START whose return to microsoft resulted in the company's reorganization? END
START who refused to lower the profit margins on mac computers in 1989? END
START what problem rocked the pc industry in 1989? END
START what did the component shortage of 1989 force allan loren to do with macs? END
START who was allan loren? END
START when was microsoft windows 3.0 released? END
START who refused to lower the profit margins on mac computers in 1998? END
START what problem rocked the pc industry in 1998? END
START what did the component shortage of 1998 force allan loren to do with macs? END
START who was eric loren? END
START when was microsoft windows 2.0 released?  may 1990 END
START what did apple begin to eliminate in 2002? END
START why was the new imac g4 considerably more expensive than the g3? END
START who did apple create the more affordable emac in april 2002 for? END
START what was the main problem with the emac's crt? END
START after apple's failed desktop sales, what products drove their sales growth? END
START what did apple begin to eliminate in 2012? END
START why was the new imac g4 considerably more expensive than the g5? END
START who did apple create the more affordable emac in april 2003 for? END
START what was the main problem with the imac's crt? END
START after microsoft's failed desktop sales, what products drove their sales growth? END
START in 2009, how many macs sold were laptops? END
START what has helped macs more directly compete with windows on price and performance? END
START in 2010, what did apple receive before other pc manufacturers? END
START what are the top-selling form factors of the mac platform today? END
START what is the name of the most inexpensive mac offered? END
START in 2008, how many macs sold were laptops? END
START what has helped macs more indirectly compete with windows on price and performance? END
START in 2012, what did apple receive before other pc manufacturers? END
START what are the low-selling form factors of the mac platform today? END
START what is the name of the most expensive mac offered? END
START what did apple consolidate in 1998? END
START what all-in-one product was created in 1998 through apple's consolidations? END
START what did the imac g3 do to the mac reputation? END
START when was mac's xserve server discontinued? END
START what took the place of mac's xserve server? END
START what did apple consolidate in 1989? END
START what all-in-one product was created in 1989 through apple's consolidations? END
START what did the imac g2 do to the mac reputation? END
START when was mac's xserve server continued? END
START what took the place of mac's iserve server? END
START why did raskin leave the apple team in 1981? END
START according to andy hertzfeld, whose idea is the final mac design closer to? END
START what did steve jobs offer xerox to visit and see their latest technology? END
START whose technology influenced the user interfaces of the lisa and macintosh? END
START what caused steve jobs to resign from apple in 1985? END
START why did raskin leave the apple team in 1918? END
START according to andy hertzfeld, whose idea is the first mac design closer to? END
START what didn't steve jobs offer xerox to visit and see their latest technology? END
START whose technology influenced the user interfaces of the lisa and microsoft? END
START what caused steve jobs to resign from apple in 1958? END
START what did jobs state that he expected macintosh to become? END
START how many applications were widely available during macintosh's introduction? END
START how many companies did apple promise were develping products for the new computer? END
START how many macintoshes had apple sold after one year? END
START how many databases did apple have available the first year? END
START what did gates state that he expected macintosh to become? END
START how many applications were widely unavailable during macintosh's introduction? END
START how many companies did microsoft promise were develping products for the new computer? END
START how many macintoshes had microsoft sold after one year? END
START how many databases did apple have available the last year? END
START whose technology did apple take advantage of when introducing the macintosh ii? END
START what powered the macintosh ii? END
START how much did the macintosh ii sell for? END
START what marked the start of a new direction for macintosh? END
START what was the macintosh ii's new modular design similar to? END
START whose technology did apple take advantage of when introducing the macintosh i? END
START what powered the macintosh i? END
START how much did the macintosh i sell for? END
START what marked the end of a new direction for macintosh END
START what was the macintosh i's new modular design similar to? END
START when microsfot windows 3.0 was released, what was it commonly said to not be as good as? END
START who was microsoft windows 3.0 commonly said to be good enough for? END
START what was responsible for the drop in apple's margins in 1989? END
START who made the decision in 1989 to cut prices on mac computers? END
START what was microsoft windows 3.0's performance comparable to? END
START when microsoft windows 4.0 was released, what was it commonly said to not be as good as? END
START who was microsoft windows 4.0 commonly said to be good enough for? END
START what was responsible for the drop in apple's margins in 1998? END
START who made the decision in 1998 to cut prices on mac computers? END
START what was microsoft windows 3.1's performance comparable to? END
START what did intel unsuccessfully try to push apple to migrate to? END
START which platform did apple choose to use? END
START who first rolled out pentium processors in 1993? END
START how far behind was macintosh set back compared to the new ibm compatibles? END
START when did apple abandon motorola cpu's? END
START what did intel successfully try to push apple to migrate to? END
START which platform did apple choose not to use? END
START who first rolled out pentium processors in 1992? END
START how far behind was microsoft set back compared to the new ibm compatibles? END
START when did apple abandon amd cpu's? END
START what color was apples new imac, which was introduced in 1998? END
START what did the imac replace most of apple's standard connections with? END
START what did the imac replace the floppy disk drive with? END
START what did the imac need to use in order to write cds or other media? END
START how many imac units sold in the first 139 days? END
START what color was apples new imac, which was introduced in 1999? END
START what did the imac replace most of microsoft's standard connections with? END
START what did the imac replace the hard disk drive with? END
START what did the imac need to use in order to read cds or other media? END
START how many imac units sold in the first 193 days? END
START when did apple discontinue the use of powerpc microprocessors? END
START who announced the capability to run windows xp on an intel-based mac in 2006? END
START how did hackers release their software for running windows on macs? END
START when did apple announce software that would allow windows xp to be run on intel-based macs? END
START what is the name of the software that apple introduced for running windows xp? END
START when did microsoft discontinue the use of powerpc microprocessors? END
START who announced the capability to run windows xp on an intel-based mac in 2007? END
START how did hackers release their software for running macos on macs? END
START when did apple announce software that would allow windows vista to be run on intel-based macs? END
START what is the name of the software that apple introduced for running windows 98? END
START who was initially reluctant to embrace mice with multiple buttons and scroll wheels? END
START what was the name of the 1st multiple button mouse introduced by apple? END
START how many buttons did the mighty mouse have? END
START what did apple introduce to take the place of a physical scroll wheel in 2009? END
START what apple mouse 1st used multi-touch gesture recognition? END
START who was initially reluctant to embrace keyboards with multiple buttons and scroll wheels? END
START what was the name of the last multiple button mouse introduced by apple? END
START how many trackballs did the mighty mouse have? END
START what did apple introduce to take the place of a physical scroll wheel in 2008? END
START what apple mouse 1st used single-touch gesture recognition? END
START what type of software began to emerge following the release of intel-based macs? END
START at what speed do programs such as virtualbox allow microsoft windows to run on macs? END
START what is possible to run by using boot camp, even though it is not condoned by apple? END
START what do macs lack that makes them unable to run many legacy pc operating systems? END
START what type of hardware began to emerge following the release of intel-based macs? END
START at what speed do programs such as virtualbox allow microsoft dos to run on macs? END
START what is possible to run by using boot camp, even though it is not condoned by microsoft? END
START what do macs lack that makes them able to run many legacy pc operating systems? END
START what do macs have that makes them unable to run many legacy pc operating systems? END
START what has been the best-selling ultra-portable over windows ultrabooks in the u.s.? END
START what earned the title as best all-around subnotebook/ultraportable? END
START what did the air receive before other pc manufacturers? END
START through 7/1/13, what percentage of all ultrabook sales in the u.s. were macbook airs? END
START when was the competetive pricing of macbooks especially effective? END
START what has been the best-selling ultra-portable over windows ultrabooks in the u.k.? END
START what earned the title as worst all-around subnotebook/ultraportable? END
START what did the air receive before other mac manufacturers? END
START through 7/1/14, what percentage of all ultrabook sales in the u.s. were macbook airs? END
START when was the competetive pricing of macbooks especially ineffective? END
START what is another term for anti-aircraft warfare? END
START nato defines anti-aircraft warfare as measures to reduce what? END
START barrage balloons are an example of what type of weapons system? END
START what is the primary effort been for most countries when it comes to anti-aircraft warfare? END
START what does nato ascribe naval air defence as? END
START what is the russian term for air defence? END
START how is the russian term for air defence abbreviated? END
START what are the aa systems called in russian? END
START what is air defence called in french? END
START what is the generic term for an airplane or rocket in french? END
START when were sensors initially developed? END
START radar was supplemented by what in the 1980s? END
START what country created an integrated system for adgb? END
START what did the integrated system for adgb link? END
START what agency stated that the arrangements were an air defence ground environment? END
START which country had the most severe case? END
START this separate service  was known as what in the soviet union? END
START what two systems did voyska pvo have? END
START what year did the pvo strany become independent? END
START what was the arm that was the air defence of the ground forces? END
START when did serbian troops notice enemy aircraft approaching kragujevac?  END
START how many bombs did the three aircraft drop on the city? END
START which private shot down one aircraft with a cannon? END
START what happened to the pilots that were in the aircraft shot down? END
START which war was the cannon used in prior to this event? END
START what was the problem with aa gunnery? END
START different things could affect what with the shell? END
START what was updated on the gunsight as a target moved? END
START where was the barrel pointed when the sights were on a target? END
START what two things figured the fuse length? END
START what showed that aircraft could be a significant contribution to the battlefield? END
START in addition to zeppelins, what attacked london for four years with air attacks? END
START the four year air attack was instrumental in britain forming what? END
START the future of aircraft in war situations was important because of the growth in what two areas? END
START where were most of the nations who had the strongest military after world war i? END
START how many different countries developed radar starting in the 1930s? END
START where was the observer corps based? END
START when was the observer corps formed? END
START what did the observer corps observe and report on? END
START what was originally used to see hostile aircraft approaching? END
START who wanted the british to keep using machine guns in world war i? END
START the military was not allowed to use anything that was bigger than what? END
START what was determined to be the smallest effective round in 1935? END
START what was lighter than the water-cooled pom-pom? END
START what is the kerrison predictor's official name? END
START what was under development in both the soviet union and britain in the 1930s? END
START why was britain mainly interested in solid fuel rockets? END
START what were rockets called at this time? END
START how big was the rocket that was introduced to handle dive bombing attacks? END
START what size rocket was being developed at the end of the war? END
START what did the british get a license to build? END
START while light, the bofors 40mm were powerful enough to take down what size aircraft? END
START what was produced to inspire people on the assembly line to work harder? END
START what was the movie made to inspire assembly line workers called? END
START who started making an unlicensed version of the 40mm at the beginning of the war? END
START what kind of aircraft is used to intercept and destroy other aircraft? END
START what particular aircraft did the interceptor target most? END
START when were interceptors like the f-102 delta dagger first built? END
START when were interceptors like the f-106 delta dart not being built anymore? END
START the interceptors were no longer built because of the shift of the bombing role to what? END
START what is another possible weapon for anti-aircraft use? END
START when did personnel first start thinking about using lasers in combat? END
START what laser can currently be used in the type of role that was first thought of in the late 1960s? END
START the use of lasers in anti-aircraft warfare is currently considered what? END
START when do some people believe that lasers can play a more prominent role in air defence? END
START what is the air defence of a certain area called? END
START armies as well as what group have operated area air defences? END
START what u.s. air forces operated area air defence? END
START what range do area defence systems have? END
START what was the objective of the mim-104 patriot missile batteries during the first gulf war? END
START which country probably coined the term air defence? END
START what does adgb stand for? END
START what year was the adgb created? END
START who is probably the one who coined the term archie for anti-aircraft guns? END
START what george robey line is believed to have started the archie nickname? END
START what is the first purpose of air defence? END
START what is the second purpose of air defence? END
START what is the critical issue in air defence? END
START projectiles must either be guided to the target or aimed where? END
START what two things must be considered in regards to the projectile and target? END
START what does nato define as passive measures to protect people, buildings and equipment from air or missile attacks? END
START which group is heavily responsible for passive air defence? END
START passive air defence includes camouflage and what? END
START what was camouflaged during world war ii? END
START some airfield runways were painted green during what war? END
START how many guns or missile launchers are typically in a battery? END
START in addition to guns or missile launchers, what else comprises the battery? END
START where do batteries typically get deployed? END
START which missile batteries often have individual launchers several kilometres from one another? END
START several dozen teams can deploy individually in small sections when what is handled by a specialist? END
START it was understood that ammunition needed to explode where? END
START in addition to high explosive, what else was used? END
START airburst fuses could be which two things? END
START what were hydrogen filled balloons called? END
START what was used as targets in training practices? END
START what was the primary method for haa fire? END
START along with predicting the gun data from tracking the target, what else needed to be known about the target to enable the aimed fire? END
START another assumption was that the target would maintain a steady course along with what other two factors? END
START targets could be how many feet for the haa to engage them? END
START what kind of fuses were needed? END
START what kind of guns did the united states end ww i with? END
START when were improvements developed for these guns? END
START when did work begin on the 105 mm static mounting aa gun? END
START only a few of the 105 mm static mounting aa guns were produced because work had started on which other gun? END
START what year was the m1 version approved? END
START which country's air defence and aircraft has been under integrated command and control? END
START what other group has also been under this integrated command and control? END
START who will deploy their own air defence if their is an air threat? END
START what can be deployed as an offensive measure to refuse airspace use to an opponent? END
START what did the united states army begin to develop after the first world war? END
START who designed this cannon? END
START how many rounds did this cannon fire per second? END
START what replaced the browning 37nn because of jamming issues? END
START what other us group was interested in the bofors? END
START high altitude needs in germany were going to be handled by what? END
START who also collaborated in the design of the 75 mm gun? END
START because higher performance was needed, krupp's workers designed what? END
START where was the first place the flak 36 was used? END
START what war was the flak first used in? END
START what was one of the most often seen weapons that was used both on land and sea? END
START what weapons system did american troops use but received minute attention? END
START how many of the m2hb guns were mounted together on the m45 quadmount weapons system? END
START this system was a direct answer to what? END
START the combat batteries of an army aaa battalion were often spread how far apart from each other? END
START what acted as a physical obstacle to anti-aircraft defence? END
START what were barrage balloons initially used as an obstacle to? END
START how was a barrage balloon tethered to the ground? END
START what did pilots have to do to avoid the barrage balloons? END
START what kind of success did barrage balloons have as far as bringing down aircraft? END
START what is an important number when it comes to guns engaging an aircraft? END
START what can be used to determine the maximum distance for an aa gun? END
START what is the term used to describe the height that a projectile would go to if it was fired vertically? END
START few aa guns are able to fire which way? END
START the missile started being used more often instead of what weapon? END
START small missiles were designed that could be mounted on what? END
START when did these missiles start to supplant gun-based spaag systems? END
START what are man-portable missiles better known as? END
START when were manpads introduced? END
START smaller weapons are able to be used because of their low cost as well as what other factor? END
START who designed the 40 mm autocannon? END
START when were the surface-to-air missile systems introduced? END
START where were surface-to-air missiles first developed? END
START how can land-based sams be deployed? END
START what kind of weapons can usually be found on smaller boats and ships? END
START these weapons can be deadly to aircraft that is low if it is linked to what? END
START what type of ships are particularly well defended? END
START carrier battle groups can launch what to intercept incoming threats? END
START what type of weapon can be used against hovering helicopters? END
START when an rpg is fired at a steep angle, who is in danger? END
START an rpg fired at a steep angle has what reflecting off the ground? END
START what did some militia members in somalia weld in the exhaust of the rpg tube to protect the shooter? END
START what were the somalian militia members firing rpgs at? END
START what term is used to describe the altitude for a gun to shoot shells against a target that is moving? END
START who adopted the use of the term, effective ceiling? END
START along with other factors, how long must a target be engaged to have effective ceiling? END
START what affected the effective ceiling for heavy aa guns? END
START what was the standard weapon until the 1950s? END
START after guns firing ballistic munitions lost their appeal, what weapon took their place? END
START which range did not use guided missiles? END
START damaged aircraft can be out of action for days or what? END
START what is the largest calibre ground-based air defence guns? END
START when did the british see the need to add anti-aircraft capability? END
START where did the new york times report say towers with guns should go? END
START what was built around naval installations? END
START who manned aa guns and searchlights? END
START who used motorised two-gun sections? END
START who provided part of the air defence of the british isles in wwi END
START who protected airfields in wwii? END
START the united states air force helped protect the uk during what 'war'? END
START what year was ground-based air defence taken from raf? END
START what was disbanded in 1955? END
START what helped with better fuse setting? END
START what was the first model of hrf (height range finder) used by the british? END
START the hrf measured target distance and what else? END
START what was the hrf used with to set fuses? END
START the fuse length could be set using height reported by whom? END
START what kind of guns started attracting attention? END
START in addition to ammo proposals, what other need was articulated? END
START the impact and time types of what were analyzed? END
START as of 1910, who had published info available for gun designs? END
START what gun made the scene in 1910? END
START what two guns were propped up against a hillside to get the muzzles pointed up? END
START what anti-aircraft gun did the british army begin to use? END
START what gun size was relined to take 13-pounder shells? END
START what was difficult to get set right on the new guns? END
START where did most rounds shot at aircraft usually explode? END
START what treaty was supposed to stop germany from having antiaircraft weapons? END
START when did covert antiaircraft training start in germany? END
START when did the 10.5 centimeter flak 38 appear in germany? END
START when did the design begin for the 12.8 centimeter flak? END
START what did the flak 39 have? END
START what did the tachymetric devices do? END
START which system had electrical tracking? END
START what gun was the french brocq system used with? END
START which system used a pair of trackers? END
START deflection settings were also called what? END
START poland and other european countries could not defend against what? END
START what battle marked the beginning of significant antiaircraft warfare? END
START what was under command of the air defence uk orgnisation? END
START the air defence uk grew to have how many antiaircraft corps? END
START what was formed in 1941 to protect airfields? END
START when was the successful test of the 3.6-inch haa gun? END
START when did the 3.7-inch haa gun become preferred? END
START what gun did the royal navy start using? END
START how long of a running time did the number 199 fuse have? END
START what was introduced in 1939? END
START what was shown to be practically not possible during service trials? END
START target area is relatively large at what range? END
START how was target lead watched at short range? END
START at long range what, in theory, could be used to set ranging calculations? END
START what small errors caused large errors in shell fall height and the time until exploding? END
START in the 1920s, which company developed the automatic 20 mm? END
START which switzerland company obtained the patent for an automatic 20 mm gun during the first world war? END
START which company redesigned the rapid fire 2 cm flak 30? END
START what did germany add to the 20 mm to make it more effective? END
START when was the first 3.7 cm flak 18 introduced? END
START what were the large blockhouses called that the germans developed? END
START another name for the high bunkers was what? END
START what was placed on the blockhouses by the germans? END
START what city had some of the last buildings to fall in 1945? END
START what structure did the british build in the north sea? END
START which military set up a large air defence network surrounding its larger cities? END
START what us system was created in the 1950s that included radar and computers? END
START the skysweeper replaced the small guns that the army was using, including which one? END
START what does nadge stand for? END
START what did nadge become? END
START what was the name of the mechanical computer that used automation? END
START what did the predictor calculate after it was pointed at a target? END
START how did the predictor display the information needed? END
START what two things did the operators of the gun have to do? END
START what other country designed similar systems to the predictor? END
START what did the muzzle flashes of the firearms used by the infantry reveal? END
START along with speed of the modern jet, what else limits target opportunities? END
START heavier artillery systems were typically used for what? END
START rocket research began prior to which war in some countries? END
START what unguided missile systems was fitted to warships? END
START when did the bethnal green disaster occur? END
START what was the us military's counterpart to the british stooge to counter the attacks by kamikazes? END
START which country's research was ahead of all other countries for missiles? END
START which weapon caused a major shift in anti-aircraft strategy? END
START which company wanted to introduce missile systems during the second world war but was not successful? END
START what missile did the united states upgrade their defences with? END
START the introduction of the nike ajax missile caused what to disappear? END
START the introduction of what caused the larger anti-aircraft guns to disappear in the ussr? END
START where can the future of projectile based weapons possibly be found? END
START testing is being done on weapons to create as much damage as what missile at a much lower cost? END
START when did the united states navy test a railgun? END
START how fast was the shell that the navy fired from the railgun? END
START when is the railgun expected to be ready? END
START what are two types of fuses used for shells? END
START at shorter ranges a light weapon with what is used on fast targets? END
START what size of weapon calibers are better hitting at short range fast targets? END
START smaller .50 caliber and 8 millimeter guns have been used in what? END
START air defence in such places as a carrier group are built around what? END
START what protects the outer layer? END
START the next layer's surface-to-air missiles are carried by what? END
START what is the range in nautical miles of the rim-67 standard? END
START what is the rate of fire for a radar-controlled gatling gun of 20 and 30 millimeter? END
START what is likely to entirely replace gun systems? END
START what is being lead to specialty roles? END
START what gun is used in the dutch goalkeeper ciws? END
START what rim weapon permits mid-flight course adjustments? END
START what weapon's system uses guns and missiles? END
START contemporary air defence systems are usually what? END
START what are larger weapon systems usually mounted on? END
START radars, command posts and other such things are usually mounted on what? END
START a mobile weapons system is likely to pop up where? END
START what systems are really geared toward mobility? END
START what military forces usually integrate air defnce as a separate arm or part of artillery? END
START air defence in the us army is part of what arm? END
START air defence in pakistan was separated from the army in what year? END
START what type of countries have set branches for territorial air defence? END
START who had a separate military force for controlling nuclear icbms? END
START what do armies tend to have in depth? END
START angara and patriot are two examples of what type of system? END
START stinger and igla are two examples of what type of system? END
START what does spaag stand for? END
START what kind of platform are roland and sa-8 gecko? END
START in agreement with nato members, the us air force and which country has created tactics for air defence suppression? END
START the goal of what is to suppress opposing air defence systems? END
START as better weapons are created, what systems continue to improve as well to counter them? END
START what does aaad stand for? END
START what does gbad stand for? END
START what does shorad stand for? END
START what does manpads stand for? END
START what does sagw stand for? END
START what was one of the quickest areas to evolve in military technology in the 20th century? END
START the evolution of air defence was in answer to the evolution of what? END
START in addition to radar and computing, what else did air defence want to exploit? END
START in addition to sensors and technical fire control, and weapons, what else did air defence evolution cover? END
START how are batteries typically grouped? END
START what type of battalion is normally tasked to a manoeuvre division in the field army? END
START which military section could have a full military structure? END
START who commanded the uk's anti-aircraft command? END
START how many corps was the uk's anti-aircraft command? END
START air attacks headed by  germany increased in 1915 in what area? END
START who was tasked with the job to make improvements to the aa as a result of the german attacks? END
START what was used because of night attacks? END
START how many aa sections were defending britain by december 1916? END
START how many aa sections were with the bef in france during the same time? END
START what was many times unpopular with other troops? END
START what was mounted on poles by forces? END
START what type of weapon is thought to have shot down the red baron? END
START what made acquiring targets and aiming more required? END
START heavy weapons shot at high-altitude targets and what shot at low-altitude targets? END
START what year did the british adopt the new vickers instrument? END
START what was the vickers device adopted by the british named? END
START what was the designation name of the sperry device in the us? END
START what did the british designate the sperry device as? END
START what replaced the ub 2? END
START when year did the dambusters raid happen? END
START what did the new system designed after the dambusters raid supposed to do? END
START what replaced the 50 millimeter gun that was not accurate? END
START what type of control system did the 55 millimeter gun use? END
START what was used to aim the guns after electrical commands were sent? END
START what was also utilized to control ground targets? END
START along with the 88, what other aaa battalion gun made a good anti-tank weapon? END
START what did the americans use at the beginning of the war? END
START what was the altitude range in feet of the stratosphere gun? END
START what decade were the 90 and 120 millimeter guns used until? END
START what did advanced ally technology showcase it could defend against? END
START where did the us army's 419th and 601st locate at to defend london? END
START where did the us army 419th and 601st relocate to as part of the antwerp x project? END
START what city got attacked by more v-1 and v-2 missiles than any other? END
START what acquired and automatically tracked incoming targets? END
START in what war did the armed forces from argentina use the sam roland? END
START what two units used the rapier missile system? END
START what older system did the british naval use? END
START what new short range systems did the british naval use? END
START what was used in aa mountings on both land and water? END
START what can be deployed in fixed launchers but re-deploy at will? END
START what are the sams called that are launched by individuals in the us? END
START what does manpads mean? END
START how are targets aquired for non-manpad sams? END
START short range missiles are replacing what weapons? END
START what continues to grow along with stealth technology? END
START what can detect stealth aircraft? END
START what can see stealth aircraft even with rcs? END
START what is the most notable sam that can detect a stealth target? END
START how far away can the s-400 detect a target? END
START sanskrit is the primary sacred language of which religion? END
START how many scheduled languages are there in present-day india? END
START which indian state has sanskrit as its official language? END
START sanskrit is used as a pkilsosophical language in hinduism, buddhism, jainism and which other religion? END
START sanskrit is a standardized dialect of which language? END
START what language is the sacred language of hinduism? END
START besides its uses as language of religions, for what other application can sanskrit be used? END
START where is sanskrit usually found? END
START from what is sanskrit an adaption? END
START from what language did sanskrit originate? END
START what literary philosophical language was used in greater india? END
START what is concidered a sacred language in buddhism? END
START how many lanuages are spoken in india? END
START which indian state does not formally reckognize sanskirt? END
START what indo[european language only has a small amount of written documentation? END
START what is the primary sacred language of buddhism? END
START what is a philosophical language in islam? END
START where was sanskrit a classical language? END
START what is listed as one of the 25 languages of india? END
START where does the study of sanskrit hold a less than prominent position? END
START in what year was the daily newspaper sudharma first published? END
START where are sanskrit vartman patram and vishwasya vrittantam published? END
START in what year did daily news broadcasts in sankrit begin on state-run all india radio? END
START approximately how many weeklies, fortnightlies and quarterlies published in sanskrit? END
START what is the broadcast time for sanskrit news on the dd national channel? END
START what is the publication, sudharma? END
START what language are many periodicals published in in india? END
START where is the newspaper sudharma published? END
START since what year has there been a daily broadcast on all india radio? END
START where can the sanskrit broadcasts be found online? END
START how many weeklies are published in sanskrit? END
START what news paper was first published in 1974? END
START what first appeared in sanskrit on all india radio in 1970? END
START what publications have been published out of myrosa since 1970? END
START what has been published out of mumbai india since 1970? END
START which publication in gujarat started more than five years ago? END
START what year did weekly broadcasts start on all india radio? END
START what broadcast is only found on the internet? END
START what channel can the sanskrit news be found on a 9:55 am ist? END
START in ancient india, which vernacular languages existed alongside sanskrit? END
START the works of which two scholars were used to teach sanskrit to the higher castes of india? END
START the use of sanskrit was considered to be a marker of what in ancient india? END
START what type of language were prakrits? END
START which sanskrit linguist describes sanskrit as a "particularly refined or perfected manner of speaking?" END
START what style of speech did linguist madhav deshpande say sanskrit started out as? END
START of what was sanskrit once thought to be a divider? END
START how was sanskrit originally used? END
START where was sanskrit a learned language of the high classes? END
START with what did sanskrit exist beside? END
START who said that sanskrit was a specific language set apart? END
START in what country did the lower class study sanskrit? END
START what language exists alongside sanskrit in modern india? END
START what two scholars were instrumental in teaching sanskrit to the lower class?  END
START what vernacular language was used only by the upper social class in india? END
START what types of script was used to write sanskrit in the northwest part of indai? END
START around what time did the gupta script become prevalent for writing sanskrit? END
START which script evolved from the gupta script in the 8th century? END
START which script replaced the gupta script? END
START in what time period did the devangari script become prevalent? END
START what were used to write sanskrit? END
START what script was used in the northwest of india? END
START between the forth and eighth century, what script evolved? END
START from what was gupta derived? END
START what script evolved from the gupta script? END
START what script was used in the northeast? END
START in what centuries were the brahmic scripts used? END
START what was the brahmi script derived from? END
START what script was the devanagari script replace with in the 12th century? END
START what alphabet was mainly used in west india? END
START tagalog is what kind of language? END
START from what language is a large proportion of tagalog derived? END
START what is an example of a sanskrit loanword used in southeast asian languages? END
START what is the meaning of the sanskrit loanword "bh?" END
START what is an example of a traditional language that derives much of its vocabulary from sanskrit? END
START where were many sanskrit words found? END
START in what older from of which language were more than half the words borrowed from sanskrit? END
START what sanskrit borrowed word is found in many asian languages? END
START what is the meaning of bhasa? END
START where does traditional malay get many of its loanwords? END
START in what languages are tagalog loan words found? END
START which language from indonesia is not derived from sanskrit? END
START what languages from the austronesian languages is not derived from arabic? END
START what language loan words does arabic use? END
START what language is spanish derived from? END
START what are two examples of epic poetry written in sanskrit? END
START what are prakritisms? END
START which sanskrit literary language has been influenced by the middle indo-aryan languages? END
START how long was sanskrit a language of culture? END
START where is a post-vedic form of sanskrit found? END
START what epic poems are written in post-vedic sanskrit? END
START of what are deviations in the epics thought to be the influence? END
START what is found to a lesser extent in classical sanskrit? END
START what language influenced a large part of eurasia for nearly 2000 years? END
START what form of sanskrit is found in asian peotry? END
START what is considered proof that pre-panini was used in epics? END
START what type of sanskrit influenced middle aindo-aryan languages? END
START what did classic sanskrit assimilate to? END
START where did sanskrit exert influence for less than 1000 years? END
START sanskrit was not influential in which part of asia? END
START in what poetry will you find early vedic sanskrit? END
START who caused deviations from panini due to their lack of interference? END
START what classical language is influenced by the middle indo-aryan languages? END
START when was the time of panini? END
START what type of text is the samaveda? END
START what was sanskrit used for? END
START how was sanskrit viewed to be in relation to maintaining class? END
START to what did the use of sanskrit as a upper class language produce a resistance ? END
START when was the samaveda witten? END
START what language was used for philisophical purposes? END
START what allowed sanskrit to change linguistically? END
START how many linguistic developments are there of riveda from vedic? END
START what century can the development of the early vedic language be traced to? END
START what factors supported the process of linguistic change? END
START which early sutras did not follow the five-level linguistic development? END
START what did upper class conservatives advocate in the use of language?  END
START what levels of linguistic development did sanskrit bypass? END
START who has said the sanskrit is dead? END
START according to pollock, how is sanskrit solely used? END
START what is sanskrit not  able to express? END
START how is sanskrit limited in it function towards ideas? END
START to what is sanskrit restricted? END
START what did andrew pollock say of sanskrit? END
START what 18th century commentary did caturdhara's speak about? END
START sanskrit is not often used in what forms of creative uses? END
START where is sanskrit no longer used? END
START in what way has sanskrit adapted in the modern age? END
START to what has the central board of education of india relegated sanskrit?  END
START where has the education board ranked sanskrit as a language option? END
START what grades in indian schools have an option for sanskrit study? END
START in what language states is sanskrit considered an option? END
START in what other type of schools is sanskrit also taught? END
START what board refused to see sanskrit as an alternative option? END
START what is the only india board of education? END
START what language is the state official language of india? END
START in which grades is learning sanskrit required? END
START traditional gurukulas no longer teach what language? END
START what english school offers sanskrit as a language study? END
START since what date has sanskrit been offered as a language option in the u.s.? END
START what is the credit towards in study in the u.s.? END
START who coordinates the study program of samskritam as a foreign language? END
START what school in australia offers sanskrit as a study? END
START what does st. johns junior school in london offer? END
START where have high school students been allowed to receive credits toward a foreign language since 2006? END
START what school years in australia are students required to study sanskrit? END
START who coordinated sanskrit as a foreign language? END
START what does a student get at the sydney private middle school for studying sanskrit? END
START under what type of tradition did sanskrit begin? END
START after what language evolved was writing introduced? END
START what feature of written text influenced the use of scripts? END
START what does sanskrit not have of its own? END
START which writing systems have been used to write sanskrit? END
START what originated in a progressive society? END
START what written tradition was maintained in early literature? END
START what did prakrits evolve into? END
START what influenced the original scripts of the scribes? END
START what was used in very few writing systems in south asia? END
START from what time has the latin alphabet been used to transcribe sanskrit? END
START what transliteration system is most common today? END
START how long has iast been the standard system used for transliteration of sanskrit? END
START what is used in transliteration for computer systems?  END
START what transliteration scheme is often used on the internet? END
START what greek alphabet has been transliterated since the 18th century? END
START what system was commonly used in the 18th century to transliterate sanskrit? END
START what academic standard had been used before 1888? END
START what software can only be used on unicode-aware web browsers? END
START what system of transliteration is not commonly used on the internet or e-mail? END
START what in the use of sanskrit has influenced sino-tibetan languages? END
START who sent missionaries to china? END
START what religion was spread to china through sanskrit translations? END
START what were transliterated and added to the chinese language? END
START where do many sanskrit texts survive? END
START what have sino-tibetan languages influenced? END
START what languages have been influenced through the spread of hindi texts?  END
START what missionaries spread islam to china? END
START who sent mahayana missionaries to india? END
START what sanskrit texts survive in egyptian collections? END
START what language has influenced the languages of india? END
START of what is hindi considered to be in relation to sanskrit? END
START from what dialect is hindi descended? END
START what is the percentage of sanskrit words thought to be in modern indo-aryan languages? END
START what language texts  are as much as 70% sanskrit? END
START what did the languages of india greatly influence? END
START what is the khariboli dialect a sanskritised register of? END
START where has sanskrit borrowed words from? END
START what percent of vocabulary comes from languages of india? END
START what place are literary texts rarely considered lexically sanskrit? END
START from when are the earliest dated sanskrit inscriptions? END
START in what script are the earliest sanskrit inscriptions? END
START in what language was brahmi first used? END
START what language is the descendant of sanskrit? END
START how were early sacred texts offered? END
START when were the latest inscriptions in sanskrit known to exist?  END
START when was the earliest vedic script known to exist?  END
START what written language is known to occur centuries later than sanskrit? END
START where are there prakrit inscriptions dating from the third century? END
START what king's pillar is the most recent brahmi inscription found on? END
START what is the sanskrit grammatical tradition? END
START in what period did vyakarana begin? END
START how many sutras are in the astadhyayi? END
START who composed vartikas on the panini sutras? END
START what is the abbreviated alphabet called?  END
START what was composed about a century before panini? END
START who lived three centuries before panini? END
START what did panini write? END
START what is based on 12 shiva sutras? END
START what is pratyahara a partial abbreviation of? END
START according to panini, from where did sanskrit evolve? END
START to what time can the present form of sanskrit be traced? END
START as what are classical and vedic sanskrit often viewed? END
START what is vedic sanskrit meant to be used as? END
START what hymns are thought to be the earliest? END
START what is described as vedic and evolved outof earlier panini? END
START what can be traced back to the second century a.d END
START what are often considered the same dialects? END
START what two dialects are vastly different? END
START what is the begining of the vedic period marked by? END
START what can be traced back to the first millennium? END
START what is another name for vedic sanskrit? END
START what are considered to be some of the later hymns by modern linguists? END
START what was composed by only one author? END
START what marked the beginning of vedic period? END
START when is it thought that early speakers of sanskrit came to india? END
START what is the relationship between indo-iranian and baltic languages? END
START from what direction did sanskrit travel to come to india? END
START sanskrit came from the north west and traveled to what present day countries? END
START what is the theory called dealing with the transfer of sanskrit to india? END
START what does the ino-european migration theory explain? END
START when did the original speakers of sanskrit migrate to the north-west? END
START what arrived in the batic region during the second millenium bce? END
START what does indo-aryan migration disprove? END
START what theory explains the different features of sanskrit and other indo-european languages? END
START to where did early speakers from the north-east bring sanskrit? END
START who arrived in india during the first millennium bce? END
START which languages share nothing in common with each other?  END
START little evidence exists to support which theory? END
START what form of speech shows that sanskrit and prakrits existed together? END
START what type of speakers spoke sanskrit? END
START for what did brahmins use sanskrit? END
START until what period was high sanskrit used? END
START how large of a group in society use sanskrit? END
START what kind of dramas used exclusively the sanskrit language? END
START what language was spoken by the less educated? END
START what trait in the enlightened era did most sanskrit speakers pocess? END
START who used sanskrit for common communication? END
START in what single location was sanskrit centralized and maintained?  END
START what organization is trying to revive sanskrit? END
START what kind of competitions does the all-india sanskrit festival have? END
START how many speakers of sanskrit were there by the 1991 census? END
START where in india is sanskrit still spoken by the population? END
START who originally gave mattur village to sanskrit scholars? END
START what organization is working to get rid of the use of the sanskrit language? END
START how many fluent sanskrit speakers were reported in 2002? END
START what village claims that it no longer has native sanskrit speakers? END
START which local population refuses to use sanskrit as a language? END
START which village did vedic scholars give to king krishnadevaraya? END
START when was sanskrit and indian culture popular? END
START in what century was indian culture accorded a more hostile reception? END
START how did the british academics show their feelings about sanskrit? END
START what did british of the 19th century want india to be as soon as possible? END
START besides assimilation of british culture, what else did the british consider indians to be? END
START what did sir william jones create enthusiasm about in the 17th century? END
START  what was there a hostility towards in 19th century india? END
START who held fast to the teaching of sanskrit in britain? END
START in what ways did britain believe that india and britain needed to be separated?  END
START what did trautmann believe was the cause of india believing that there culture was superior? END
START who wrote an opera in sanskrit? END
START on what was the philip glass opera based? END
START which well known performer has used sanskrit chants in her music? END
START which composer featured sanskrit music in his movies? END
START what is the source of the theme song of battlestar galactica? END
START what is the opera created by steven glass that uses sanskrit? END
START who wrote the bhagavad gita? END
START what modern singer sang chants from satyagraha? END
START where did the gayatri mantra taken from rigveda come from? END
START what song sung by enigma is a vinyasa yoga chant? END
START what country is valencia in? END
START what is the population of valencia's urban area? END
START where does valencia rank among spain's largest cities? END
START what body of water is valencia located on? END
START what is the city of valencia the capital of? END
START what is the main type of employment in valencia? END
START what percentage of valencia's workers are employed in industry? END
START what percentage of valencia's workers are employed in the agricultural sector? END
START how much of valencia's land is used for agriculture? END
START what are valencia's agricultural areas mainly planted with? END
START what airport is closest to valencia? END
START what airport is south of valencia? END
START what is the main train station in valencia? END
START what group runs valencia's public transit? END
START what station in valencia was built for high-speed trains? END
START what promenade was built north of valencia's port? END
START how long is the paseo maritimo? END
START what valencian landmark contains a conservation library? END
START when did valencia's rapid development begin? END
START what is an example of a section of valencia that was majorly renovated? END
START how long did the english occupy valencia? END
START at what battle were the bourbons victorious? END
START who ordered valencia punished for supporting charles? END
START what abolished valencia's ancient charters? END
START who resigned in protest against philip? END
START in what year did christian troops lose control of valencia? END
START who called himself the emperor of all spain? END
START who wrote poetry about valencia's capture by the almoravids? END
START when did the almohads gain control of the peninsula? END
START who prevented the almohads from entering valencia? END
START when was the valencian golden age? END
START of what area was valencia the largest city? END
START what building attracted merchants from other countries to valencia? END
START who borrowed money from valencian bankers in 1492? END
START what was valencia's leading industry? END
START who suppressed agermanats' uprising? END
START when did a similar revolt occur in castile? END
START what group in castile was similar to the agermanats? END
START up to how many executions took place after the agermanats' revolt? END
START whom did the comuneros rebel against? END
START what were valencia's main food exports in the early 20th century? END
START when was an exhibition held that showed agricultural and industrial progress? END
START what architectural style was particularly successful? END
START what station was built in the art nouveau style? END
START what markets were built in the art nouveau style? END
START what is valencia's average yearly temperature? END
START which month is the hottest in valencia? END
START which month is the chilliest in valencia? END
START in northern europe, which months have temperatures similar to valencia's in january? END
START what is the average maximum daytime temperature in august in valencia? END
START when was the age of enlightenment? END
START who in valencia was influenced by the age of enlightenment's ideas? END
START when was the economic society of friends created? END
START what was manufactured that helped the valencian economy improve? END
START who reigned during the most affluent period of bourbon rule? END
START whose regime prohibited political parties? END
START according to official figures, how many died in the flood of 1957? END
START what river flooded in 1957? END
START what park is located in the previous river bed? END
START what suggested use for the river bed was rejected? END
START what percentage of spanish exports does valencia's port handle? END
START valencia has the largest port on which coast? END
START where does valencia's port rank among spanish ports in terms of total traffic? END
START what type of fruit is exported from valencia? END
START who helped repress the supporters of the constitution and was later executed for it? END
START when was elio killed? END
START how was elio executed? END
START what are the years from 1823-1833 called? END
START who was the last person killed by the inquisition? END
START what is the name of the cup that some catholics think is the grail? END
START which pope used the santo caliz for mass in valencia? END
START what century is the santo caliz from? END
START when was the santo caliz used for mass in valencia? END
START according to legend, who took the santo caliz to rome? END
START in what year did the cantonalist uprising occur? END
START who was sent to stop valencia's uprising? END
START who became king in 1874? END
START when did alfonso xxii reach valencia? END
START who was the republican leader after the granting of male suffrage? END
START who designed the city of arts and sciences? END
START where is the bridge named for calatrava located? END
START what type of architecture does the music palace have? END
START which of calatrava's creations contains an imax theater? END
START how many official languages does valencia have? END
START what is very similar to valencian and is considered another variety of the same language? END
START what language is official in valencia besides valencian? END
START how many schools offer education completely in valencian? END
START when did valencian regain its offical status? END
START during what period has valencia had a cultural surge? END
START which structural engineer's work has helped valencia's reputation? END
START which architect other than calatrava has helped valencia's reputation? END
START what part of valencia is undergoing improvements? END
START what church holds some of spain's greatest frescoes? END
START who decorated the saints john's dome? END
START who destroyed the jesuit college? END
START what was once headquartered in the former dominican convent? END
START what was once a college for nobles and is now a place of secondary education? END
START when did the byzantines invade the iberian peninsula? END
START when were the byzantines expelled? END
START what archdiocese was valencia under during the time of the visigoths? END
START who took power in valencia after the roman administration was gone? END
START after the byzantines left, who was stationed in valencia? END
START when was the dome built? END
START who started the construction of the main chapel? END
START when was the main entrance constructed? END
START in what style is the door of the apostles? END
START who painted the pictures that are in the san francesco chapel? END
START what ruler attacked valencia in 1238? END
START when did valencia surrender? END
START who was expelled from valencia after james i's victory? END
START what were valencia's new charters called? END
START what group did the crusaders who attacked valencia belong to? END
START which america's cup competitions did valencia host? END
START what equestrian event has valencia hosted? END
START what tennis event has valencia hosted? END
START when was the water tribunal declared a cultural heritage of humanity? END
START what valencian festivals were declared celebrations of international touristic interest? END
START who commanded that valencia be destroyed? END
START what did abdullah have built outside valencia? END
START what was valencia named during the time of abdullah? END
START when did valencia surrender to the moors? END
START what feature of valencia used to be a minaret? END
START when were the serranos towers constructed? END
START what influential novel did joanot martorell write? END
START who was an early poet to use valencian? END
START when was the university of valencia founded? END
START what was the university of valencia's original name? END
START what war took place from 1702-1709? END
START with whom did valencia side in the war of spanish succession? END
START when did english cavalry enter valencia? END
START who led the english cavalry into valencia? END
START what did mordaunt capture on his way from barcelona? END
START who attacked valencia with french soldiers but failed to capture it? END
START when did valencia surrender to the french? END
START who led the successful attack against valencia? END
START what forced suchet to leave valencia? END
START what city did jose i make spain's capital? END
START what people group was descended from muslim converts to christianity? END
START when were the jews expelled? END
START where did the moriscos go when they were forced out of spain? END
START what proportion of the valencia area's population were the moriscos? END
START when was the taula de canvi bankrupted? END
START who had suppressed the valencian language? END
START what group still exists and promotes valencian culture? END
START who founded lo rat penat? END
START what poet was an early influence on the valencian renaissance? END
START who got rich from the valencian orange crop and vineyards? END
START who was spain's 18th prime minister? END
START when did espartero rule? END
START what type of government did espartero have? END
START who ended up getting most of valencia's church property? END
START whose troops threatened reprisals in valencia? END
START how many people died when the valencia metro derailed? END
START when did the valencia metro derail? END
START who said the valencia derailment was fortuitous? END
START on which valencia metro line did the derailment occur? END
START how many people were gravely injured by the derailment? END
START what was valencia's population in 2000? END
START where did valencia rank in economic development among spanish cities in the 1900s? END
START where did valencia rank in size among spanish cities in the 1900s? END
START when was the gare du nord station finished? END
START when was the valencian regional exhibition held? END
START who was prime minister in 1936? END
START what building did the government move to in 1936? END
START how many bomb shelters were built? END
START when did the italian navy first attack valencia? END
START where did the government relocate to in 1937? END
START what tv program questioned the official account of the crash? END
START what happened at the same time as the crash, which may have contributed to the government downplaying it? END
START what evidence related to the crash remains missing? END
START which paper published an article that raised questions about the handling of the investigation? END
START when did el mundo's article with information about the crash investigation come out? END
START who was the hospital's patroness? END
START what was the confraternity called after its separation from the hospital? END
START who placed the chapel's cornerstone? END
START what was the archiepiscopal palace during the moorish period? END
START who insisted on building the new chapel? END
START when did valencia c.f. win the uefa cup? END
START how many times did valencia c.f. win the spanish league? END
START what is levante ud's stadium? END
START in which division does huracan valencia play? END
START where does huracan valencia play? END
START when was valencia's founding? END
START on what river is valencia located? END
START how big is valencia's historic centre? END
START what valencian museum contains pieces by velazquez and other famous artists? END
START what valencian museum has a photography collection? END
START how far from valencia is the albufera? END
START in what park is the albufera located? END
START how far from the sea was valencia when it was founded? END
START who founded valencia? END
START from what entity was the albufera bought? END
START how many inhabitants live within valencia's limits? END
START how much did valencia's foreign population rise from 2007 to 2008? END
START where does valencia's population rank among eu municipalities? END
START how much land is within valencia's limits? END
START from which countries does the biggest rise in valencia's foreign population come? END
START who was the ruler of valencia in 138 bc? END
START how many romans lived in valencia in 138 bc? END
START what road crossed valencia's island in roman times? END
START what is now located at the former centre of valencia? END
START in roman times, what two roads met at valencia's centre? END
START what was el cid's real name? END
START when did el cid die? END
START who took el cid's position after his death? END
START when did el cid rule? END
START who was the ruler when the new city wall was constructed? END
START when did valencia suffer from the black death? END
START which three religious groups lived in valencia? END
START the muslims lived near what current market? END
START when was the jewish section attacked? END
START when was the muslim section attacked? END
START whose government did the guilds rebel against? END
START when did the guilds' rebellion take place? END
START what caused the nobility to leave valencia? END
START from where did the anti-monarchists get inspiration? END
START what were the artisan guilds called? END
START what type of people often held valencia's offices? END
START from where were valencia's officials chosen? END
START what convent was close to the area where troops lived? END
START until when was the lonja used to quarter troops? END
START where did ferdinand go rather than madrid? END
START how long did absolutist rule last? END
START when was the trieno liberal? END
START when was the constitution abolished? END
START who offered troops to the king? END
START when were plans for city expansion drawn? END
START what was finished in 1850? END
START when did valencia get electricity? END
START what was knocked down in 1866? END
START what was valencia's population in 1860? END
START when democracy began in spain, what did the kingdom of valencia become? END
START who led a coup in valencia? END
START whose message convinced much of the military to stay loyal? END
START when did milans del bosch surrender? END
START what law made valencia the capital of its region? END
START where is valencia's city hall located? END
START what is on the eastern side of valencia's largest plaza? END
START what shape is the plaza del ayuntamiento? END
START what is in the north part of the plaza? END
START when are firewords heard every day? END
START what was the valencia cathedral called from 1866? END
START what pagan deity may have had a temple where the valencia cathedral is now? END
START how tall is the cathedral's tower? END
START what is the tower called? END
START what was the cathedral's name from early in the reconquista?  END
START who won the last race of the european grand prix in 2012? END
START what motorcycle event is held in valencia? END
START in which years was the european formula one grand prix in valencia? END
START what is another name for the circuit recardo tormo? END
START during which decade did ge start manufacuring computers? END
START what was the name of ge's major appliance manufacturing plant? END
START in what year did ge sell its computer division to honeywell? END
START what division of ge provides computer timesharing services? END
START what was the name of first business in the world to own a computer? END
START what year saw the release of genie? END
START in what year did ge's "appliance park" begin hosting computers? END
START in what decade did honeywell first enter the computer manufacturing industry? END
START who managed the second non-governmental computer hosting site? END
START what was the second business to own a computer after ge? END
START what was the name of the lamp manufacturer in east newark which thomas edison an interest in? END
START where was edison machine works located? END
START who provided financial backing for the edison lighting company? END
START in what year did drexel, morgan & co. begin to finance edison's research and form edison general electric company? END
START what was the name of the company that held the patents from edison's research? END
START in what year was thomas edison born? END
START in what city was bergmann & company headquartered? END
START in what city was drexel, morgan & co based? END
START in what year did j.p. morgan first meet thomas edison? END
START in what city was edison electric light company incorporated? END
START what is the business source of the majority of ge's revenues? END
START in what other country besides the us does ge provide lending services? END
START how much of ge's revenues is derived from the financial services it provides? END
START besides itt corporation, which two companies tried to emulate ge, but failed by the mid-1980's? END
START in what decade was ge founded? END
START in what country was tenneco headquartered? END
START in what decade did itt corporation get founded? END
START in what decade was westinghouse established? END
START in what nation was ling-temco-vought established? END
START who composed ge's slogan "imagination at work?"? END
START what was ge's slogan prior to "imagination at work?" END
START in what year was the slogan "we bring good things to life" first used? END
START which company designed the standard format for ge's marketing literature and website? END
START what is the name of the typeface family created for ge in 2014? END
START in what year did ge start using the slogan, "imagination at work"? END
START what was the first typeface family use by ge? END
START who composed the slogan, "we bring good things to life"? END
START what was the typeface used for, "we bring good things to life"? END
START who created the ge inspira font? END
START based on year 2000 data, where is ge ranked among the largest corporate producers of air pollution in the us? END
START how many tons of toxic chemicals does ge release into the atmosphere each year? END
START according to which government agency is ge a leading producer of superfund toxic waste sites? END
START which two commercial businesses produce more superfund toxic waste sites than ge? END
START which organization identified ge as the fourth largest corporate producer of air pollution in the us? END
START how much air pollution is spewed out by all of the superfund toxic waste sites each year? END
START how much air pollution in chevron corporation responsible for each year? END
START who is the largest corporate producer of air pollution each year? END
START who did the political economy research institute list as the third-largest producer of air pollution? END
START how much air pollution did ge create in 1980? END
START in what year was general electric formed? END
START in which us state was ge incorporated? END
START which city was the home of ge's first headquarters? END
START who led the thomson-houston electric company when ge was formed? END
START where was the thomson-houston electric company based? END
START where was drexel, morgan & co incorporated? END
START in what year was canadian general electric formed? END
START when was drexel, morgan & co incorporated> END
START where was canadian general electric based? END
START where was thomson-houston electric company headquartered? END
START which river did ge pollute with pcbs from its plant in pittsfield, ma? END
START what were the primary contaminants contained in the pollution discharged into the housatonic river? END
START which company produced the aroctor 1254 and aroctor 1260? END
START how many pounds of pcbs are estimated to be retained in the sediment behind woods pond dam? END
START how high have the levels of pcbs in the sediments behind woods pond dam been measured at? END
START in what year was monsanto founded? END
START how much aroclor 1254 was found in pittsfield? END
START in what year did monsanto create aroclor 1260? END
START how many pounds of pcbs are found in pittsfield? END
START how much pcbs is found in waterfowl and fish in the housatonic river? END
START in what year did ge enter the renewable energy industry? END
START how much money has ge invested in renewable energy commercialization? END
START in what year did ge acquire kelman ltd.? END
START as of 2009, how many people did ge employ in its renewable energy initiatives? END
START when did ge announce an expansion of its business in northern ireland? END
START in what year was kelman ltd. formed? END
START how many people did ge employ overall as of 2009? END
START how many people worked for kelman ltd. as of 2008 when it was acquired by ge? END
START how much was ge worth as of 2002? END
START how much did ge pay to acquire kelman ltd? END
START when did ge announce its ecoimagination program? END
START who was the ceo of ge when it announced its ecoimagination program? END
START what type of technology related to water was to be developed under the ecoimagination program? END
START which newspaper printed an op-ed piece that questioned immelt's credibility as a spokesman on environmental policy? END
START what type of locomotive technology was to be developed by ge under its ecoimagination program? END
START who wrote an op-ed piece in the new york times about ge's ceo in may 2005? END
START in what year did ge start polluting the environment? END
START in what year was solar energy introduced as a way to generate electricity? END
START in what year did jeff immelt become the ceo of ge? END
START in what year was the first hybrid locomotive introduced onto the market? END
START who led ge's effort to build the first turbosupercharges during world war i? END
START which jet engine did ge introduce in 1941? END
START what was ge's rank among us corporations in the value of wartime production contracts during world war ii? END
START to which company did ge hand off their work on whittle's jet engines? END
START which company is ranked as the largest engine manufacturer in the world? END
START in what year was sanford alexander moss born? END
START in what year did world war ii start? END
START in what year was ge aviation founded? END
START in what year was the first superchargers introduced? END
START what engines did rolls-royce plc. build? END
START in what time period did ge pollute the hudson river with pcbs? END
START who founded the hudson river sloop clearwater and the clearwater festival to bring attention to the pollution caused by ge? END
START what does pcb stand for? END
START what designation did the epa give to the site of ge's hudson river pollution END
START what other types of pollution have contaminated the hudson river watershed? END
START in what year did pete seeger found the hudson river sloop clearwater? END
START in what year did the epa designate ge's plant on the hudson river as a superfund site? END
START in what year was musician peter singer born? END
START in what year did ge start polluting the hudson river with mercury? END
START in what year did sewage dumping in the hudson river become a problem? END
START how much money has ge said it will invest in 2008 for clean technology r&d? END
START how many green products did ge bring to market via its ecoimagination program as of october 2008? END
START what was ge's new revenue target for its ecoimagination program in 2010? END
START what type of lamp was introduced by ge as part of its ecoimagination initiative? END
START what type of engine did ge bring to market as part of its ecoimagination project? END
START in what year was the ecomagination initiative introduced by ge? END
START how much did ge spend on its ecomagination initiative in 2009? END
START how many green products did ge bring onto the market in 2009? END
START what were the number of green products released onto the market by ge in 2010? END
START how much did ge invest in it ecomagination initiative in 2016? END
START what was the name of the project introduced by ge at the 2011 toronto international fils festival? END
START which company was ge's partner in the short fils, big ideas project? END
START what type of system is sligshot? END
START what prize was awarded to the winning amateur dirctor film at the 2013 sundance film festival? END
START how many online views did the short films, big ideas campaign generate? END
START how much did it cost to produce the movie, "the cyborg foundation"? END
START in what year was the first sundance film festival held? END
START in what year was cinelan founded? END
START how many people saw the movie, "the cyborg foundation", at the 2013 sundance film festival? END
START in what city is the tribeca film festival held? END
START when did ge announce it was in talks to acquire the french engineering group alstom? END
START what was the final acquisition price paid by ge for alstom? END
START how big was the stake in alstom taken by the french government as part of the acquisition deal? END
START when was ge's acquisition of alstom agreed to by alstom's board? END
START from which company did the alstom board reject a rival acquisition proposal? END
START in what year was alstom established? END
START how much was ge worth as of april 2014? END
START how much was siemens and mitsubishi heave industries worth as of june 2014? END
START how much was was siemens-mitsubishi heavy industries rival offer? END
START in what year was steam turbines invented? END
START where is ge's headquarters located? END
START on what street in new york was ge headquartered before moving to fairfield? END
START in what year did ge move its headquarters to fairfield? END
START which television broadcast company is located in the same building as ge's main offices in new york city? END
START what was the former name of the comcast building, location of ge's main offices? END
START in what decade did nbc makes the comcast building their headquarters? END
START in what year was ge incorporated? END
START in what year did nbc begin broadcasting from the comcast building? END
START in what year did 30 rockefeller plaza at rockefeller center change its name to the comcast building? END
START which new york state attorney general filed suit in us district court to force ge to pay for the cleanup of chemicals dumped by their plant in waterford, ny? END
START how much did ge agree to pay in claims for the pollution it caused in the housatonic river and other sites? END
START how many tons of pcbs were claimed to have been dumped by ge's waterford plant in the 1983 lawsuit? END
START in which year was a settlement reached regarding ge's pollution of the housatonic river? END
START what was the location of the pollution caused by ge in the housatonic river? END
START in what year was the suit against ge by new york state attorney general robert abrams settled? END
START how much money did ge pay to settle the lawsuit filed against it by the new york state attorney general in 1983? END
START what river is near ge's plant in waterford, new york? END
START where was the lawsuit filed against ge in connection to it polluting the housatonic river? END
START what was the name of the attorney general who filed a suit against ge for it polluting the housatonic river? END
START when was the continental army created? END
START who was the commander of the continental army? END
START from what country did friedrich wilhelm von steuben come from? END
START what did friedrich wilhelm von steuben teach the continental army? END
START how was the continental army created? END
START when was the commander of the continental army appointed? END
START what european did friedrich wilhelm von steuben come from? END
START when did friedrich wilhelm von steuben teach prussian tactics? END
START what year did american forces start being stationed in vietnam? END
START what caused american forces to deploy in large number in 1965? END
START what political structure did vietnam have? END
START what year did soviet forces start being stationed in vietnam? END
START what caused soviet forces to deploy in large number in 1965? END
START what political structure did america have? END
START what type of military warfare did russian forces use? END
START what was organized to replace the concept of u.s. volunteers? END
START when was the national army demobilized? END
START who filled vacancies in the regular army? END
START what was organized to replace the concept of the militias? END
START when was the national army started? END
START what was added to the national army? END
START who filled vacancies for militias? END
START what were temporary soldiers known as? END
START who is the highest-ranked military officer in the army? END
START who does the chief of staff serve as the principal military adviser to? END
START how many military services beling to the department of defense? END
START in what year did the goldwater-nichols act take place? END
START which civilian leads the navy? END
START who is the highest-ranked military officer in the navy? END
START how many european military services belong to the department of defense? END
START what year was the goldwater-nichols act rejected? END
START what branch of military does the secretary of the treasury direct? END
START what branch of the usa armed forces is the largest? END
START how many uniformed services are there in the us? END
START what years did the american revolutionary war span? END
START what date was the u.s. army created? END
START what did the u.s army replace? END
START what branch of the usa armed forces is the smallest? END
START how many uniformed services are there in canada? END
START what years did the french revolutionary war span? END
START what did the u.s. navy replace? END
START when was the u.s.  navy disbanded? END
START the war of 1812 consisted of the u.s against whom? END
START in what year did the u.s. take control of lake eerie? END
START who did the u.s. defeat to collapse the indian confederacy? END
START in the battle of new orleans, who defeated the british? END
START the siege of 1812 was fought against? END
START what year did the u.s. take control of lake superior? END
START what did the english defeat to collapse the indian confederacy? END
START in the battle of the new orleans, who defeated the americans? END
START what political party did not have trust in standing armies? END
START who did the state militias have ongoing conflict with? END
START who was defeated at the battle of the wabash? END
START in what year was the legion of the united states established? END
START in what year was the legion of the united states renamed to the united states army? END
START  what person did not trust the standing armies? END
START who did the state militia have an ongoing peace treaty with? END
START who was killed at the battle of the wabash? END
START in what year was the the government of the united states established? END
START where is the national training center located? END
START where is the joint readiness training center located? END
START where is the joint multinational training center located? END
START in what year was arforgen approved? END
START in what states is fort bliss located? END
START where is the international training center located? END
START where is the double readiness training center located? END
START where is the joint international training center located? END
START what year was arforgen rejected? END
START in what cities is fort bliss located? END
START in what year did the union forces capture new orleans? END
START who took control of the mississippi river in 1862-63? END
START who captured atlanta? END
START where did lee surrender his army? END
START in what year did the union forces capture atlanta? END
START who took control of the snake river in 1862-63? END
START who released atlanta? END
START where did grant surrender his army? END
START what war occurred after the end of world war ii? END
START in what year were corps v and corps vii reactivated? END
START how many divisions of the u.s. army were in europe? END
START what war occurred after the end of war on terror? END
START in what year were corps v and corps vii disbanded? END
START how many divisions of the u.s. army were in germany? END
START what set the stage for the north-south confrontation? END
START with the outbreak of which war did concerns for the defense of western europe decrease? END
START what month and year did the u.s. join world war ii? END
START which military force attacked pearl harbor? END
START what is the month, day and year of "d-day"? END
START what war lead to the capture of the pacific islands by the u.s.? END
START who was responsible for the desegregation of the army? END
START what month and year did the chinese join world war ii? END
START which military force aided  during pearl harbor? END
START what is month, day, and year v-day? END
START who was responsible for the segregation of the army? END
START who participated along with u.s. army soldiers in the french-indian war? END
START who adopted the total force policy? END
START what war was responsible for the creation of the total force policy? END
START how many army components were affected by the total force policy? END
START who rejected the total force policy? END
START what war was responsible for the recall of the total force policy? END
START how many navy components were affected by the total force policy? END
START what three components of the navy are a single force? END
START which country was invaded by the u.s. in october 2001? END
START the u.s. army invaded iraq in what year? END
START about how many u.s. soldiers died as of march 2008 due to counterinsurgency? END
START how many iraqi insurgents were killed from 2003-2011? END
START which country was liberated by the u.s. in october 2001? END
START what year did the  european country invade iraq? END
START how many european soldiers died as of march 2008 due to counterinsurgency? END
START how many palestinian insurgents were killed from 2003-2011?  END
START what year did the chinese lead a combined coalition into iraq? END
START what were national guard members considered before 1903? END
START in what year did the milita act take place? END
START the air defense artillery is a branch of what? END
START national guardsmen are under the authority of who? END
START what was the u.s. navy considered before 1903? END
START in what year did the milita act disband? END
START what is the state defense artillery a branch of? END
START who governs the u.s. navy? END
START how many divisions are there in the u.s. army? END
START how many brigade teams did the army downsize to by 2015? END
START who is the army chief of staff? END
START by 2018, how many active army members will there be? END
START how many army reserve members will there be by 2018? END
START how many divisions are there in the u.s. navy? END
START how many brigade teams did the navy downsize to by 2015? END
START who is the navy chief of staff? END
START how many active navy members will there be in 2018? END
START how many navy reserve members will there be by 2018? END
START what categories are u.s. army training divided into? END
START how long does basic training last? END
START how long does military occupation specialties training last? END
START what does osut stand for? END
START where are the armor school and the infantry school both located? END
START what categories are the u.s. navy divided into? END
START how long does basic artillery training last for? END
START how long does a military cooking class last? END
START how long does naval military occupation specialties training last? END
START what does asut stand for? END
START what does the saw in m249 saw stand for? END
START what kind of gunfire is the m249 saw generally used for? END
START what is the mossberg 590 used for? END
START what gun do designated marksmen use? END
START what semi-automatic sniper do snipers use? END
START what does saw in m248 stand for? END
START what kind of gunfire is the m248 saw generally used for? END
START what gun do designated marksmen use the least? END
START what type of automatic weapon do snipers use? END
START how many mrap vehicles has the pentagon bought since 2007? END
START how many of the 25,000 vehicles do they plan on getting rid of? END
START how many of the vehicles will be used for training? END
START the army will be keeping 5,681 of what vehicle? END
START what type of ambulance will the army have 301 of? END
START how many mrap vehicles has the pentagon bought since 2000?  END
START how many of the 25,00 vehicles does they plan on selling? END
START how many vehicles does the army plan on not using for training? END
START how many vehicles will the navy be keeping? END
START what type of tank will the the army have 301 of? END
START what piece of the uniform has been replaced by the patrol cap? END
START who was the army chief of staff at this time? END
START what month and year was the black beret replaced? END
START if a soldier is in a unit in jump status, what color beret do they wear? END
START the rifle green beret is worn by whom? END
START what piece of uniform has been replaced by the patrol top? END
START who is the navy chief of staff at this time? END
START what month and year was the black shirt replaced? END
START what color beret does a soldier in a unit with permanent status wear? END
START what color beret does the member of the 76th ranger regiment wear? END
START how many military departments does the department of defense have? END
START what does secarmy stand for? END
START what does csa stand for? END
START at the end of 2016, how many soldiers were in the regular army? END
START how many soldiers were there in the entire u.s. army at the end of 2016? END
START how many military departments does the department of agriculture have? END
START what does saacrmy stand for? END
START what does css stand for? END
START at the end of 2016,how many women were in the regular army? END
START how many women soldiers were there in the entire u.s. army at the end of 2016? END
START what indian tribe was the army's major campaign against? END
START during what years did the wars between the army and the seminoles take place? END
START what state were the seminoles moved to? END
START what did the army traditionally take control of to defeat the indians? END
START during what century did the seminoles enter florida? END
START what american tribe was the army's major campaign against? END
START during what years did the wars between the army and british take place?  END
START what state did the pilgrims move to? END
START what did the navy traditionally take control of to defeat the indians? END
START during what century did the seminoles enter texas? END
START what year did the korean war start? END
START who walked out of the u.n. security meeting? END
START in what two countries did the american troops fight communist forces? END
START in what year did the korean war end? END
START what year did the vietnam war begin? END
START who entered the u.n. security meeting? END
START in what two countries did the american troops fight for communist forces? END
START in what year did the vietnam war end? END
START in 1989, what did the pentagon plan to reduce the army end strength to? END
START which country did iraq invade in 1990? END
START what operation began in january 1991? END
START how many troops were involved in operation desert storm? END
START how long did operation desert storm last? END
START what did the pentagon pan to increase the army strength to? END
START what state did iraq invade in 1990? END
START what operation ended in january 1991? END
START how many months did operation desert storm last? END
START how many canadian-led troops were deployed? END
START what year was the u.s. army organized? END
START what group combined with the u.s. army? END
START who raised the united states volunteers? END
START what year was the canadian army organized? END
START what group combined with the u.s. navy? END
START who dismantled the united states volunteers? END
START what did cities maintain full-time? END
START what is also called into the service of the navy? END
START what is the active component of the u.s. army? END
START what are the two reserve components of the u.s. army? END
START what are utas? END
START the u.s. army is organized under what title of the united states code? END
START who does the d.c. national guard report to? END
START what is the inactive component of the u.s. army? END
START what are the two reserve components of the u.s. navy? END
START the u.s. army is organized under what title of the united nations code? END
START who does the d.c. national navy report to? END
START what does asi stand for? END
START what is are combat medics duties? END
START where do the officers go to complete their branch specific training? END
START if the officers want to advance their careers even further, where is that available? END
START what does isi stand for? END
START where do ensigns go to complete their branch specific training? END
START where does post-commissioning training take place? END
START what does isi training is offered? END
START what does the army use for facilities while they are deployed? END
START what are the barracks used for? END
START where are the dining facilities called? END
START what does fob stand for? END
START what is the abbreviation for a tactical operations center? END
START what does the coast guard use for facilities while they are deployed? END
START what are dfac ships used for? END
START what does fab stand for? END
START where are horses stabled? END
START who dismantles tents? END
START which war had the most u.s. casualties associated with it? END
START what were the u.s. forces referred to as? END
START what state did not contribute any troops to the union army? END
START which war had the least u.s. casualties with it? END
START what were the southern forces referred to as? END
START what state contributed the most troops to the union army? END
START what was the least expensive war for the u.s.? END
START in what year did the army start using fixed-wing aircraft? END
START who attacked new mexico in 1916? END
START what year did the u.s. join world war i? END
START what date did the u.s. intervention in new mexico end? END
START what year did the army start the left-wing aircraft? END
START who surrendered new mexico in 1916? END
START what year did the chinese join world war i? END
START what date did the u.s. intervention in new york end? END
START who was the secretary of defense in 1967? END
START how many divisions did the secretary of defense cut the original 15 down to? END
START how many brigades did the secretary of defense increase the number to? END
START who was the president of defense in 1967? END
START how many division did the secretary of defense cut the original 10 down to? END
START how many brigades did the secretary of defense decrease the number to? END
START what suggestions did the states have regarding increase of division? END
START what year did the federal government reorganize their forces?  END
START how many victims were killed in the attack on the pentagon? END
START what aircraft was hijacked? END
START did they crash into the eastern or wester part of the pentagon. END
START who was the highest ranking official killed in the attack? END
START how many victims were killed in the attack of the white house? END
START what aircraft was released by terrorists? END
START did the plane crash into the eastern or western part of the white house? END
START who was the lowest ranking official killed in the attack? END
START what is the army replacing divisions with? END
START how will the brigades be structured? END
START who can command any brigade? END
START what is the coast guard replacing divisions with? END
START how will the brigades be deconstructed? END
START who can command any branch of the army? END
START what is being dismissed? END
START what is the primary sidearm used by the u.s. army? END
START what type of frag grenade is used by the u.s. army? END
START the m18 is a type of what kind of grenade? END
START through what system are handguns being replacedby the u.s. army? END
START what is the primary sidearm used by the coast guard? END
START what type of frag grenade is used by the coast guard? END
START what type of grenade is the m17? END
START what system is replacing hats in the u.s. army? END
START what are the most common weapons used by the navy? END
START what does hmmwv stand for? END
START what is the hmmwv also known as? END
START the m1a2 abrams is an example of what? END
START what does mrap stand for? END
START what does hmmwa stand for? END
START what is the hmmwa also known as? END
START what does mraa stand for? END
START what is the least common type of combat support vehicles? END
START under what prussian king did the german empire unite as a nation-state? END
START what was the date of the treaty of frankfurt? END
START the treaty of frankfurt gave germany which imperial territory? END
START following the unification of germany, who maintained great authority in international affairs for two decades? END
START which specific fear was a factor in causing world war i? END
START what telegram had the intended effect on french public opinion? END
START following the ems telegram, what reaction did the french foreign minister report that he felt? END
START in parliament, who was the leader of the monarchists? END
START which french prime minister believed he had done all that he could to prevent a war? END
START on which date did france issue a declaration of war to the prussian government? END
START in which battle did the dreyse needle gun gain its fame? END
START at the start of the franco-prussian war, what was the age of the dreyse gun's design? END
START what was the dreyse rifle's tactical range? END
START what was the name of the famous cannon issued to prussian soldiers at the time? END
START what type of shell did the krupp weapon fire? END
START what was the date of the first action of the franco-prussian war? END
START on that date, which elements were assisted by prussian artillery forces? END
START who initially held a strong position during the battle at the border?  END
START douay's initial success was credited by what? END
START what threatened the french avenue of retreat? END
START what factor were the french unaware of at the start of the battle? END
START which french commander miscalculated the severity of the battle? END
START what was a key factor in frossard's disasterous retreat to the south? END
START what factor was credited to the large number of german casualties? END
START what outcome surprised the germans the following day? END
START on which date was the battle of gravelotte? END
START which battle was considered the biggest in the war? END
START where was the location of the battle of gravelotte?  END
START under which field marshall were the combined german forces commanded? END
START who commanded the french army of the rhine? END
START what factor forced the french to retreat to metz? END
START at metz, what was the approximate number of prussian troops? END
START who formed the new french army of chalons? END
START along with the army of the meuse, what other army did moltke march north with? END
START how many casualties did moltke suffer at beaumont? END
START at the start of the war, which country did european public opinion champion? END
START in which city did many italians attempt to proffer their services to the prussian embassy? END
START what caused a dramatic shift in italian sentiment toward the war? END
START to whom is the quote, "rescue the french republic by every means" attributed? END
START what army did garibaldi gain command of in france? END
START on which date did hostilities between the german and french troops begin near orleans? END
START which side was initially successful at the battle of coulmiers? END
START on which date did the french triump over the germans at the battle of coulmiers? END
START on which date were the french forced to abandon orleans? END
START of the three battles that occured north of paris, which was the first that forced the french army to retreat? END
START what was public opinion in paris strongly opposed to? END
START on what date did president trochu resign? END
START who replaced president trochu? END
START in which french city was the surrender made official? END
START who disregarded the surrender and launched a failed attack on the germans? END
START what stunned neutral observers about the end of the war? END
START what outcome had most people expected from the war? END
START whose strategic advantages were not appreciated until after the war over? END
START what german advantages were discerned by other countries in the aftermath?  END
START what is at least one german innovation that other countries would later adopt in other wars? END
START the effect of german victory and ensuing influence stems back to what factor? END
START what was the prussian general staff quick to utilize at the onset of the war? END
START what was one factor behind the inefficiency of the french railway system? END
START what factor especially affected travel to the front in alsace and lorraine? END
START who was responsible for dealing with chaotic train yards and unloaded wagons? END
START who commanded the prussian 12 cavalry brigade? END
START what did general von bredow lead a charge against at the battle of mars-la-tour? END
START what did von bredow's pyrrhic victory become known as? END
START what military tactic proved to be unsuccessful on the 1914 battlefields? END
START what was one of two factors that led von bredow's narrow success on the battlefield? END
START in which prussian province did a large polish population reside? END
START what was there strong support of in posen? END
START what calls were made for the polish recruits? END
START on what date did bismarkck receive the disturbing report on the posen situation? END
START what significant consequence was a result of german-polish relations? END
START what are the causes of the franco-prussian war deeply rooted in? END
START in the aftermath of the austro-prussian war, formed what group? END
START what was the effect of that new group on the european balance of power? END
START what established the european balance of power in 1815? END
START as prussia sought to incorporated several german kingdoms, what stance did france assume? END
START in peacetime, what the approximate number of french soldiers? END
START veterans of the french army had prviously fought in which war in italy? END
START the "seven weeks war" was between which two countries? END
START who reformed the low numbers of troops by implementing universal conscription? END
START if a citizen was for some reason not conscripted, in what militia were they were registered? END
START what entity controlled the prussian army? END
START who commanded the general staff? END
START what was the unique purpose of the prussian army during peacetime? END
START the officers of the general staff were hand-selected from which place? END
START what new technologies in particular were courted by moltke? END
START on which date did frossard's and bazaines's troops cross the german border? END
START which regiment did their respective corps force from the town of saarbrucken? END
START what proved its worth against the dreyse rifle? END
START how many casualties did the french suffer at saarbrucken? END
START how many casualties did the prussians suffer at saarbrucken? END
START what diplomatic crisis was bismarck credited with skillfully creating?  END
START a dispatch was edited about a meeting between the french ambassador and what prussian king? END
START what was the purpose of editing the dispatch? END
START on which date did the french parliament vote to declare war on prussia? END
START where did the quickly mobilised troops first invade in france? END
START which town's people surrendered to the germans? END
START in which direction did the french troops who did not surrender head? END
START how many dead troops leave behind? END
START how many prisoners did the french leave behind? END
START what weapon once again increased the effectiveness of the infantry attacks? END
START what is the franco-prussian war also known as? END
START what was the war often referred to in france as? END
START in the conflict, who lead the german states of the north german confederation? END
START whose ambitions are credited with causing the conflict? END
START which prussian chancellor's motives in the conflict are still disputed? END
START in whose cadidacy did the immediate cause of war reside? END
START what did france fear by an alliance between prussia and spain? END
START who goaded the french into war by editing a telegram sent by william i? END
START what was the name of the famous telelgram? END
START what was the reaction of the french people to the deceptively crafted offense in the ems dispatch? END
START what battle began when two armies collided in the town of froschwiller? END
START on what date did the battle of worth begin? END
START what was the estimated number of troops in prussia's 3rd army? END
START what number of troops did france have to contend with? END
START instead of pursuing the french as they retreated, the germans decided to remain where? END
START in which country was a war against france condsidered desirable? END
START what was the overarching prussian motive in starting a war with france? END
START who had no doubts that a franco-german war was totally necessary? END
START who did bismarck feel needed to be viewed as the aggressor in the conflict? END
START in bringing the southern german states to align with prussia, what tactical outcome was achieved? END
START on what date did the battle begin? END
START who order the first and second armies to advance against the french? END
START which general opened the battle with artillery from the 25th infantry division? END
START who did the battle first appear to favor? END
START who was the commander of the first army? END
START what modern, mass-produced weapon were the french infantry provided? END
START what was the maximum effective range of the chassepot rifle? END
START in which type of warfare did the french best utilize the chassepot? END
START what precedent of the machine gun did the french troops also possess? END
START on what was the mitrailleuse mounted? END
START on which date did the battle begin with the army of chalons attacking various prussian divisions? END
START who commanded the french v corps in reserve? END
START as the french were hard-hit by the prussian artillery, what continued to show up to the battlefield? END
START which commander of the french calvary led three desperate attacks on floing? END
START how many casualties did the french suffer? END
START pre-war, who planned for a strong french offensive? END
START from thionville towards trier, what was the final destination of the offensive? END
START niel's plan was cast aside in favour of a plan by general frossard and what other general?? END
START the new plan called for which army to remain in a defensive grouping at the german border? END
START which disaster made french planning supremely essential? END
START which general was determined to go on the attack over saar? END
START planning for the next battle was less based on emotion and more focused on what? END
START who told leboeuf that supply beyond the saar would be impossible? END
START what did the french armies decide on to protect against every possible attack point? END
START what army's defeats turned gambetta to the army of the north? END
START who led the army of the north? END
START several smaller victories were acheived by the protection of what? END
START the belt of fortresses were in what area of france? END
START this position in the north allowed whose men to launch fast attacks against prussian units? END
START what odds were at stake for the attack launched by the iii corps? END
START what town were the iii corps able to capture? END
START in capturing vionville, what was further blocked in the west? END
START with battle at metz, what factor shattered the efforts of iii corps? END
START the germans recorded how many causualties in the battle? END
START which prince ordered an artillery attack against canrobert? END
START which army's defeat compelled prince charles to attack? END
START as the second army pushed into ravine, the xii corps cleared out which adjacent town? END
START the surving soldiers of the 1st guards infantry division launched a new attack against what? END
START which army was forced to retreat to metz and surrender two months later? END
START a blockade of what coastline was ordered by the french government at the start of the war? END
START the small north german navy had how many ironclads at their disposal? END
START what was the name of the only turret ship that was able to conduct operations? END
START how many ships was the french navy able to dispatch to sea? END
START in pursuing prussian ships, what resource was quickly depleted? END
START which battle was the second of three key french losses? END
START on what date did the battle of spicheren take place? END
START moltke had originally planned to kee bazaine's army on what river? END
START which general's zeal and lack of planning led to cutting off prince charles from his calvary? END
START which town was the site of general von steinmetz's grave error? END
START the general staff developed by moltke proved to be what? END
START what was key factor did the prussian general staff study? END
START what was the goal in the general staff studying past operations? END
START the structure also reinforced moltke's ability control large formations spread out over what? END
START who is essentially considered the commander in chief of the prussian army? END
START what did the germans expect to negotiate? END
START on what date was the encirclement of paris complete? END
START bismarck and favre met on what date? END
START what was the location of bismarck and favre's meeting? END
START bismarck demanded the surrender of strasbourg and what fortress city? END
START by late afternoon, what were the prussian southern attacks at risk of? END
START which prussian general commanded the attack against the french at st. privat? END
START what factor immobilised the prussian guard? END
START by nightfall a major component of the vii and vii corps withdrew towards what prussian position? END
START what did the prussian army hold in paris on 17 february? END
START under what provision was the prussian army permitted to have a victory parade? END
START to hounour the armistice, bismarck allowed train loads of what into paris? END
START france had to consent to pay how much in war indemnity? END
START an ensuing mass exodus from paris saw how many people head for the countryside? END
START whose surrender hit paris as big news? END
START which empire was overthrown by a popular uprising in paris? END
START the uprising forced a proclamation of what? END
START how did the new government refer to itself? END
START bismarck desired an early piece but lacked what in the negotiation process? END
START a series of prussian and german victories took place in what part of france? END
START what seige did these victories lead to? END
START what battle was a result of the prussian and german victories in eastern france? END
START which army definitively defeated napolean iii? END
START on what date did the government of national defence declare the the third republic in paris? END
START some historians counter that napolean iii sought what? END
START napoleon iii belived he would win the astro-prussian war and win a conflict with what country? END
START it is also argued that napoleon iii thought a war would resolve the growing issue of what? END
START before the war, french voters overwhelming supported what program of napoleon iii? END
START who proposed that emperor needed no war to increase his public appeal? END
START what did napoleon iii plan to relieve pressure from an expected german attack? END
START what country were the french hoping to be allied with? END
START what military strength could denmark to france in a war? END
START what had prussia been discovered building around big north german ports? END
START what did the french navy lack in engaging coastal defenses? END
START what was the prussian army composed of, instead of regulars? END
START service was mandatory for all men sharing which feature? END
START together, prussia and germany expected to amass how many soldiers? END
START german tactics relied on what type of battle strategy? END
START what is an example of a german encirclement battle? END
START what prussian system was superior to the french example? END
START prussian military officers were trained to exude what type thinking? END
START what commander of the general staff held the expectaion of independent thinking in his officers? END
START what did the french dearth of an education and promotion system stifle? END
START which military historian criticized the french system as being defective? END
START what aspect of the chassepot was superior to the german needle gun? END
START what french weapon was considered a rough prototype of the first machine gun?  END
START how many barrels did the mitrailleuse feature? END
START what was the range of the mitrailleuse? END
START treating the mitrailleuse like what rendered it far less effective END
START the french marines and naval infantry were dispatched to reinforce what? END
START the french navy fell captive where? END
START who also was captured at sedan? END
START the autumn storms of what sea forced the return of yet more french ships? END
START on which rough date did the french navy abandon their blockade? END
START which marshal was closest to wissembourg? END
START how many divisions did macmahon command? END
START over how many miles did macmahon's divisions cover? END
START whose conduct made a bad situation worse? END
START what group did general ducrot command? END
START what became highly politicised during the war? END
START in what type of neighborhoods did the occur especially? END
START what did the national guard refuse to wear? END
START what did the national guard refuse to obey? END
START on which dates did la semaine sanglante occur in paris? END
START who commanded the french army at the battle of worth? END
START which german divisison did macmahon engage? END
START who commanded the german 1st army? END
START what did a german patrol spot that led them to believe that frossard had retreated? END
START whose plan did german armies ignore in attacking frossard? END
START who were the casualties especially terrible for? END
START what was the grand total of german casualties and those missing in action? END
START what were the number of french killed and wounded? END
START what was the number of french prisoners? END
START what did most prussians fall under? END
START what was the republican government amenable to? END
START who declared that france would not yield "an inch of its territory?" END
START who was favre speaking on behalf of? END
START when did favre make the declaration concerning colonial territories? END
START what did this cause the republic to renew? END
START who was the prussian minister of war? END
START what was the time span that von roon acted as minister? END
START he instituted a series of what regarding the prussian military? END
START what was the first step in the reforms? END
START what was the second reform? END
START what type of artillery were the french equipped with? END
START what newer artillery were prussians using? END
START what did the french believe was overly wasted in artillery with a higher rate of fire? END
START the prussian artillery batteries had what percentage more of guns than the french? END
START what was the typical range that prussian guns could fire? END
START on what date did the government of national defence negotiate an armistice? END
START with whom did the french government negotiate? END
START what consequence of war were parisians suffering? END
START which french minister traveled to versailles to discuss peace? END
START what was the date on which jfarve and bismarck met? END
START how many were killed by the communards? END
START which religious official was also killed during the fighting? END
START what type of buildings were especially targeted to be burned down? END
START what famous palace was also burned down? END
START what is the rough estimate of the number of people killed? END
START at the start of the war, how many german troops were focused on the french frontier? END
START how many french troops were available to stand again the germans? END
START what is the literal meaning of the prussian word "kreis?" END
START what did the french military numbers suffer from the most? END
START the events of the franco-prussian war had great influence on what? END
START lessons garnered from the war included recognizing the need for what kind of system? END
START who adopted the prussian artillery tactics in 1914? END
START what was the french 75 optimised to directly support? END
START evidence from what war suggested the increased benefits of smokeless poweder rifles? END
START a unified german empire ended the balance of power in which congress? END
START at the end of the napoleonic wars, germany had established itself as what, in continental europe? END
START who remained the dominant world power at this time? END
START british involvement in european matters in the late 19th century was considered what? END
START the crown prince's marriage to whom was considered the most prominent of german-british royal liasons? END
START a surge in hormone production triggers a number of physical changes during what stage of life? END
START which gland secretes a surge of hormonal agents into the blood stream? END
START which part of the body releases testosterone in males? END
START which part of the body relesases estrogen in females? END
START an imbalance in sex hormones, tissue responsiveness, or obesity can cause what in boys? END
START what is the cultural purpose of adolescence? END
START what is the transitional period between childhood and adulthood viewed as? END
START is adolescence a period of one transition or multiple transitions? END
START what transitions occur during puberty in addition to living circumstances? END
START how do a person's heart and lungs change during puberty? END
START increased size and capacity of the heart and lungs result in what changes to the body? END
START which sex tends to develop larger hearts and lungs? END
START which sex tends to have more red blood cells than the other? END
START which body system are a person's lungs a major proponent of? END
START is a person's brain fully developed by the time they reach puberty? END
START the brain reaches what percentage of its adult size by the time a person is six years old? END
START the biggest changes in the brain during puberty occur in the parts of the cortex that process what kinds of information? END
START what parts of the brain continue to become more complex into the late teens? END
START the brain reaches 90% of its adult size by the time a person reaches what year of age? END
START which neuromodulator is involved in regulation of mood and behavior? END
START are the effects of serotonin limited to the limbic system? END
START serotonin is a neuromodulator that is involved in regulation of what? END
START which system in the brain determines rewards and punishments, emotional experiences, and social information? END
START which two neurotransmitters cause adolescents to be more emotional and more responsive to rewards and stresses? END
START are adolescents or children more bound to concrete events? END
START deductive reasoning leads to the development of what type of thinking? END
START what type of thinking provides the ability to plan ahead and makes adolescents more skilled debaters? END
START adolescents develop a more sophisticated understanding of what mathematical concept thanks to their increased hypothetical thinking abilties? END
START are sexual actvity and risky behaviors more likely in boys that mature early or later? END
START increased aggresiveness and early sexual maturation in adolescent boys are due to a surge of what? END
START are early or late maturing boys generally taller and stronger than their friends? END
START what is one reason a late maturing boy may be less confident when comparing himself to others? END
START how is wisdom defined? END
START wisdom increases between age fourteen and what? END
START is wisdom the same thing as intelligence? END
START do adolescents perform significantly better on iq tests than other age groups? END
START what word is defined as the capacity for insight and judgement that is developed through experience? END
START how is adolescence defined biologically? END
START how is adolescence defined cognitively? END
START changes to sex organs, height, weight, and muscle mass are examples of which type of change? END
START increases in knowledge and the ability to think abstractly are examples of which kind of change? END
START who founded the university of california, berkeley's institude of human development? END
START what year was the university of california, berkeley's instutute of human development founded? END
START what was the univerity of california, berkeley's institute of human development formerly called? END
START what year was the oakland growth study initiated? END
START what year did data for the oakland growth study stop being collected? END
START what is a male's major landmark of puberty? END
START at what average age does a male's first ejaculation occur? END
START what is a female's major landmark of puberty? END
START besides heredity, what other factors contribute to when menustration begins? END
START do girls who are malnourished start menustrating earlier or later than those with high-fat diets? END
START how can the ideal self be described in terms of the adolescent? END
START how can the feared self be described in terms of the adolescent? END
START do adolescents demonstrate intended behavior moving towards the ideal or feared self? END
START what term is the beginning of menstruation given? END
START how many years does regular ovulation follow menarche? END
START do males or females appear physically mature before they are capable of reproduction? END
START what are two areas of the reproductive system that experience growth in females during puberty? END
START what activity often results in a boy's first ejaculation? END
START what are primary sex characteristics? END
START what does the first stage of puberty involve for males? END
START after growth of the testes and scrotum, while male body part experiences growth next? END
START which male body parts enlarge and develop at the same time as the penis? END
START at what stage do parents see their children as equals? END
START during what stage of development is there increased parent-child conflict and a less cohesive familial bond? END
START during puberty and adolescence, do most children share the same or different attitudes and values as their parents? END
START which part of the brain is involved in decision making and cognitive control? END
START which area of the brain is important for controlling impulses and planning ahead? END
START which part of the brain is important for evaluating rewards and risks? END
START which are the first areas to be pruned during puberty? END
START motor and sensory skills are examples of what kind of brain function? END
START what is one area in which peer groups can have positive influences on an individual? END
START what are some of the negative experiences that peer pressure can influence during adolescence? END
START at what age does succeptability to peer pressure peak? END
START what are some social skills that peer groups offer members the opportunity to develop? END
START what view towards cognitive development during adolescence did piaget take? END
START did piaget believe that cognitive improvement was sudden and drastic or slow and steadied? END
START besides the information-processing perspective, what is the other major approach to understanding cognitive change during adolescence? END
START the information-processing perspective towards cognitive development derives from the study of what? END
START casual sexual encounters are often referred to as what? END
START do most sexual experiences during adolescence take place within or seperate from romantic relationships? END
START where do some adolescents feel is a safe place to seek out romantic relationships, try out dating and indentity exploration? END
START what seperates "heavy" sexual activity from other forms of affection? END
START for older adolescents, is sexual activity in a romantic relationship associated with lower or higher levels of deviant behavior? END
START what is the term used to describe thinking about thinking itself? END
START are adolescents or children better able to understand that people do not have complete control over their thoughts? END
START the imaginary audience and personal fable peak at what age? END
START at what age does self-consciousness in general peak? END
START what questionaire has been used to measure the age in which adolescents should be able to engage in autonomous behaviors? END
START do white or asian parents tend to expect autonomy earlier than the other? END
START what has the teen timetable questionnaire been used to guage? END
START what is an example of a poor birth control method? END
START are higher or lower levels of parental support associated with risky sexual behavior? END
START is exploratory sexual behavior seen as similar or seperate to other aspects of identity? END
START does having unprotected sex, multiple sexual partners, and poor communication increase or decrease individual and social risk? END
START does research favor or reject the hypothesis that adolescents and adults think about risk similarly but hold different values and therefore come to different conclusions? END
START a priority in sexual attraction and dating can prove helpful in order to complete what reproductive advantage? END
START what does research indicate may affect risk-taking behavior throughout the lifespan? END
START when does the search for identity begin for most individuals? END
START what are some factors that make developing and maintaining an identity during the adolescent years a difficult task? END
START what are two main aspects of identity development? END
START what are the three general approaches to understanding identity development? END
START do adolescents with a less privileged upbringing have a more or less difficult time developing their identity? END
START identity achievement rarely occurs before what age? END
START is there a final endpoint in identity development? END
START evidence has supported which theorist's idea concerning stages of development? END
START does self-examination begin early or late in adolescence? END
START which theorist argued that not everyone fully achieves identity? END
START how do adolescents initially define themselves? END
START how is moratorium defined? END
START which researcher developed the current method for testing an individual's process along the stages of identity? END
START james marcia divides questions into how many categories? END
START which term is defined as one's thoughts and feelings about one's self-concept and identity? END
START is there evidence to support a drop in self-esteem during adolescence? END
START which type of self-esteem fluctuates rapidly and can cause severe distress and anxiety? END
START which type of self-esteem remains stable throughout adolescence? END
START what is the most important function of friendship? END
START at what age does awareness of one's sexual orientation occur on average? END
START at what age does coming out to one's peers occur on average? END
START at what age does coming out to adults occur on average? END
START how many times higher is the suicide rate amongst lgbt adolescents than their heterosexual peers? END
START what are factors causing a hightened suicide rate amongst lgbt adolescents? END
START are adolescents with authoritative parents more or less likely to complete secondary education by age 22? END
START are adolescents that have a good relationship with their parents more or less likely to smoke, drink, fight, or engage in unprotected sex? END
START which researchers conducted a 2009 study that concerned adolescents, their parents, and secondary education completion? END
START are modern day teenagers exposed to more or less media than other generations? END
START how many hours of television does the average teenager watch per year? END
START teenagers' views on body mass, loe self-esteem, and atypical eating patterns results in what? END
START how is "body dissatisfaction" defined? END
START what is the current divorce rate? END
START does divorce usually result in more or less contact with the noncustodial parent? END
START what new theory states that traumatic events during adolescence have lifelong effects? END
START does a parental divorce during childhood or adulthood have a positive or negative effect on a person during early adulthood? END
START what are a few examples of social and religious transition ceremonies? END
START what are some physical ways that some cultures mark the transition into adulthood? END
START do cultural transitions into adulthood vary, or are they the same? END
START do romantic relationships tend to increase or decrease throughout adolescence? END
START how many percent of adolescents have had a romantic relationship lasting one month or longer by age 15? END
START at what average age did american males report their first sexual intercourse took place? END
START at what average age did american females report their first sexual intercourse took place? END
START does the typical duration of relationships increase or decrease throughout the teenage years? END
START how is culture defined? END
START does culture affect all, some, or none of the aspects of an individual's life? END
START what is a challenge researchers face when studying culture and adolescents? END
START should culture be directly connected to a nation or ethnicity? END
START how do adolescents use online technology? END
START to what does "channel" refer in terms if adolescent communication? END
START what is a potential negative effect of using newer online channels of communication? END
START what percentage of sexually active teenagers will contract an sti? END
START what percent of the teenage population is affected by herpes and hpv? END
START girls ages 15 to 19 have higher rates of what std than any other age group? END
START what ratio of all new hiv cases occur in those under age 21? END
START according to a survey by the kaiser family foundation, what percentage of parents want schools to discuss contraception with their children? END
START in what year was the convention on the rights of the child created? END
START what two countries have not legally committed to advancing an anti-discriminaory stance towards young people? END
START a person below the age of majority may gain adult rights through what process? END
START what is legally different for an individual who has reached the age of majority? END
START in developing countries, is it common for children to attend fewer or greater years of formal schooling? END
START why, in developting countries, do children often attend fewer years of formal schooling? END
START according to family economic and financial education specialists, how do adolescents develop sound money management skills? END
START what word refers to the first ejactulation of a male? END
START what word refers to the first menstrual period in females? END
START what is the term for a culture that discourages sexual activity in unmarried adolescents? END
START what is the term for cultures that perceive sexual behavior among unmarried teens as acceptable or even encouraged? END
START are males and females expected to express their sexuality in the same ways or are there discrepancies between genders and cultures? END
START which of the five-factor model dimensions does not demonstrate an association with drinking motives? END
START is alcohol use a positive or negative emotion control mechanism? END
START which motivation for drinking alcohol results in low conscientiousness, lowered inhibition, and greater tendency towards aggression? END
START drinking to cope with negative emotional states correlates strongly with what behavioral qualities? END
START according to research findings, does internet use have a positive or negative effect on teen physical health? END
START why do research findings believe the internet has a negative effect on teen physical health? END
START how can the internet be beneficial for socially anxious teens? END
START which online activity has been consistently associated with increased liklihood of depression? END
START what is the most commonly abused substance during adolescent years in the u.s.? END
START aside from alcohol, what is the most commonly indulged drug habit during adolescent years? END
START the heightened usage of what drug is most likely due at least in some part to the rising popularity of rave culture? END
START from the late 1990s to mid 2000s, was drug use in teens on the rise or decline? END
START during what ages do reasons for alcohol consumption between males and females begin to diverge? END
START do boys or girls view drinking in a more social light? END
START which gender reports most frequently using alcohol as a coping mechanism? END
START does age bring a greater or smaller desire to drink for pleasure rather than coping? END
START from which language does the word "adolescence" originate? END
START what is the latin meaning of the word "adolescere"? END
START what is another term for legal adulthood? END
START physical growth and cognitive development generally observed in adolescents can extend to what age? END
START in recent years, has the amount of social networking sites available to the public increased or decreased? END
START what percentage of 12-17 year olds claim to have at least one social networking profile? END
START what percentage of teens say they text every day? END
START what percentage of teens report visiting social netorking sites daily? END
START what ratio of teens are "heavy" social media users, using two types of media daily? END
START are girls reaching sexual maturation early more or less likely to develop eating disorers? END
START nearly half of americam high school girls hope to achieve what goal with their diet? END
START are early or late maturing girls more exposed to alcohol and drug abuse? END
START do early or late maturing girls have more unwanted pregnancies? END
START who performs better in school: sexually experienced or inexperienced teen females? END
START is change in bodily distribution of fat and muscle the same or different between males and females during puberty? END
START do boys or girls grow muscle faster during puberty? END
START do boys or girls experience a more significant increase in body fat? END
START what is the ratio between muscle and fat among post-pubertal boys? END
START what is the ratio between muscle and fat amoung post-pubertal girls? END
START what is a secondary sex characteristic change? END
START how many tanner stages are there? END
START what was the occupation of the person who devised the tanner categorization system? END
START elevation of the breasts, development of pubic hair, and elevation of the nippes are examples of what type of changes? END
START is deepening of the voice in males a primary or secondary sex characteristic? END
START are children or adolescents more likely to question assertions and less likely to accept facts? END
START is not dating until a certain age a common sense or culturally-relative standard? END
START is refraining from touching a hot stoce a common sense or culturally-relative standard? END
START who was the first president of the american psychological association? END
START what was the title of the publication that started the formal study of adolescent psychology? END
START from the '50s to the '80s, was the field's focus devoted to describing patterns of behavior or explaining them? END
START which theorist is known for his beliefs on evolution? END
START how do children tend to define themselves? END
START do children or adolescents define themselves based on values, thoughts, and opinions? END
START which idea is known as the ability of a person to have opinions and beliefs that are defined confidently, consistent, and stable? END
START greater self-awareness, greater awareness of others, and the ability to consider multiple possiblities at once are examples of what kind of developments? END
START which adolescent ethninticy is most often studied? END
START what social class of adolescents is most often studied? END
START the period of one's life that spans late adolescence and early adulthood is known as what? END
START is an inner city or crime-driven neighborhood more or less likely to be detrimental to one's development? END
START why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity? END
START what has the largest affect over one's social development? END
START do a teen's friends have a large or small impact on their social development? END
START do adolescents become heavily emotionally invested in friends or are they generally anti-social? END
START does communication with peers increase or decrease during adolescence? END
START do children or adolescents tend to associae with friends of the opposite sex more? END
START how is adolescence defined socially? END
START did adolescents report more sexual or social events to researchers? END
START why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important? END
START holding hands with one's partner and telling others about a relationship are examples of what kind of adolescent event? END
START what are the three main types of autonomy? END
START how is behavioral autonomy defined? END
START adolescent cultural differences are especially visible in which type of autonomy? END
START how is cognitive autonomy defined? END
START is an adolescent's mental health at its best when their feelings of autonomy match closely with their parents or when they are at odds? END
START do american teenagers spend more or less time in shool than adolescents in other countires? END
START do american teenagers spend more or less time on leisure activities than adolescents in other countries? END
START does the amount of time adolescents spend on work and leisure vary from culture to culture or reman relatively constant? END
START what are two potential reasons that adolescents in different cultures spend varying time on work and leisure activities? END
START is teenage alcohol drug use at al all-time high or low? END
START do teens smoke marijuana or cigarettes more commonly? END
START are male or female late adolescents more likely to smoke cigarettes? END
START what is one possible explanation for the shift towards marijuana and away from cigarettes? END
START are motives behind teen alcohol use varied or uniform across different cultures? END
START what two reasons for adolescent drinking are shared across cultural contexts? END
START what is the most common reason for drinking among adolescents according to surveys in argentina, hong kong, and canada? END
START what percentage of argentenian teens reported drinking to improve a bad mood? END
START in hong kong, did males or females most frequently report drinking to feel the effects of the alcohol? END
START the transition from child-to-adulthood can be broadly defined as what? END
START how long does the united states believe adolescence lasts? END
START does the time frame of adolescence vary from culture to culture or remain universally agreed upon? END
START leaving school, starting a full-time job, getting married, and becoming a parent for the first time are markers in what stage of one's development, according to hogan & astone? END
START is adolescence usually accompanied by increased parental supervision or increased independence? END
START is the end of adolescence and beginning of adulthood easily agreed upon or does it vary by country? END
START do milestones such as driving a vechile, serving on a jury, voting, and marriage all have a common age of responsibility? END
START when do the first facial hairs present in pubescent males? END
START for how long does facial hair continue to get darker, coarser, and thicker? END
START where does facial hair first present during puberty? END
START do males or females experience growth spurts first? END
START how much later on average do males experience their growth spurt? END
START what is the growth rate during peak height velocity for a male adolescent? END
START what is the growth rate during peak height velocity for a female adolescent? END
START growth rates during adolescent are comparible to those of what other life stage? END
START does the amount of white matter in the brain increase or decrease over the course of adolescence? END
START does the amount of grey matter in the brain increase linearly or follow an inverted-u pattern over the course of adolescence? END
START during which process are unnecessary neuronal connections in the brain eliminated? END
START does the brain become more or less efficient as a result of synaptic pruning? END
START who describes adolescence as the stage of life in which the individual's thoughts start taking more of an abstract form? END
START what is another term for congitive skills that enable the control and coordination of thoughts and behavior? END
START which cortex is commonly associated with the coordination of thoughts and behavior? END
START does piaget believe that egocentric thoughts decrease or increase during adolescence? END
START do adolescents or children understand puns, proverbs, metaphors, and analogies most effectively? END
START children under what age often cannot comprehend sarcasm? END
START are puns, proverbs, metaphors, and analogies lower-order or higher-order logic? END
START the appearance of more systematic, abstract thinking is a notable aspect of what type of development during adolescence? END
START most injuries sustained by adolescents are related to what? END
START do adolescents or adults seem to give more weight to rewards? END
START do adolescents, adults, or both weight the potential rewards and consequences of an action? END
START which theory proposes that adults and adolescents both weigh the potential rewards and consequences of an action? END
START when does differentiation appear fully developed? END
START when adolescents begin to qualify their traits, what are they demonstrating? END
START does the recognition of inconsistent content in one's self-concept typically bring distress or peace to an adolescent? END
START in what year did troiden propose a four-stage model for the development of homosexual sexual identity? END
START what is troiden's first stage of development known as? END
START when does sensitization usually start? END
START troiden's second stage is referred to as what? END
START in what stage is youth overwhelmed by feelings of inner turmoil regarding their sexual orientation? END
START does intimacy between same-sex siblings increase or decrease during adolescence? END
START when siblings act as peers, what positive effects are possible? END
START at what stage to mixed-sex siblings generally experience an increase in intimacy? END
START do adolescents associate with "cliques" on a large or small scale? END
START how are cliques defined? END
START what are the positive effects that cliques may have on an adolescent? END
START do adolescents associate with "crowds" on a large or small scale? END
START what percentage of adolescents reporting having experienced physical violence in a relationship? END
START what percentage of adolescents reported experiencing psychological aggression? END
START hitting, throwing objects, and slaps are examples of what type of aggression? END
START in heterosexual adolescent couples, is there a significant difference in the rates of male and female aggressors? END
START does physical aggression decline or increase during high-school, college, and early adulthood? END
START does adolescent participation in family work and routines have a positive or negative influence on feelings of self-worth, care, and concern for others? END
START what is one large determining factor in normative adolescent behavior? END
START how are household chores frequently divided? END
START through what means does an adolescent develop a unique belief system? END
START the active seeking of new ideas rather than the unquestioning acceptance of adult authority is known as what stage of development? END
START what things are youth responsible for forming a set of beliefs about during adolescence? END
START ceremonies, rituals, and confirmations are examples of what? END
START what percentage of adolescent homes have access to the internet? END
START what percentage of adolescents use the internet at least occasionally? END
START in the last decade, has the amount oftime adolescents spend on the computer increased or dereased? END
START what percentage of adolescents report using social networking sites? END
START what online activity has the largest number of reported adolescent particpation? END
START what is dis? END
START what are some of the negative things adolescents are susceptible to? END
START what does the dis focus on in adolescents? END
START what does the alcohol and illegal drug habits of teens tend to be shaped by? END
START what is one possible reasoning behind many students choosing to continue their smoking habits from middle school into late adolescence? END
START do peer acceptance and social norms have a greater or lesser effect on behavior at the onset of adolescence? END
START what is the range of consentual age variance between jurisdictions? END
START is the age that peope are allowed to marry universally decided upon? END
START what are other areas in which legal societal age varies? END
START which continent is the highest in elevation? END
START what is the annual precipitation rate of coastal antarctica? END
START what is the average coldest temperature? END
START what is the coldest recorded temperature? END
START ehat is the vegetation type on antarctica?  END
START what is on average is the coldest, wetest, and windiest continent? END
START what coninent has lowest average elevation? END
START where has the temperature reached 89.2 degress celsius  END
START how many humans live in antarctica? END
START what type of organism can not be found in antarctica? END
START what continent has only 200 in of annual precipitation? END
START where has the temperature reached -89.2f? END
START how many permanent residents are living in research stations? END
START what is the yearly average temperature in antarctica?  END
START to what mountainous area is antarctica geologically similar? END
START an uplift of what formed antarctica? END
START starting from the late paleozoic era, when did antarctica finish forming? END
START what are the most often found rocks in antarctica? END
START what type of geologic activity occurred even after the formation of the ice sheets? END
START what was once part of the andes mountains of south america? END
START what caused the antarctic peninsula to for prior to the paleozoic era? END
START what caused volcanism on the antarctic peninsula? END
START what are the rarest rocks in western antarctica? END
START what activity stopped after the ice sheet formed? END
START what closely resembles the andes mountain range of antarctica? END
START what was formed during the early paleozoic and the late mesozoic eras? END
START what are the most common rocks in antarctica? END
START when were the andesite and rhyolite formed in west antarctica? END
START what is there evidence of in alexander byrd land and marie island? END
START what did people once believe could not be found further south than australia? END
START what explorer gave the name of terra australis to australia? END
START what was the name of flinders book about his trip to australia? END
START when did flinders write his book of discovery? END
START what event caused people to misname antarctica? END
START what land mass was named after after australia? END
START what land mass was believed to be further south than australia? END
START what explorer opposed naming australia  after terra australis? END
START what book did matthew flinders write in the 18th century? END
START what continent was given the name australis terra? END
START what was flinder matthews credited with? END
START what book did flinders write in 1841? END
START part of what study is the census of antarctic marine life? END
START when was the census of sea life carried out in antarctica? END
START how many sea animals live in earth's polar regions? END
START besides birds, what large animals travel from one pole to the other? END
START what is the amount of difference in temperature  in the deep ocean? END
START who conducted a censuslife on antarctica in 2010? END
START how many marine organism live in the south pole region? END
START what animals live at the south pole all year? END
START where is there a large variatio in temperatures of the deep ocean? END
START what was conducted during the polar year international? END
START how many researchers were involved in the polar year international census? END
START what was released in 2001? END
START how many marine organisms were found in the 12,000 miles studied? END
START how many marine species were found within the 7,456 km studied? END
START what explorer led the nimrod expedition into antarctica? END
START who led the party to first climb mount erebus? END
START who led the return expedition to find the magnetic pole? END
START when did mawson retire after leading several expeditions? END
START when did roald amundsen reach the geographic south pole? END
START what expitition was led by shackleton in the 19th century? END
START what did the party led by shckleton climb? END
START what expedition reached the north magnetic pole? END
START what did edgeworth david traverse? END
START what ship did shackelton use to reach the geographic south pole? END
START what expedition was led by edgeworth shackleton? END
START who led nimrod expedition to antarctica?  END
START who led the magnetic pole party in 1931? END
START who led the expedition that would first reach the geographic south pole on 11 december 1914? END
START when was the south polar plateau first traversed? END
START when was the antarctic conservation act passed by the u.s.? END
START what type of penalty can importing plants and animals into antarctica bring? END
START over fishing of which species of fish helped promote regulations on fishing? END
START how many tonnes of patagonian toothfish were illegally fished in 2000? END
START when did the convention for the conservation of antarctic marine living resources  come into force? END
START what passed in 1987? END
START where was the 1987 antarctic conservation act passed? END
START what does cmaclr stand for? END
START what year did the cmaclr come into force? END
START what year saw illegal fishing of toothfish measure 32,000 short tons? END
START since what year has tourism been ongoing to antarctica? END
START what is expedition tourism to antarctica subject to? END
START how many of the antarctic tour operators belong to iaato? END
START what is the mode of travel for antarctic tours? END
START how many tourists went to antarctica during the 2006-07 season? END
START what has existed since 1975? END
START what does iatao stand for? END
START what percentage of tourism do members of the iatao account for? END
START how many tourists visited in 2006? END
START what was the number of tourists predicted to increase to in 2007? END
START what is the main mineral found on antarctica? END
START where was coal first found on antarctica? END
START what expedition discovered coal on antarctica? END
START where is iron ore found on antarctica? END
START where are oil and gas deposits located near antarctica? END
START what is the rarest mineral resource on the continent? END
START who first discovered coal in the southern hemisphere? END
START what ore was found near the beardmore glacier? END
START what valuable resources did the nimrod expodition find in the ross sea? END
START what type od resources can only be explored until 2048? END
START what is the main mineral resource of the prince charles glacier? END
START what did frank beardmore first record during the nimrod expedition? END
START what significant deposits are found in the transantarctic mountains? END
START what was found in the ross sea in 1937? END
START what is banned until 2084? END
START what type of research was princess elizabeth station built to study? END
START how much did the princess elizabeth station cost? END
START what unique characteristic does the princess elizabeth station feature? END
START from what country was the princess elizabeth station shipped? END
START who is the leader of the station design team? END
START what happened on 7 september 2006? END
START what was unveiled on 7 september 2006? END
START who unveiled the princess elisabeth on 7 september 2006? END
START what cost $13.6 million? END
START who is alain berte? END
START what type of ice originates on land and floats out to sea? END
START what events have occurred in recent decades to the ice shelves surrounding antarctica? END
START along what area has there been more collapsing ice shelves? END
START what could the displacement of ice cause? END
START what weather event would offset loss of ice shelves? END
START where did ice on land originate?  END
START what is the result of floating ice shelves melting from the land? END
START what does snow offset on the continent shelves? END
START where is the concern with regard to disruption of ice melts? END
START what can not grow extensively in antarctica? END
START what does the climate of antarctica inhibit? END
START hat is low and limited in antarctica? END
START how many species of mosses are there in antarctica? END
START what allows extensive vegitation to occur? END
START what promotes plant growth? END
START what is diverse and widely distributed? END
START where are there 25 species of mosses? END
START what climate allows extensive vegetation to form? END
START what are there 105 species of? END
START what are there 20 species of? END
START how many species of plants are there? END
START where are all of the plants found? END
START since what year have claims been suspended in antarctica? END
START what document regulates antarctica's status? END
START what latitude is defined as being antarctica's border? END
START how many countries signed the treaty protecting antarctica from claims? END
START what does the treaty set antarctica aside as? END
START what has been suspended since 1995? END
START what year did norway formally define maud queen land? END
START what 1995 treaty is antarctica's status regulated by? END
START what is defined as all land and ice shelves south of 59 s? END
START when did cook's ships cross the antarctic circle? END
START what kept captain cook from getting too close to antarctica? END
START how many men sighted antarctica in 1820? END
START how close did von bellingshausen and lazarev come to antarctica? END
START when was the first recorded landing on antarctica? END
START who's ship crossed the antarctic circle in the 17th century? END
START what ships did cook use to circle the antarctic circle? END
START who sighted antarctica or its ice shelf in the 18th century? END
START what ships were captained by bransfield and lazarev? END
START who sighted land ten months before bransfield? END
START what ships crossed the arctic circle on 17 january 1773? END
START what crossed the antarctic circle in december 1774? END
START who came within 120 mi of the antarctic coast in 1773? END
START what did three might sight in 1802? END
START what ice shelf was spotted within 32 mi from queen maud's land? END
START what has been an important atmospheric study since the 1970s? END
START where in antarctica is halley station? END
START when did scientists discover the hole in the ozone layer? END
START what chemical was discovered to have caused the hole in the ozone? END
START what agreement banned the use of cfc s? END
START what was studied in 1970? END
START what was discovered in 1985 in the ozone at the brunt station on the halley ice shelf? END
START what does ccf stand for? END
START what were banned in 1998? END
START what will happen to the ozone by 2050? END
START what type of climate did gondwana have during the cambrian period? END
START in what hemisphere did west antarctica share during the cambrian? END
START where was east antarctica during the cambrian period? END
START what was the climate of gondwana at the beginning of the devonian period? END
START where was gondwana located by the end of the devonian period? END
START what part of antarctica is currently in the northern hemispher? END
START what was deposited in western antarctica while it was in the southern hemisphere END
START what life florishes in east antarctica's tropical seas? END
START what dominated the land during the devion period? END
START when did antarctica develop a hot dry climate? END
START what had a mild climate during the devonian period? END
START what started 461 ma? END
START during the devonian period, where was east antarctica? END
START what began 306 ma? END
START what type of plants dominated the devonian period? END
START what is the earth's most southern continent? END
START which pole is located in antarctica? END
START what ocean surrounds antarctica? END
START what is the size of antarctica? END
START how much of antarctica is ice covered? END
START what is the earths northernmost continent? END
START what continent is almost entirely south of the arctic circle? END
START what ocean does antarctica surround? END
START what continents is antarctica larger than? END
START how thick is the ice at the northernmost reaches of the antarctic peninsula? END
START what continent is 14,000,000 square miles? END
START what continents are largest after antarctica?  END
START what continent is australia twice the size of? END
START what averages 1.9 mi in thickness? END
START how much of australia is covered by ice? END
START where was the coldest temperature recorded on earth? END
START what was the coldest temperature ever recorded? END
START on what date was the earth's coldest temperature recorded? END
START what is antarctica topographically ? END
START what light caused condition is a serious problem for humans in antarctica? END
START what is the coldest temerature recorded in russia? END
START what recieves less than 10 cm of rain per year? END
START what relflects most of the light falling on it? END
START what temperature was recorded in russia on 21 july 1983? END
START what does co2 make up 0.39% of? END
START what be produced in antarctica with temperatures less than -150f END
START what receives 10 inches of precipitation on average? END
START who wrote a book describing a cold region in 350 b.c.? END
START what map maker used the name antarctica in his map of the 2nd century a.d.? END
START what did authors hyginus and apuleious call the south pole? END
START what did chaucer call the area in 1391? END
START what was the old french words for the antarctic? END
START who wrote about an antarctic region in the third century b.c? END
START who's map is still preserved from the 2nd century a.d END
START what greek authors used the term polus anarcticus? END
START who refered to the south pole as antarctic pole in the 13th century? END
START what book did aristotle write in the 3rd century b.c. END
START what did aristotle write in 530 b.c.? END
START what is the roman name for the south pole? END
START who used meteorology in his preserved world map? END
START what did tyre of marinus produce? END
START in what do some scientists believe ozone depletion may have a role ? END
START what light does ozone absorb? END
START how much cooling can ozone depletion cause over antarctica? END
START what can the wind changes due to cooling cause in the antarctic ice? END
START what does ozone depletion cause in the southern atmosphere? END
START what has played a dominant role in the climate change in antarctica?  END
START what can cause a cooling of around 6c in the local air? END
START what is a pole vortex? END
START what enhanced the pole vortex? END
START who has research stations in antarctica? END
START what is the span of population density per million square kilometers of researchers in antarctica? END
START about long long do researchers stay when researching in antarctica? END
START what station has an orthodox church representative? END
START when did the trinity church begin its posting at bellinshausen station? END
START who maintains perminent settlements on the continent? END
START what antartcic church closed in 2004? END
START where are there 5,000 year round residents? END
START how many people are conducting research on nearby islands in the winter? END
START how many people are conducting research on nearby islands in the summer? END
START what is the population density of the surrounding islands? END
START what year did trinity orthodox open? END
START what station opened trinity orthodox? END
START what is the southern most continent? END
START what is the size of antarctica in square miles? END
START what is antarctica's ranking among the continents? END
START how many miles long is antarctica's coast line? END
START what continent is largely north of the antarctic circle? END
START what ocean does antarctica surround? END
START what other oceansbesides the southern ocean does antarctica surround? END
START what continent is 14,000,000 square miles? END
START what coninent is 1.3 times smaller than europe? END
START what surrounds the southern ocean? END
START what continent covers more than 14,000,000 sq mi? END
START what continent is 3.1 times as large as europe? END
START what measures 17,968 square miles? END
START what is positioned symmetrically around the south pole? END
START what sea plankton doe many sea creatures rely on to live? END
START what breed of penguin lives in antarctica? END
START during what season does the emperor penguin breed? END
START what feature does the rockhopper penguin have around its eyes? END
START which penguin breeds the furterest south of all the penguin breeds? END
START what do the phytolankton depend on? END
START what animals live on the continent of antarctica? END
START what is the only penguin that breeds on antarctica? END
START what penguin breeds south of antarctica? END
START what type of feathers do king penguins have? END
START what do marine animals directly rely on? END
START what is the adelie penguin the only one to do during winter in antarctica?  END
START what direction does the emperor penguin go further than any other to breed? END
START what is the highest peak in antarctica? END
START how high is the antarctic mountain vinson massif? END
START in what mountainous area of antarctica is vinson massif? END
START what is the earth's most southern volcano? END
START what type of volcano was located in 2004 by researchers? END
START what is the highest peak in the world? END
START what mountains are 4,892 ft high? END
START what is the worlds most active volcano? END
START wha island has the southern most volcano in the world? END
START who found the forst underwater volcano? END
START what is the highest peak in antarctica at 4,892 ft? END
START how tall is massif vinson? END
START where is massif vinson located? END
START what is mount ross considered to be? END
START what island had a volcanic eruption in 1907? END
START when did negotiations start to regulate mining in antarctica? END
START what group led the fight to prevent mineral development in antarctica? END
START when was the treaty to regulate mining agreed upon? END
START which two countries refused to ratify the treaty to regulate mineral use in antarctica? END
START what was the alternate treaty offered by australia and france? END
START what began in 1938? END
START what does carmar stand for? END
START what year was the carmar adopted? END
START who announced they would not ratify the carmar? END
START what was entered into force on 14 january 1983? END
START what did most of gondwana become when the polar ice melted? END
START what plants were abundant during this time? END
START what type of reptiles were common during the early triassic? END
START when did the antarctic peninsula form? END
START during what period did gondwana begin to break apart? END
START what caused polar ice caps to form on gondwana? END
START what type of plamdt became abundent on gondwana? END
START what type of animal was coomon during the late triassic? END
START what penninsula formed during the triassic period? END
START why did eastern antarctica become? END
START what type of rock was laid down in eastern gondwana? END
START what began to form during the years 204-166 ma? END
START what types of trees and plants appeared during the triassic period? END
START what period is marked by the years 166-46 ma? END
START what astronomical study is important research for antarctica? END
START what is the supposed source of most antarctica meteorites? END
START when was the first meteorite found in antarctica? END
START what expedition found nine meteorites in 1969? END
START what is it about antarctic meteorites that is different form meteorites found in other places? END
START what was first found in 1921? END
START what was the name of the 1921 meteorite? END
START what happened in 1996? END
START how many meteorites did the 1996 japanese expedition find? END
START what location means that antarctica get little solar radiation? END
START in what condition is most water in the antarctica? END
START what is the usual condition of precipitation in the antarctic? END
START what does the massed snow in antarctica produce? END
START what are ice streams otherwise called? END
START why does antarctica receive solar radiation? END
START what continent is a complete desert?  END
START what is next to the continental shelves? END
START what are temperatures like offshore to effect global cooling? END
START where did the first semi-permanent residents of the antarctic area live? END
START what was the profession of the residents of south georgia? END
START in what year did the sealers start staying on south georgia? END
START what was the nationality of most whalers? END
START when did explorer carl anton larsen become a british citizen? END
START who were the first permenat residents of regions near antarctica? END
START when was the first perminant settlment established on south georgia? END
START who settled south georgia in 1966? END
START what settlements were established on antarctica? END
START what british citizens established grtviken on antarctica? END
START who were the first permanent inhabitants of antarctica? END
START what lasted until 1696? END
START what were the norwegian settlements? END
START what did captain anon carl larsen found? END
START who adopted british citizenship in 1901? END
START where in antarctica has warming been noticed? END
START how much has west antarctica warmed per decade in the last 5o years? END
START what do some researchers believe to be that cause of this warming? END
START what is thought to be the cause of glacier outflow? END
START what is the thinking of the cause  of the antarctic peninsula sea level. END
START who published a 2007 study? END
START what has been the temperature trend of antarctica per decade from 1959 to 2006? END
START what did the study note about the temperatures in east antarctica?  END
START what has the warming in east antarctica been offset by in west antarctica? END
START what animal was greatly hunted during the 18th and 19th centuries? END
START for whom is the weddell seal named ? END
START what did  sir james weddell command? END
START what is a very important species in the southern ocean? END
START why is the krill so important to the antarctic area? END
START what animal was heavily hunted in the 18 and 1900's? END
START what seal is named after the commander of american sealing expoditions? END
START what whaler had a seal named after him? END
START what is the keystone species of the arctic ocean? END
START what bird do leapard seals feed on? END
START what was hunted during 1819? END
START what countries did the 1819 sealers come from? END
START what is named after james sir weddell? END
START what was james sir weddell commander of? END
START when did the environmental protocol become effective? END
START what is the main concern of the protocol? END
START what is seen as a major risk to antarctica? END
START what group advises the antarctic treaty consultative meeting? END
START besides conservation, what is the environmental protocol's goal to manage? END
START what is the environomental protection protocol to the treaty antarctic also known as? END
START what came into force in 1988? END
START what is the environmental protection protocol to the treaty antarctic? END
START where is the main concern about native species from? END
START what does the protocol on environmental protection seek to regulate? END
START in what year was an agreement reached to ban mining in antarctica? END
START when will the mining ban be reviewed? END
START what is the major economic activity near antarctica? END
START how many tonnes of fish were reported caught in 2000-01? END
START what minerals have been found in quantities large enough to exploit? END
START what does the 1919 protocol on environmental protection to the antarctic treaty restrict? END
START what was reached in 1989? END
START how many tonnes did antarctic fisheries report in 2000? END
START how do the meteorites found in antarctica add to knowledge about the solar system? END
START beside rare types of meteorites, what other types of meteorites have been found in antarctica? END
START from where in the solar system could the meteorites have come? END
START about what nearby planet could the antarctic meteorites hold data? END
START what do meteorites absorb that can be used to understand how old the meteorite is? END
START what is ahl84010? END
START who discovered the ahl84010 meteorite?  END
START what controversy surrounds the ahl84010? END
START when did the larsen-b ice shelf collapse? END
START what antarctic ice shelf collapsed in 2008? END
START when did the most widespread melting of ice occur? END
START how large was the ice chunk that melted and refroze? END
START how high could the temperatures have risen to cause the melting? END
START what happened to the b-larsen ice shelf in 2002? END
START when did 570 sq mi of ice from the wilkins ice shelf collapse? END
START where did 15,000 sq mi of ice remain? END
START what remaining ice collapsed on 9 april 2005? END
START when was the first time humans visited antarctica? END
START what was antarctica presumed to be by the ancient thinkers? END
START what did ptolemy suggest that a southern land mass would do to preserve?  END
START of what did early explores think australia and south america were part? END
START early geographers thought that antarctica was what in size? END
START when was antarctica last seen by humans? END
START what is the vast continent in the far north? END
START who suggested the idea of terrs australis in the 1st cuntury b.c.? END
START what was discovered in the 1700's? END
START who believed thet antarctica was smaller then its actual size? END
START what continent has an indigenous population that arrived in the 19th century? END
START what is australis terra? END
START who suggested australis terra? END
START how much of antarctica is covered by ice? END
START how thick is the ice that covers antarctica? END
START how much of earth's ice is in antarctica? END
START how much of the earth's fresh water is held in antarctica? END
START what is the amount of precipitation per year in the interior of antarctica? END
START what ice sheet covers all of antarctica? END
START what ice sheet averages at least1 kilometer thick? END
START what continent has 90% of the worlds fresh water? END
START what continent has 70% of the worlds ice? END
START where on antarctica is the ppercipitation as low as .8 mm? END
START what is, on average, 1.6 mi thick? END
START what is 90% of antarctica covered by? END
START what does antarctica have 98% of for the world? END
START how much of antarctica is fresh water? END
START how would the sea levels rise 200 m? END
START what lake is thought to contain microbial life? END
START to what does the frozen surface of lake vostok resemble? END
START with what is europa associated?? END
START when did nasa go on an expedition to lake untersee? END
START for what was nasa searching? END
START what lake on europe may conatin microbial life? END
START what planet might contain life? END
START what lake has a frozen surface similar to jupiter? END
START who emberked on a mission to lake vostok in 2008? END
START what was nasa searching for in lake vostok? END
START what was drilled to about 400 ft? END
START what might vostok's lake contain? END
START what do the waters in the lake share similarities with? END
START where did a nasa team go on 8 february 2007? END
START in what period did africa beak off from antarctica? END
START when was antarctica still joined to australia? END
START what type of climate did antarctica have in the cretaceous period? END
START when did australia separate from antarctica? END
START after the division from australia, what began to appear? END
START what seperated from antarctica in the cretaceous? END
START what did antactica connect to in the jurassic? END
START when did antarctica have a tropical cimate? END
START what currents began isolating australia in 66 ma END
START what happened around 106 ma? END
START when did new-australia guinea separate from antarctica?  END
START what took place about 43 million years ago? END
START what was found to be 670ppm about 34 million years ago? END
START which of the the poles is colder? END
START how high is the continent of antarctica above sea level? END
START how does the arctic ocean warm the arctic? END
START what contributes to the antarctic cold? END
START what does temperature do with elevation? END
START what is one reason the actric colder than antarctica? END
START how far above sea level is the arctic? END
START what increases with elevation in the tropasphere? END
START how does the arctic ocean warm antarctica? END
START how many reasons are given for the arctic being colder than antarctica? END
START what continent is 3,000 ft above sea level? END
START what does the distance orbital contribute to? END
START what continent is 9,800 m above sea level? END
START who was the first person born south of the 60th parallel? END
START where is the continental limit of antarctica? END
START when was palma born? END
START what was the palma family sent to antarctica to determine? END
START what continental limit is set below the 60th parallel? END
START who was born in 20009 END
START where was juan pablo camacho born in 1978? END
START what was marcos emilio palma the first to do? END
START what mainland was marcos emilio palma the first to be born on? END
START who was born in 1987? END
START who was born in 1948 at the frei monalva station? END
START how many children were born in antarctica as of 2011? END
START how many species of fungi have been found on antarctica? END
START how many of the extant fungi in antarctica are lichen-forming? END
START what type of fungi help shape rock formations in antarctica? END
START what has the study of fungi in antarctica shown about these organisms? END
START how is it postulated that mars life might have evolved? END
START how many species of fungi are there at the south pole? END
START where are there 400 non-lichen forming fungi? END
START where are there 750 lichen-forming fungi? END
START what type of fungi help break down rock in antarctica? END
START where were 750 lichen-forming fungi found? END
START where were 400 non-lichen-forming fungi found? END
START what has significantly contributed to shaping the dry mcmurdo valleys? END
START what type of environment is the dr mcmurdo valleys? END
START what did the british claim in 2012? END
START to what was the claim of land in tribute? END
START what was the response of the argentine response to the british land claim? END
START of what war was 2012 the anniversary? END
START when did the british claim queen elizabeth land in antarctica? END
START what happened on 12 december 2018? END
START what happened on 12 december 2012? END
START what islands were fought over in the 30th falklands war? END
START the entry of whom has caused some worry about the welfare of antarctica? END
START what do environmentalists want enacted? END
START what kind of tourist limit has been asked for by environmentalists? END
START what have the authorities produced in response to these requests? END
START when did an air new zealand crash on mount erebus? END
START what flight crashed in 1997? END
START how many people died in the 1997 flight 901 crash? END
START who resumed commercial overflights to antarctica to australia in 1990? END
START where did sightseeing flights that did land operate out of? END
START what group of scientists study tectonics? END
START which science is concerned with the study of the dynamics of ice? END
START who is interested in the effects of harsh environment on humans? END
START what kind of observations use  the high elevations and thin atmosphere for viewing space? END
START where is the largest neutrino telescope on earth? END
START what do astrophysicists at the scott-aumundsen south pole station study? END
START what was built 2 mi below the amundsen-scott station? END
START why are astronomical observations better made from most surface locations? END
START what does the 2 mile ice serve as for the telescope? END
START where in eritrea did italian scientists find one of the oldest hominids? END
START how old was the hominid that was found in eritrea? END
START what place in eritrea is believed to have played a major part in human evolution? END
START what possible link is represented by the hominid found in eritrea? END
START what is the importance pertaining to the age of the hominid that was found in eritrea? END
START what did german scientists find in eritrea? END
START how old was the newest archaic homo sapiens skeleton found in eretria? END
START where in eritrea is it believed that no traces of evolution to anatomically modern humans will ever be found? END
START how far back can anatomically modern human bones be found? END
START how far back do scientists think archaic homo sapiens transitioned to anatomically modern humans? END
START who was james bruce? END
START in 1770, who reported that medri bahri was a distinct political entity from abyssinia? END
START how is the bahre-nagassi translated? END
START what determined whether the bahre-nagassi fought with or against the abyssinians? END
START which century marked the arrival of the ottomans? END
START where did the ottomans come from? END
START when was james bruce born? END
START who was the ruler of bahre-nagassi? END
START in what year did abyssinia collapse? END
START in what year did ahmad ibn ibrahim al-ghazi of adal die? END
START what is the result of the incorporation of independent kingdoms and sultanates? END
START when did eritrea join a federation with ethiopia, the federation of ethipia and eritrea? END
START what was the result of the war of independence? END
START what persisted and led to the eritrean-ethiopian war of 1998-2000? END
START what subsequently led to the eritran war of independence? END
START in what year was the sultanate of aussa founded? END
START in what year did the eritrean war of independence start? END
START who won the eritrean-ethiopian war of 1998-2000? END
START in what year did eritrea first skirmish with djibouti? END
START in what year did italian eritrea get founded? END
START what is the gash group? END
START what did excavations around agordat yield the remains of? END
START where is agordat located? END
START when did the c-group inhabit the nile valley? END
START what type of evidence indicated that the c-group spoke afroasiatic languages of the berber branches? END
START what city is located in northern eritrea? END
START when can the berber be dated back to? END
START where did the berber live in ancient times? END
START what city lies in southern eritrea? END
START what country is peter behrens from? END
START what purpose did stelae serve? END
START who erected a number of large stelae in pre-christian times? END
START which stelae is considered the largest in the world, standing at 90 feet? END
START who eventually adopted christianity under ezana? END
START where is the ark of the covenant believed to be resting? END
START in what year was the obelisk of aksum carved? END
START in what year did the aksum become christians? END
START in what year was mecca founded? END
START how far above sea level is mecca? END
START what did muslims build in the 7th century for religious purposes? END
START what is the abbreviation for the united nations' advisory committee on administrative and budgetary questions? END
START what does the acronym interpol stand for? END
START which league is eritrea an observing member of? END
START what is the acronym for the non-aligned movement? END
START what is the acronym for the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons? END
START what is the acronym for the international bank for reconstruction and development? END
START what is the acronym for the permanent court of arbitration? END
START what is the acronym for the world customs organization? END
START who ruled aksum and also governed the port of adulis? END
START how did the aksumite rulers facilitate trade? END
START which kingdoms did aksum regularly enter the politics of? END
START who did aksum conquer in order to extend its rule over the arabian peninsula? END
START where was ivory exported according to the periplus of the erythraean sea? END
START whose face was on the aksumite currency? END
START what country politics did the aksumite rulers refuse to get involved with? END
START who was the ruler of the himyarite kingdom at the time? END
START in what country was the periplus of the erythraean sea written? END
START what product did the kingdom of kush export? END
START when was the eritrean railway completed in saati? END
START when did the eritrean railway reach the asmara highlands? END
START what was the longest line in the world during its time? END
START who dismantled the asmara-massawa cableway? END
START in what areas of public service were eritreans particularly employed? END
START in what year was the asmara-massawa cableway completed? END
START in what year did the italo-turkish war start? END
START in what year did the first italo-abyssinian war start? END
START what nationality started the italo-turkish war? END
START where did the eritrean railway originate? END
START who prompted eritrea to be federated with ethiopia in 1950? END
START which un resolution called for eritrea and ethiopia to be linked via a loose federal structure under sovereignty of the emperor? END
START what would federal government control in eritrea according to resolution 390a(v)?? END
START which eritrean wishes did resolution 390a(v) ignore? END
START what did resolution 390a(v) guarantee the population of eritrea? END
START what country was being led by an emperor in 1950? END
START what eritrean wishes did un resolution 390a(v) fulfill? END
START what un resolution was adopted in november 1950? END
START what rights did un resolution 390a(v) give to ethiopians? END
START what did the eritrea administration open to produce products such as buttons and construction materials? END
START how many factories were in eritrea by 1939? END
START who were the main employees in the factories of eritrea? END
START besides eritreans, which other nationality increased its city population because of new industries? END
START how much did the number of italians residing in eritrea increase in 5 years due to factories being built? END
START how many italians lived in eretria in 1939? END
START how many plantations were owned by eritreans? END
START what did the first factory in italian eritrea produce? END
START how many eritreans worked in the factories in 1939? END
START what was the main export of italian eritrea in 1939? END
START what big cat is said to inhabit the mountains of the gash-barka region? END
START which animal herds were thought to have fallen victim to the war of independence? END
START in december 2001, how many elephants were seen in the vicinity of the gash river? END
START what species did the elephants at the gash river seem to form a symbiotic relationship with? END
START where are african leopards predominantly found? END
START in what year did the war of independence end? END
START where are bushbucks mostly found? END
START what is the topography of the denkalia region? END
START how many african wild ass are thought to be left? END
START how many ecoregions make up eritrea? END
START what is the highest point in eritrea? END
START where is emba soira located? END
START how high is emba soira? END
START what is the probably location in eritrea where three tectonic plates are pulling away from each other? END
START how high is filfil solomona above sea level? END
START what is the low point of eritrea? END
START what is located in the danakil depression? END
START what is the climate of the afar triangle? END
START how many elephants are believed to be left in eritrea? END
START what type of snakes are common in gash barka? END
START where in eritrea can puff adder and red spitting cobra be found? END
START where in eritrea are marine species such as dolphin, turtles and manta ray found? END
START which dog, previously found in eritrea, is now considered extirpated from the entire country? END
START where are the most southerly of east africa's elephants to be found? END
START how many african wild dog are there left? END
START what nonpoisonous snake can be found in eritrea? END
START what land species can be found in the coastal areas? END
START what rare marine species can be found in the coastal areas of eritrea? END
START according to human rights watch, how do the human rights in eritrea compare to the rest of the world? END
START according to a 500-page un human rights council report, what was widespread behavior by state officials in eritrea? END
START what type of state government exists in eritrea? END
START according to many western countries, why have eritrean authorities detained an unknown number of people? END
START in what year was the united nations human rights council report written? END
START when was the last time national legislative elections were held? END
START what country has one of the better human rights records in the world? END
START how long was the human rights watch report about eritrea? END
START when was the human rights watch report about eritrea released? END
START what accusations has the eritrean government owned up to? END
START why have eritrean government officials participated in numerous meetings with ngo representatives? END
START what did the eritrean government ban in 2007? END
START what new movement is aimed at opening dialogue between the government and opposition? END
START who, along with ordinary citizens, makes up the citizens for democratic rights in eritrea? END
START what are the main concerns eritreans speak about in terms of female circumcision? END
START in what year did attempts at reform in eritrea begin? END
START in what year was citizens for democratic rights formed in eretria? END
START what new cultural practice are people trying to do away with in eretria? END
START what ancient cultural practice occurs in urban areas? END
START in the 2014 press freedom index, what organization ranked the media environment in eritrea as the worse of 178 countries? END
START how did reporters without borders rank the media environment of eritrea compared to totalitarian north korea? END
START what type of media has been banned from eritrea since 2001? END
START according to the bbc, which african country is the only one that has no privately owned news media? END
START according to reporters without borders, where doesn't a single foreign news correspondent live? END
START in what year was reporters without borders founded? END
START what country was ranked at the top of the media environment list put together by reporters without borders? END
START what did the guardian claim about eritrea in 2015? END
START how many native news correspondents are there in asmara? END
START under which program did eritrea develp and repair its transportation infrastructure during the war? END
START how long was the coastal highway between massawa and asseb? END
START what type of locomotives are sometimes used on the eritrean railway to cater to groups of enthusiasts? END
START what is the capital of eritrea? END
START which railway was rehabilitated under the warsay yika'alo program? END
START how long is the eritrean railway? END
START how many km of war-damaged roads has eritrea fixed? END
START how are most locomotives powered in eritrea? END
START what is the distance between asseb and asmara? END
START what is the distance between asmara and massawa? END
START what is the official language of eritrea? END
START what does the constitution establish of all eritrean languages? END
START what was the most widely spoken language in eritrea in 2006? END
START what languages serve as de facto working languages in eritrea? END
START what language is used in eritrean university education and many technical fields? END
START what is the second most spoken language in eritrea? END
START how many people speak english in eritrea? END
START how many speakers of tigrinya are there in the world? END
START how many people speak italian in eritrea? END
START what language is used for business in eritrea? END
START which part of eritrea's health care goals have they been most successful in? END
START what was the eritrean life expectancy at birth in 1960? END
START what was the eritrean life expectancy st birth in 2008? END
START which practice was banned by the eritrean government with claimes it is painful and has life-threatening health problems for women? END
START how much did the national malaria protection unit reduce malarial mortality by from 1998 - 2006? END
START in what year was female genital mutilation banned in eretria? END
START how many kids had been vaccinated against measles in 2008? END
START what was the life expectancy in 2006 in eretria? END
START in what year was the millenium development goal targets put in place? END
START when was the world health organisation established? END
START where does the italian influences on eritrean cuisine come from? END
START what food item did italians bring to eritrea during colonial times? END
START what is eritrea's popular alcoholic beverage mies made out of? END
START how does 'pasta al sugo e berbere' translate in english? END
START what is the main food, influenced by italy, eaten in eritrea's capital today? END
START what is one of the main foods eaten in ethiopia? END
START what is a common dish in ethiopia? END
START what do people tend to drink in ethiopia? END
START what is a popular alcoholic drink in ethiopia? END
START what was ethiopia's cuisine influenced by? END
START what geographical location in eritrea has largely shaped the culture of eritrea? END
START what is one of the most recognizable parts of eritran culture that can be offered when visiting friends as well as being a daily staple of life? END
START how many rounds is coffee served in during a coffee ceremony? END
START what do eritrean's offer a person who declines coffee? END
START what is the first round of the coffee ceremony called? END
START what is the first round of coffee called in italian? END
START what is the second round of coffee called in italian? END
START what is the third round of coffee called in italian? END
START what is someone served if they don't drink coffee or tea? END
START what is one of the least drank beverages in eretria? END
START what country borders eritrea in the west? END
START what country borders eritrea in the south? END
START what country borders eritrea in the southeast? END
START what extensive coastline makes up a portion of eritrea's east border? END
START what is the total area of the nation of eritrea? END
START what is the total area of ethiopia? END
START what is the total area of djibouti? END
START what is the name of one of the hanish islands? END
START in what year was eritrea founded? END
START what is the total area of the red sea? END
START what is the best know musical genre amongst the tigrinya? END
START what is the eritrean traditional instrument, the wata? END
START who is the most popular eritrean singing artist? END
START what is helen meles noted for? END
START who, in eritrea, have their own styles of music and  accompanying dance? END
START what is the stringed krar a distant cousin of? END
START who is the most popular italian artist in eritrea? END
START what instrument did abraham afewerki play? END
START what instrument does yemane baria play? END
START what musical instrument does ruth abraha play? END
START what was the eritrean region known as during the middle ages? END
START when was eritrea annexed by ethiopia? END
START when did the eritrean liberation front form? END
START when did eritrea gain independence? END
START what was the roman name for the red sea? END
START in what year did the eritrean liberation front cease operations? END
START when was ethiopia founded? END
START in what year was italian eritrea founded? END
START what was ethiopia known as during the middle ages? END
START in 2010, what was conducted on mummified remains of baboons? END
START what type of analysis did the scientists use to examine hairs from the 2 baboon mummies formerly preserved in the british museum? END
START who was determined to be the closest match for the baboon mummies? END
START where did the 2 baboons' mummified remains originate? END
START where did researchers suggest that punt was located? END
START how many mummified baboons did punt gift to the ancient egyptians? END
START in what year were the mummified baboons transferred from egypt to the british museum? END
START how many mummified baboons does the egyptian museum now have on display? END
START scientists compared the dna of the baboon with distorted isotopic data to what? END
START how many hairs on each baboon mummy did scientists study? END
START what  domain were the eritrean highlands under after the decline of aksum? END
START what was the area in the eritrean highlands named under emperor zaro yaqob? END
START what was the capitol of medri bahri? END
START what were the main provinces of medri bahri? END
START what is the english translation of medri bahri? END
START who ruled aksum during its decline? END
START what was the area known as by the aksum? END
START in what province was the capital debarwa located? END
START what was the capital of the aksum? END
START who was the ruler of ethiopia at this time? END
START whose rise to power in 1922 brought profounc change to the government in italian eritrea? END
START when was italian eritrea significantly enlarged? END
START when was the birth of the italian empire declared? END
START what was eritrea chosen to be by the italian government during the italian empire? END
START what does africa orientale italiana mean? END
START in what year was italian somaliland established? END
START what was chosen to be the governmental center of italian east africa? END
START in what year was benito mussolini nicknamed il duce? END
START who was ethiopia's ruler before it was conquered? END
START who dissolved the eritrean parliament in 1962? END
START what does the acroynm elf stand for? END
START who waged an armed struggle for independence in 1962 after eritrea was annexed? END
START how long did the eritrean war for independence last? END
START what is the acronym for eritrean people's liberation front? END
START in what year did haile selassie step down as emperor? END
START in what year did the elf collapse? END
START what was the name of one of the ethiopian rebel forces? END
START what was the capital of eritrea? END
START in what city was elf headquartered? END
START what did disagreements following the eritrean war result in? END
START what did the stalemate lead the president of eritrea to urge the un to do? END
START who accused eritrea of planting bombs at an african union summit? END
START what supported the accusation that eritrea planted bombs at the african union summit? END
START what did eritrea do when it was accused of planting bombs at the african union summit? END
START in what year did the war technically end? END
START in what year was the eleven letters sent to united nations security council? END
START what is the capital of eritrea? END
START in what city is the un based? END
START where was the african union summit held in 2010? END
START in 2004, how many physicians did eritrea have per 1000 people? END
START how prevalent is hiv among the 15-49 age group in eritrea? END
START what is the fertility rate in eriterea? END
START as of 2002, how many births were attended by skilled health personnel in eriterea? END
START what is a major cause of death in neonates in eriterea? END
START what percentage of people in eritrea get malaria each year? END
START what percentage of people with severe infections die in eretria? END
START what percentage of people over age 49 have hiv? END
START how many physicians are there per 1000 people as of 2016? END
START what percentage of births are attended by health professionals as of 2016? END
START how do most people dress in the larger cities of eritrea? END
START how do both men and women often dress in offices in eritrea? END
START what are zurias, the traditional clothes still worn by christian highlander women in eritrea? END
START how do women in the muslim communities of the eritrean lowland dress? END
START who are the only women who follow the tradition of covering half of their faces, though not their hair? END
START what do muslims in the highlands wear? END
START what do christians in the eritrean lowland wear? END
START what women in eritrea cover their hair? END
START what men in eritrea cover their hair? END
START what do rashaida women generally wear? END
START what are the most popular sports in eritrea? END
START what world record is held by eritrean athlete zersenay tadese? END
START what is the name of the multi-stage international cycling event held throughout eritrea? END
START who became the first black african riders to compete in the tour de france? END
START who became the first eritrean to ride the vuelta a espana in 2012? END
START who won the last tour of eritrea? END
START who is one of the members of the eritrea national cycling team? END
START what football team does didier drogba play for? END
START what was merhawi kudus wearing at the end of the 2015 tour de france? END
START who won the 2012 vuelta a espana? END
START who occupied the red sea coast during the last interglacial period? END
START how old were the obsidian tools that were discovered by the eritrean research project team? END
START where did the research project team find the obsidian tools? END
START what were the tools believed to have been used for by early humans? END
START what team was composed of eritrean, canadian, american, dutch and french scientists? END
START how long ago was the last interglacial period? END
START how long ago is it believed that early humans left africa? END
START what land resources are the early humans thought to have eaten? END
START in what year was the eritrean research project team formed? END
START what did the research team find in massawa? END
START when was the aussa sultanate established? END
START where was the aussa sultanate established? END
START who was the leader of afar in 1734? END
START what did kedafu establish in 1734? END
START what marked the start of a new and sophisticated polity that would last into the colonial period? END
START in what year was muhammed jasa born? END
START in what year was the afar leader kedafu born? END
START in what year did imam umar din bin adam ascend to the throne? END
START in what year did aussa collapse? END
START what area was the mudaito dynasty based in? END
START when did emperor yohannes ii die? END
START what did gen. oreste baratieri proclaim in the highlands along the eritrean coast? END
START what was the new colony of italia eritrea a colony of? END
START when was the treaty of wuchale signed? END
START what years was the treaty of wuchale formally binding? END
START in what year was emperor yohannes ii born? END
START in what year did king menelik of shewa first gain access to european arms and ammunition? END
START in what modern-day country is wuchale? END
START who was one of king menelik of shewa's rival kings? END
START who signed the treaty of wuchale for italy? END
START what did emperor haile selassie seek to annex in the 1950's? END
START who laid claim to eritrea and italian somaliland in a letter to franklin d. roosevelt? END
START why did the british and americans want to cede most of eritrea to the ethiopians? END
START who consistently requested that a referendum be held immediately to settle the question of eritrean sovereignty? END
START who did ethiopians support in world war ii? END
START in what decade did haile selassie become emperor of ethiopia? END
START what nation was part of the independence bloc of eritrean parties? END
START who was franklin d. roosevelt the leader of? END
START in what city was the first session of the united nations held? END
START who was leading italian somaliland during this time after world war ii? END
START how is the eritrean highway system named? END
START what are the three levels of road classification in eritrea? END
START what are t roads, the lowest level that typically serves local interests? END
START what are s roads, the mid-level that connects district capitals to regional capitals? END
START what are p roads, those that carry traffic between all major towns in eritrea? END
START what percentage of eritrea is estimated to adhere to christianity? END
START what percentage of eritrea is estimated to adhere to islam? END
START what do unrecognized faiths and denominations in eritrea have to undergo? END
START what does the government's registration system require religious groups to submit about their membership? END
START when did the eritrean government begin to officially recognize certain churches? END
START how many people followed animism according to the pew research center? END
START according to recent estimates, how many people follow just animism in eretria? END
START what percentage of people are in the eritrean catholic church according to recent estimates? END
START as of may 2002 what percentage of eritrean people were in the evangelical lutheran church? END
START what percentage of people attend the eritrean orthodox tewahedo church in recent years? END
START what ages are officially compulsary for education in eritrea? END
START what percentage of school-aged children are estimated to attend primary school? END
START what percentage of school-aged children are estimated to attend secondary school? END
START what is the student-teacher ratio in elementary schools? END
START what is the student-teacher ratio in secondary schools? END
START what percentage of children between seven and 13 can read and write? END
START what percentage of primary schools are open less than six hours per day? END
START what percentage of elementary schools are open less than six hours per day? END
START what percentage of elementary schools are open more than six hours per day? END
START what percentage of primary schools are open more than six hours per day? END
START what meat does a traditional eritrean stew consist of? END
START which neighbor does eritrean cuisine strongly resemble? END
START why does eritrean cooking tend to feature more seafood than ethiopian cuisine? END
START how does the texture of eritrean dishes compare to ethiopian meals? END
START what ingredients fo eritreans tend to use less of than ethiopians? END
START what kind of food is injera? END
START what protein is most popular in ethiopia? END
START what protein is in tsebhi dorho in eretria? END
START what do most ethiopians put in their spicy stew? END
START what do most ethiopians put in their tsebhi dorho? END
START what kind of uranium is sometimes used to shield radioactive materials in containers? END
START what is a strong source of radiation that is blocked by depleted uranium? END
START how is depleted uranium used in missile re-entry vehicles? END
START what trait causes depleted uranium to be used in gyroscopic compasses? END
START what type of alpha emitter is uranium? END
START what kind of uranium is always used to shield radioactive materials in containers? END
START what is a weak source of radiation that is blocked by depleted uranium? END
START how is depleted uranium not used in missile re-entry vehicles? END
START what trait causes depleted uranium not to be used in gyroscopic compasses? END
START what type of beta emitter is uranium? END
START what is another term for uranium ore? END
START who isolated radium in uranium ore? END
START in what types of paints was radium first used? END
START what devices were painted with radium paint? END
START along with red, blue, black, yellow and green, what was a notable color of uranium tile glaze? END
START what isn't another term for uranium ore? END
START who isolated radium in uranium core? END
START in what types of paints was radium last used? END
START what devices weren't painted with radium paint? END
START along with red, blue, black, yellow and green, what wasn't a notable color of uranium tile glaze? END
START what was the world's first artificial nuclear reactor? END
START in what state is the x-10 graphite reactor located? END
START along with the x-10 pile, what was the x-10 graphite reactor previously known as? END
START in what state is argonne national laboratory's experimental breeder reactor i located? END
START on what date did breeder reactor i first make electricity? END
START what was the world's last artificial nuclear reactor? END
START in what state is the x-01 graphite reactor located? END
START along with the x-10 pile, what was the x-10 graphite reactor never known as? END
START in what state is argonne national laboratory's experimental breeder reactor ii located? END
START on what date did breeder reactor ii first make electricity? END
START where does uranium rank among elements in terms of its abundance in the earth's crust? END
START where is uranium naturally formed? END
START along with potassium-40 and uranium, the decay of what element is a primary heat source driving plate tectonics? END
START in what state is the earth's outer core? END
START where does uranium rank among elements in terms of its abundance in the earth's atmosphere? END
START where is uranium unnaturally formed? END
START along with potassium-40 and uranium, the decay of what element is a primary cooling source driving plate tectonics? END
START in what state is the earth's inner core? END
START in what state is the earth's middle core? END
START what isotope of uranium was the first to be found fissile? END
START how many nuclei does uranium-235 usually divide into when bombarded with slow neutrons? END
START when a nuclear chain reaction in uranium-235 doesn't result in a burst of heat, what does it result in? END
START what is used to slow a chain reaction in a nuclear reactor? END
START what does a neutron poison absorb? END
START what isotope of uranium was the last to be found fissile? END
START how many nuclei does uranium-245 usually divide into when bombarded with slow neutrons? END
START when a nuclear chain reaction in uranium-245 doesn't result in a burst of heat, what does it result in? END
START what is used to speed a chain reaction in a nuclear reactor? END
START what does a neutron poison give off? END
START what type of complexes does uranium(vi) form in nature? END
START the presence of what substance at alkaline ph makes it difficult to precipitate uranium as phosphate? END
START what is bsar-1 a strain of? END
START what type of complexes does uranium(v) form in nature? END
START what type of complexes does uranium(vi) not form in nature? END
START the presence of what substance at alkaline ph makes it easy to precipitate uranium as phosphate? END
START what is bsar-2 a strain of? END
START what is bsar-1 not a strain of? END
START how much economically viable uranium is there in ore reserves, in millions of tonnes? END
START how many millions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources? END
START what was the price of uranium per pound as of may 2003? END
START in 2005, how much money was spent on uranium exploration? END
START how much money was spent to explore for uranium in 2006? END
START how much economically viable uranium is there in ore reserves, in billions of tonnes? END
START how many billions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources? END
START what was the price of uranium per kilo as of may 2003? END
START in 2015, how much money was spent on uranium exploration? END
START how much money was spent to explore for uranium in 2016? END
START when was it observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons results in beta ray emission? END
START who led the team that discovered that bombarding uranium with neutrons created beta ray emissions? END
START what was the name given by corbino to the incorrectly designated atomic number 94? END
START what was the job title of orso mario corbino? END
START who was the aunt of otto robert frisch? END
START when was it observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons results in gamma ray emission? END
START who led the team that discovered that bombarding uranium with neutrons created gamma ray emissions? END
START what was the name given by corbino to the incorrectly designated atomic number 194? END
START what wasn't the job title of orso mario corbino? END
START who was the uncle of otto robert frisch? END
START in what medium does the pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(vi)? END
START what notable carbonates are often water soluble? END
START what does a uranium(vi) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates? END
START in what medium does the pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(vii)? END
START in what medium does the pourbaix diagram change when carbonite anions interact with uranium(vi)? END
START what notable carbonates are unoften water soluble? END
START what does a uranium(vi) cation form when it binds to two terminal dioxides and three or more carbonates? END
START what does a uranium(vii) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates? END
START along with arsenic, what metal is roughly as abundant as uranium? END
START along with silver, mercury, tin and cadmium, what metal is uranium more plentiful than? END
START what is the most prevalent uranium ore? END
START what mineral sometimes contains uranium? END
START what types of rocks sometimes contain uranium? END
START along with arsenic, what metal is less abundant as uranium? END
START along with silver, mercury, tin and cadmium, what metal is uranium less plentiful than? END
START what is the least prevalent uranium ore? END
START what mineral always contains uranium? END
START what types of rocks never contain uranium? END
START what is the least prevalent major isotope of natural uranium? END
START what is the natural abundance of uranium-235? END
START what isotope of uranium is formed when 238u experiences spontaneous fission? END
START when uranium isotope is formed from the decay of neptunium-237? END
START what isotope is it theorized will form uranium-2343 after double beta decay? END
START what is the least prevalent major isotope of unnatural uranium? END
START what is the unnatural abundance of uranium-235? END
START what isotope of uranium is formed when 239u experiences spontaneous fission? END
START when uranium isotope is formed from the decay of neptunium-247? END
START what isotope is it theorized will form uranium-2343 after double alpha decay? END
START about how many tonnes of uranium is theorized to be present in the sea? END
START the presence of what substance in sea water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium? END
START what did ornl call their material that performs surface retention on solid molecules? END
START where were ornl's results verified? END
START when was hicap announced? END
START about how many tonnes of uranium is theorized to be absent in the sea? END
START the presence of what substance in fresh water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium? END
START what did ornl call their material that performs surface retention on liquid molecules? END
START where were ornl's results unverified? END
START when wasn't hicap announced? END
START what is the sole fissile isotope that occurs in nature? END
START what can be turned into plutonium-239 in a nuclear reactor? END
START what uranium isotope is produced from thorium? END
START along with uranium-235, what isotope is noted for having a high fission cross-section for slow neutrons? END
START what is 238u? END
START what is the sole fissile isotope that occurs out of nature? END
START what can't be turned into plutonium-239 in a nuclear reactor? END
START what uranium isotope is produced into thorium? END
START along with uranium-235, what isotope is noted for having a low fission cross-section for slow neutrons? END
START what is 239u? END
START what is osha? END
START what is the osha uranium exposure limit for an 8-hour workday? END
START what does rel stand for? END
START what is the niosh uranium exposure standard over an 8-hour workday? END
START at what level of exposure does uranium become imminently dangerous to health? END
START what is ohsa? END
START what is the osha uranium exposure limit for an 9-hour workday? END
START what doesn't rel stand for? END
START what is the niosh plutonium exposure standard over an 8-hour workday? END
START at what level of exposure doesn't uranium become imminently dangerous to health? END
START along with uo2, what is the commonest form of uranium oxide? END
START what is the stablest uranium compound? END
START in what form is uranium most often used as fuel for nuclear reactors? END
START along with uo2, what is the least commonest form of uranium oxide? END
START what is the least stable uranium compound? END
START in what form is uranium least often used as fuel for nuclear reactors? END
START what was the earliest year in recorded history that uranium oxide was used? END
START what color of ceramic glaze was extracted from uranium oxide? END
START in what county was glass with uranium oxide content found? END
START in what year was yellow uranium oxide glass discovered? END
START what institution did r.t. gunther belong to? END
START what was the latest year in recorded history that uranium oxide was used? END
START what color of ceramic glaze was subtracted from uranium oxide? END
START in what county was glass with uranium dioxide content found? END
START in what year was yellow uranium oxide glass undiscovered? END
START what institution did t.t. gunther belong to? END
START what was the first self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created by human beings called? END
START on what date was the first self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created artificially? END
START what project was fermi working for? END
START on the campus of what educational institution was chicago pile-1 created? END
START how many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in chicago pile-1? END
START what was the last self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created by human beings called? END
START on what date was the last self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created artificially? END
START what project wasn't fermi working for? END
START on the campus of what educational institution was chicago pile-11 created? END
START how many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in chicago pile-21? END
START along with lemon yellow, what color is produced in uranium glass? END
START who discovered uranium in pitchblende? END
START who was responsible for first isolating uranium? END
START who discovered that uranium was radioactive? END
START what was the first nuclear weapon used in a war called? END
START along with lemon yellow, what color is produced in uranium plastic? END
START who never discovered uranium in pitchblende? END
START who was responsible for last isolating uranium? END
START who discovered that uranium wasn't radioactive? END
START what was the last nuclear weapon used in a war called? END
START what percentage of uranium in nature is uranium-235? END
START what is the most prevalent natural isotope of uranium? END
START what is the term for the amount of uranium-235 needed to sustain a nuclear chain reaction? END
START what percentage of natural uranium is isotope 238? END
START along with gas cooled reactors, what type of reactor doesn't use uranium-235? END
START what percentage of uranium in nature is uranium-335? END
START what is the most prevalent unnatural isotope of uranium? END
START what is the term for the amount of uranium-335 needed to sustain a nuclear chain reaction? END
START what percentage of unnatural uranium is isotope 238? END
START along with gas heated reactors, what type of reactor doesn't use uranium-235? END
START what is uranium used for most often in the military? END
START what percentage of high-density penetrators is not made up of depleted uranium? END
START along with titanium, what element often makes up the portion of high-density penetrators not made of depleted uranium? END
START along with the balkans, in what geographical location did a war take place where the uk used depleted uranium munitions? END
START what illness is possibly tied to the use of depleted uranium munitions? END
START what is uranium used for least often in the military? END
START what percentage of low-density penetrators is not made up of depleted uranium? END
START along with titanium, what element rarely makes up the portion of high-density penetrators not made of depleted uranium? END
START along with the balkans, in what geographical location did a war take place where the un used depleted uranium munitions? END
START what illness is definitely tied to the use of depleted uranium munitions? END
START who discovered uranium? END
START in what city was uranium discovered? END
START in what year did the discovery of uranium occur? END
START what did klaproth probably create when he dissolved pitchblende in nitric acid? END
START who discovered the planet uranus? END
START who discovered plutonium? END
START n what city wasn't uranium discovered? END
START in what year didn't the discovery of uranium occur? END
START what did klaproth definitely create when he dissolved pitchblende in nitric acid? END
START who never discovered the planet uranus? END
START what percentage range of uranium oxide is usually contained in low-grade uranium ore? END
START along with underground, open pit and in-situ leaching, what sort of mining is used to mine uranium? END
START in what country are high-grade uranium ores notably found? END
START in what province of canada is the athabasca basin? END
START what is the average percentage of uranium oxide contained in the ores mined in the athabasca basin? END
START what percentage range of uranium dioxide is usually contained in low-grade uranium ore? END
START along with underground, open pit and in-situ leaching, what sort of mining is used to expel uranium? END
START in what country are high-grade uranium ores not found? END
START in what state of canada is the athabasca basin? END
START what is the average percentage of uranium dioxide contained in the ores mined in the athabasca basin? END
START what was the uranium-based bomb made by the us in world war ii called? END
START what was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb created in the second world war? END
START on what date was little boy detonated? END
START what was the equivalent yield in tnt of the little boy bomb, in tonnes? END
START over what city was little boy detonated? END
START what was the uranium-based bomb made by the us in world war i called? END
START what was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb destroyed in the second world war? END
START on what date wasn't little boy detonated? END
START what was the equivalent yield in tnt of the little boy bomb, in pounds? END
START over what city wasn't little boy detonated? END
START as of 2005, what country was the largest producer of uranium oxides? END
START what percentage of world uranium oxide production is produced by argentina? END
START what country produced 5.5% of the world's concentrated uranium oxide in 2005? END
START how many tonnes of uranium was australia expected to produce in 2009? END
START how many countries produced concentrated uranium oxides in 2005? END
START as of 2015, what country was the largest producer of uranium oxides? END
START what percentage of world uranium oxide production isn't produced by argentina? END
START what country produced 5.5% of the world's concentrated uranium oxide in 2015? END
START how many pounds of uranium was australia expected to produce in 2009? END
START how many countries produced concentrated uranium oxides in 2015? END
START who was the soviet union's opponent in the cold war? END
START how many nuclear warheads can be made with 540 metric tons of highly enriched weapons grade uranium? END
START what was the expenditure of the material protection, control, and accounting program between 1993 and 2005? END
START what is another term for uranium that is enriched? END
START approximately how many times did police capture shipments of bomb-grade plutonium or uranium between 1993 and 2005? END
START who was the soviet union's ally in the cold war? END
START how many nuclear warheads can be made with 450 metric tons of highly enriched weapons grade uranium? END
START what was the expenditure of the material protection, control, and accounting program between 1995 and 2005? END
START what is another term for uranium that is not enriched? END
START approximately how many times did police capture shipments of bomb-grade plutonium or uranium between 1993 and 2003? END
START what is the color of u4+? END
START what state is represented by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound is formed by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START what common complex is formed by the uo2+ 2 ion with organic chelating agents? END
START what is the color of u4-? END
START what state isn't represented by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound isn't formed by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START what uncommon complex is formed by the uo2+ 2 ion with organic chelating agents? END
START what microorganism can notably absorb a very high concentrate of uranium? END
START what lichen is known to absorb a uranium concentration nearly 300 times higher than the amount in the environment? END
START what is given to citrobacter to cause it to absorb uranyl ions? END
START what protobacterium notably bioremediates ground water uranium? END
START what fungus is known to cause uranium content in its symbiotic plant roots to increase? END
START what macroorganism can notably absorb a very high concentrate of uranium? END
START what lichen is known to absorb a uranium concentration nearly 400 times higher than the amount in the environment? END
START what is taken from citrobacter to cause it to absorb uranyl ions? END
START what protobacterium never bioremediates ground water uranium? END
START what fungus is known to cause uranium content in its symbiotic plant roots to decrease? END
START at what temperature range in degrees fahrenheit will uranium metal form uranium hydride? END
START what does uranium metal react with to create uranium hydride? END
START above what temperature is the  form of uranium hydride created? END
START along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often created with uranium hydride? END
START how many crystal modifications of uranium hydride are extant? END
START at what temperature range in degrees fahrenheit won't uranium metal form uranium hydride? END
START what doesn't uranium metal react with to create uranium hydride? END
START above what temperature is the  form of uranium hydride destroyed? END
START along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often destroyed with uranium hydride? END
START how many crystal modifications of plutonium hydride are extant? END
START along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a notable carbide of uranium? END
START below what temperature is u2c3 stable? END
START along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a unnotable carbide of uranium? END
START below what temperature is u2c3 unstable? END
START between what percent fraction range of uranium-235 is uranium regarded as enriched? END
START what is the maximum uranium-235 isotope concentration for uranium to be considered depleted? END
START in what year did the cost of uranium notably begin to increase? END
START what was the price of a kilogram of depleted uranium hexafluoride in 2001? END
START how much did a kilogram of depleted uranium hexafluoride cost as of july 2007? END
START between what percent fraction range of uranium-235 is uranium regarded as unenriched? END
START what is the maximum uranium-235 isotope concentration for plutonium to be considered depleted? END
START in what year did the cost of uranium notably begin to decrease? END
START what was the price of a pound of depleted uranium hexafluoride in 2001? END
START how much did a pound of depleted uranium hexafluoride cost as of july 2007? END
START along with the heart, brain and liver, what system is notably affected by exposure to uranium? END
START what is the main form of 238u decay? END
START what type of uranium compounds are uranium trioxide and uranyl nitrate? END
START at what temperature will grains of uranium metal spontaneously ignite in air? END
START along with the heart, brain and liver, what system is notably unaffected by exposure to uranium? END
START what is the main form of 239u decay? END
START what type of uranium compounds are uranium dioxide and uranyl nitrate? END
START at what temperature will grains of plutonium metal spontaneously ignite in air? END
START what is the name of the most widely used enrichment process? END
START what compound is uf6? END
START what enrichment process was used by the manhattan project? END
START in the gaseous diffusion process, what is diffused through a silver-zinc membrane? END
START how does the weight of uranium-238 compare to that of uranium-235? END
START what is the name of the least widely used enrichment process? END
START what compound is uf5? END
START what enrichment process wasn't used by the manhattan project? END
START in the gaseous diffusion process, what is diffused through a gold-zinc membrane? END
START how does the height of uranium-238 compare to that of uranium-235? END
START what is uranium's symbol on the periodic table of elements? END
START what is the atomic number of uranium? END
START what color is uranium? END
START of what series in the periodic table of elements is uranium a part? END
START how many valence electrons are contained in an atom of uranium? END
START what isn't uranium's symbol on the periodic table of elements? END
START what isn't the atomic number of uranium? END
START what shape is uranium? END
START of what series in the periodic table of elements is uranium not a part? END
START how many valence electrons aren't contained in an atom of uranium? END
START what non-metal elements does uranium notably not react to? END
START along with nitric acids, what acids dissolve uranium? END
START what coats uranium metal in air? END
START what is a notable form uranium ore is converted into after extraction? END
START what reacts with finely divided uranium? END
START what non-metal elements does uranium notably react to? END
START along with nitric acids, what acids dissolve in uranium? END
START what coats uranium metal in liquid? END
START what is a notable form uranium ore is converted into before extraction? END
START what reacts with finely multiplied uranium? END
START during what war was uranium-235 first used to create nuclear weapons? END
START from what isotope of uranium is plutonium-239 derived? END
START what is mixed with tritium and experiences nuclear fusion in a fission/fusion bomb? END
START what is another name for a fission/fusion bomb? END
START what does non-fissile mean? END
START during what war was uranium-235 last used to create nuclear weapons? END
START from what isotope of uranium is plutonium-249 derived? END
START what isn't mixed with tritium and experiences nuclear fusion in a fission/fusion bomb? END
START what is another name for a fission/fusion boat? END
START what does fissile mean? END
START what product of uranium was used as toner? END
START along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission electron microscopy? END
START what light bulbs use lamp filaments containing uranium? END
START along with leather, what industry uses uranium in dyes and stains? END
START in addition to wool, what is uranium salt a mordant of? END
START what product of uranium wasn't used as toner? END
START along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission proton microscopy? END
START what light bulbs don't use lamp filaments containing uranium? END
START along with leather, what industry uses no uranium in dyes and stains? END
START in addition to wool, what isn't uranium salt a mordant of? END
START of what nationality was perrin? END
START in what county was the oklo mine located? END
START how old are the ore deposits in the oklo mine? END
START when the oklo mine ore deposits came into being, what percentage of uranium on earth consisted of uranium-235? END
START where in the united states is there a nuclear waste repository? END
START of what nationality wasn't perrin? END
START in what country was the oklo mine not located END
START how old are the ore deposits in the oslo mine? END
START when the oklo mine ore deposits came into being, what percentage of uranium on earth consisted of uranium-253? END
START where in the united states is there no nuclear waste repository? END
START how many times more abundant than silver is uranium in the earth's crust? END
START how many kilograms of uranium may be contained in the oceans? END
START why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so high? END
START what is the concentration of uranium in sea water? END
START how many times less abundant than silver is uranium in the earth's crust? END
START how many pounds of uranium may be contained in the oceans? END
START why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so low? END
START what is the concentration of uranium in fresh water? END
START what is the concentration of plutonium in sea water? END
START what isotope of uranium has the most stability? END
START about how old is the earth? END
START what is the half-life of uranium-234? END
START what fraction of the earth's uranium was uranium-235 during the earth's youth? END
START what percentage of the alpha rays of natural uranium are emitted by 234u? END
START what isotope of uranium has the least stability? END
START about how gold is the earth? END
START what is the full-life of uranium-234? END
START what fraction of the earth's uranium was uranium-237 during the earth's youth? END
START what percentage of the gamma rays of natural uranium are emitted by 234u? END
START what happens to a majority of ingested uranium? END
START up to what percentage of uranyl ion can be absorbed when ingested? END
START about what percentage of uranium oxide is absorbed when ingested? END
START what does uranium have an affinity for? END
START where does uranium accumulate in the body? END
START what happens to a minority of ingested uranium? END
START up to what percentage of uranyl ion can be absorbed when digested? END
START about what percentage of uranium dioxide is absorbed when ingested? END
START what does uranium not have an affinity for? END
START where doesn't uranium accumulate in the body? END
START what contains a distribution of uranium deoxidation species in various forms ranging from most oxidized to least oxidized? END
START what contains a distribution of uranium oxidation species in no forms ranging from most oxidized to least oxidized? END
START what will generally be less oxidized than those with short retention times or particles recovered in the stack scrubber? END
START what will generally be less oxidized than those with long retention times or particles replaced in the stack scrubber? END
START what will never be less oxidized than those with long retention times or particles recovered in the stack scrubber? END
START how were the appointments to the order of the british empire made? END
START what evolved as the commonwealth nominations continued? END
START what remained the head of state of the british empire? END
START why did the oversea nominations discontinue? END
START what countries established new orders? END
START who could wear a emblem of two crossed silver oak leaves? END
START what was the emblem? END
START what year was it replaced? END
START what kind of medal was replaced in 1974? END
START they continued to wear what the insignia of what? END
START who are appointed to citizens of nations? END
START where was queen elizabeth ll not head of state? END
START what is honorary appointees are incorrectly referred to? END
START who are examples of sir of dame? END
START what is an example of irish broadcaster? END
START who are the six officials of the order? END
START who serves as the order's prelate? END
START who was the dean of st. paul? END
START who is not a member of the college of arms? END
START what is the usher of the order? END
START who was discontinued in the commonwealth realms? END
START who established a national system of honours and awards? END
START how were the different levels of award and honour reflected the imperial system? END
START what were the highest class? END
START who were mbe's? END
START in what year was the beatles made mbe's? END
START who compared military membership in the order? END
START who said "lots of people who complained about us receiving the mbe received thris for heroism in the war. END
START when did john lennon return his mbe insignia? END
START who was the most excellent order of the british empire? END
START who rewarded contributions to the arts and sciences? END
START when was the order of chivalry of british constitutional monarchy established? END
START who established the chivalry of british constiutional monarchy? END
START who is the recipient? END
START what was instituted to serve as a lower award granting recipients affiliation? END
START in what year was the medal of the order of the british empire established? END
START what was the medal renamed as? END
START when was it stopped being rewarded? END
START how many bem's were awarded for the queen's diamond jubilee? END
START from what year could the sovereign appoint a person as commander, officer or member of the order of the british empire? END
START of what acts did the members of the order of the british empire appoint? END
START what grade was determined? END
START when was the awards designated the order of the british empire for gallantry? END
START who would prefix sir, and dames grand cross? END
START who would prefix dame, to their forenames? END
START who would prefix lady to their surnames? END
START such forms are not used by whom? END
START who wouldn't use the title sir of dame? END
START who has set honours awarded by the president of india? END
START who holds a republican position some consider to monarch of britain? END
START what is referred to as the padma awards? END
START what does the padma awards consist of? END
START what does not carry any decoration or insignia that can be worn on the person? END
START how many knights are in the order? END
START how many knights and dames commander? END
START how many commanders are in the order? END
START how many officers and members maybe be appointed per year? END
START who has the highest numbers of the british orders of chivalry? END
START what are the members of classes of the order assigned to? END
START who of the male members feature on the order? END
START who are not assigned any special precedence? END
START who can individuals derive precedence from? END
START who can individuals can not derive precedence from? END
START for what do circadian rhythms let an organism prepare? END
START what can an organism that uses circadian rhythms use to its advantage that others can not? END
START by better using resources, how does that improve an organism's chances of surviving? END
START by improving what processes does the use of circadian rhythms serve to benefit the individual? END
START what insect has been studied concerning the inheritability of rhythms? END
START what allows organisms to anticipate and prepare for unexpected environmental changes? END
START what kind of resources can organisms without circadian rhythms capitalize on? END
START what do circadian rhythms put at a selective disadvantage in evolutionary terms? END
START what is rhythmicity more important for regulating then it is for coordinating with the environment? END
START what type of animals have been shown to have circadian rhythms only at certain times? END
START what daily feature do animals that show limited circadian rhythms need? END
START in a study, when did reindeer at 70 degrees north only show circadian rhythms? END
START at what degree north did reindeer show rhythms only in autumn and summer? END
START what aninmals  do researchers think might also show a variance in circadian rhythms in different seasons? END
START when do subarctic animals have circadian rythms? END
START when do reindeer below 70 degrees show circadian rythems? END
START what reinder at 78 degrees do not show circadian rythems? END
START what animals show circadian rythems during the costant light of summer? END
START what produces a self-sustaining rhythm? END
START when do the cca1  and lhy function? END
START which loop that consists of gi and elf4 functions? END
START what was the previous belief of feedback in the gene loop? END
START what researcher showed that the gene  feedback loop serves as a repressor? END
START what is driven by  single feedback loop? END
START when do cca1 elf4 function? END
START when do gi and lhy function? END
START what does increased mrna signals contribute to? END
START what did andrew millar show in 2000? END
START what is the drosophila gene the cause of? END
START what is the drosophila gene also known as? END
START what is familial advanced sleep phase syndrome? END
START what kind of clock have genetic functions? END
START what does the body interpret from the gene feedback loop? END
START what jean is responsible for the circadian rhythm? END
START what kind of clock does not have genetic functions? END
START how do cells of the body interpret fluctuations in light? END
START what does a defect in the period genome cause? END
START whose work habits and environment prevents them from maintaining a regular sleep pattern? END
START what can the lack of regular sleep patterns cause? END
START what organizations cites this disruption of sleep patterns as a cause of accidents? END
START what has the ntsb conducted to find the cause of pilot fatigue? END
START of what does the ntsb want to find a means of doing? END
START who follows a very natural human circadian rhythem? END
START what does a natural circadian rhythem lead to? END
START who conducted studies on sewardes fatigue? END
START what is the earliest recorded instance of circadian rhythm? END
START what ship captain described daily leaf movements? END
START what tree leaves did androsthenes describe? END
START what type of chinese texts mention circadian process in humans? END
START when did the chinese use diurnal rhythms to remember acu-points? END
START what was first recorded in 400 bc? END
START what did alexander the great described? END
START what philosophers first described the diurnal process in humans? END
START what was first described in medical texts during the 1300s? END
START what did androsthenes use the noon and midnight manual for? END
START what is the plant expression of circadian rhythm? END
START what do plants need to attract to their flowering? END
START  with what feature of environment do plants need to be in sync? END
START what does adaptive advantage allow for plants? END
START where can an understanding of circadian rhythms of plants be an advantage? END
START what plant behavior is not controlled by circadian rythems?? END
START what are constant but not self sustaining? END
START what needs to be in sync with ambient temperatures? END
START what has the simplest known circadian clock? END
START with how many proteins can the circadian clock of synechococcus elongatus are needed to reproduce its effect? END
START what type of feedback mechanism was previously thought to be needed to sustain the clock? END
START how long a rhythm were researchers able to sustain in the in vitro experiment? END
START what were the only proteins necessary to the circadian timekeeper experiment? END
START what organism has the most complex circadian clock? END
START where can the circadian clock of theprokaryotic cyanobacteria be reconstituted? END
START what was the minimum amount of time the clock could be sustained in vitro? END
START what three proteins needed to be removed to sustain the in vitro clock? END
START to what is the circadian rhythm tied? END
START what conditions will produce a free-running rhythm in humans? END
START what are the environmental factors that can change the rhythm? END
START what do blind mole rats have in place of vision? END
START what cycle is seperate from the circadian rythem? END
START what does total light cause in humans? END
START what is the term for the environmental cues that dertermine daily rythems? END
START what kind of mammals need external stimuli to maintain their endogenous clock? END
START what chemical is absent or low during daylight? END
START when is the melatonin onset? END
START at its onset, what can be measured in blood or saliva? END
START the presence of what is a circadian marker? END
START what are the more reliable markers in determining sleep timing? END
START when is meletonin found in the system? END
START what starts to decrease at 9 p.m. END
START what is more stable than the melatonin offset? END
START what is melatonin phase not a reliable marker for? END
START what physical factor must be continuously monitored during temperature studies>  END
START at what time does the average adult human reach his lowest temperature? END
START how long before wake time is the lowest temperature reached? END
START when does the temperature of morning type young adults reach its lowest? END
START what is the time of lowest temperature for evening type young adults? END
START what physical factor must be periodicly monitored in temperature studies? END
START what do evening types reach at 4:00 a.m? END
START what occurs close to waking for morning types? END
START who reaches their minimum temperature in the middle of their waking hours? END
START who noticed that sleepiness increases and decreases in a 24 hour period? END
START who showed the animals could maintain activity in the absence of light and temperature changes? END
START what animals rhythmic feeding times were studied in the early 20th century ? END
START what gene did konopka and benzer map in the early 1970 s? END
START what mutation did takahashi discover in 1994? END
START who observed that sleepiness remained steady over twenty-four hour period? END
START what did patrick and gilbert show in 1918? END
START what was noticed in the rhythmic feeding time of birds in the early twentieth century? END
START what did ingeborg beling and oskar wahl isolate in the early 1970s? END
START inside of what can the molecular circadian clock operate? END
START by functioning within a single, what is the system? END
START what section of the brain periodically releases hormones? END
START how are sleep and wake cycles as well as body functions coordinated? END
START what do body hormone receptors do with the body's organs? END
START what requires multiple cells to function? END
START what results in a synchronized output electrical signals? END
START what section of the brain rarely releases hormones? END
START where in the body are receptors for electrical signals located? END
START what is timed independently of the biological clock? END
START what signals plants to synchronize their internal clocks? END
START what do plants use to sense light? END
START what receptors absorb red and blue light in plants? END
START which phytochrome found in seedlings deteriorates with light and growth? END
START what is the main phytochrome found in seedling grown in light? END
START what absorbes white light for plants? END
START what does cry 1 degrade to? END
START what is cry 1 is the main phytochtome for? END
START what photochromes are less stable than phya? END
START what time cycle did studies in 1938 and 1990s use on humans? END
START what conditions were suppressed in the 28 hour wake-sleep cycle studies ? END
START how long did the suppression of time clues study last? END
START what is this forced type of study called? END
START when in the cycle do wake-sleep cycles break off from the circadian period? END
START what did kleitman do in the 1990's? END
START whar dir czeisler do in 1938? END
START when can normal people adjust to a 28 hr sleep cycle? END
START what happens at 24.5 hours? END
START what effect does jet-lag and shift-work have on the human body? END
START animals that eat during resting periods show what body increase? END
START how does irregular eating during shift-work effect insulin? END
START besides insulin sensitivity, what other effect does shift-work have on the body? END
START what type of work can lead to heart, hypertension and inflammation? END
START what does shift work have little effect on? END
START what causes animals to have decreased body mass? END
START what decreases insulin sensativity? END
START what kind of work leads to lower body mass? END
START what do studies show has a bidirectional relationship with the circadian system? END
START what do abusive drugs effect in the circadian system? END
START what do drug abusers show in their circadian processes? END
START what can the disrupted circadian system cause? END
START what can disruption to genetics and environment in the sleep cycle cause? END
START what studies show a minor relationship between the circadian system and drug abuse? END
START what is displayed by individuals when not abusing drugs? END
START what do steady rhythms increase? END
START what may be increased by a person's normal sleep and wake cycle? END
START what is theorized to have evolved with circadian rhythms? END
START what is thought that circadian rhythm evolved to protect? END
START from what did  dna need to be protected in the earliest cells?  END
START one possible reason for the development of the circadian system is the need to counteract what ? END
START what environmental event occurred 2.3 million years ago? END
START what type of proteins developed as a result of circadian rhythms? END
START what developed to protect replicating dna from ultraviolet radiation and night? END
START what type of replication is only done during the day? END
START what simple organism provides evidence the dna replicates at night? END
START what event occurred approximately 2.3 million years ago? END
START what is the body clock gene in animals necessary to ensure? END
START what do mice without the clock gene become? END
START beside obesity, how else does the lack of a circadian clock effect   the mice? END
START how certain is it that these circadian clock  effects are the same in humans? END
START what gene needs to be deleted to cause obesity in mice? END
START what does thhe addition of the clock gene in mice demonstrate? END
START what happens to mice with the clock gene? END
START what facilitates nondiiet induced obesity in mice? END
START what effects are proven to be identical in mice and humans? END
START deletion of what gene in himans causes diabetes? END
START where is the primary circadian gene located in humans? END
START where are these cell groups found in humans? END
START what would the loss of the scn cells cause in the sleep-wake rhythm? END
START what provides information to the scn? END
START what special cells in the eyes communicate directly to the scn cells? END
START where is the secondary circadian clocl located? END
START what surrounds the hypothalamus? END
START what do the scn cells cause in the sleep-wake rythem? END
START what do the scn recieve through the skin? END
START what does the pupil contain that are directly photosensative? END
START what did early research show people preferred as a day length? END
START what was the fault not considered in the early theories of day length? END
START what did electric lighting in the evening do to the test subjects circadian phase? END
START when did more stringent testing determine that humans preferred a 24 hour day?  END
START to what is the 24 hours, 11 minutes day outcome of research closest ? END
START who prefers a 25 hour day when exposed to stimuli like daylight? END
START what did the research shield the participants from? END
START who was aware of the phase-delaying effect of indoor ekectric lights? END
START when did testing determine peple preferred a 25 hour day? END
START who estimated the human rythem was in perfect sinc with the solar day? END
START where else beside the scn cells are independent circadian rhythms also found? END
START what is the term for the independent clocks? END
START what is the scn considered to be in comparison to the peripheral oscillators? END
START in what body gland are the peripheral oscillators located? END
START to what do oscillators in the skin respond? END
START where are dependent circadian rythems found? END
START what is the term for dependent clocks? END
START what in the skin responds to temperature? END
START what structures are strong oscillators? END
START who is the world's oldest reigning monarch? END
START than which queen has elizabeth ruled longer? END
START how is victoria related to elizabeth? END
START in what year did elizabeth pass victoria's length of rule? END
START in the history of what is elizabeth the longest reigning queen? END
START what was the last year that elizabeth did a state visit in the republic of ireland? END
START when was the last year elizabeth traveled to the vatican to visit the pope? END
START who had the shortest reign on the british throne? END
START when was the last year the pope traveled to england to meet elizabeth? END
START who became queen of england at the youngest age? END
START who did england propose to affiliate with wales to quell welsh nationalism? END
START why did britain not want elizabeth to associate with conscientious objectors? END
START what did elizabeth join in 1946? END
START who was the always the prince of wales? END
START who wanted to name elizabeth princess of wales? END
START in what year was the welsh league of youth established? END
START in what year did herbert morrison become home secretary? END
START in what year was the welsh gorsedd of bards established? END
START who rejected the idea of elizabeth being appointed as the constable of caernarfon castle? END
START who rejected the idea of elizabeth being appointed as patron of urdd gobaith cymru? END
START when were elizabeth and philip married? END
START at what famous cathedral was elizabeth married? END
START how many wedding gifts did elizabeth and philip receive? END
START who designed elizabeth's wedding gown? END
START what former king was not invited to the wedding? END
START how many gifts did elizabeth and philip receive from british citizens? END
START how many people attended elizabeth and philip's wedding? END
START how many sisters did philip have in all? END
START in what year did king edward viii abdicate the throne? END
START how many ration coupons did elizabeth need to buy for her gown? END
START who did princess margaret want to marry? END
START what did queen elizabeth ask margaret to do instead of marring townsend? END
START what act would the church of england not permit? END
START who did princess margaret marry in 1960? END
START what title was armstrong-jones given? END
START what is the name of one of peter townsend's sons? END
START in what year did princess margaret break up with peter townsend? END
START how much older was antony armstrong-jones than princess margaret? END
START what was the earl of snowdon named? END
START what was martin charteris' marital status in 1960? END
START aside from her choice of eden's successor, what crisis caused elizabeth to be criticized? END
START what did lord altrincham accuse elizabeth of being? END
START when did macmillan resign? END
START who did elizabeth appoint as prime minister after the resignation of macmillan? END
START when was a formal mechanism for electing the minister adopted? END
START in what year did lord altrincham begin to own a newspaper? END
START who was one of the prominent people who criticized elizabeth for appointing the earl of home as prime minister? END
START in what year did lord altrincham die? END
START how many ministers did elizabeth consult before naming eden as the prime minister? END
START in what year did the earl of home receive his title? END
START during the australian constitutional crisis, what prime minister was dismissed? END
START who dismissed whilam from the post of australian prime minister? END
START what did whitlam have in the house of representatives? END
START who appealed to elizabeth to reverse the dismissal of whitlam? END
START what did elizabeth decline to do in response to the appeal by scholes? END
START in what year did gough whitlam become prime minister of australia? END
START in what year did sir john kerr become governor-general of australia? END
START in what year did gordon scholes become speaker of the house of representatives in australia? END
START who wanted queen elizabeth to approve of sir john kerr's decision to dismiss gough whitlam? END
START when did elizabeth support constitutional amendments in canada? END
START what politician criticized the proposed changes? END
START in 1987 what elected government was removed in a coup? END
START what did coup leader sitiveni rabuka declare fiji to be? END
START in 1991 what money issue of the queen was a feature of public criticism? END
START what government was pierre trudeau prime minister of in 1987? END
START in what year did ratu sir penaia ganilau become governor-general of fiji? END
START in what year did it's a royal knockout air? END
START who was one of the younger royals who appeared on it's a royal knockout? END
START who in the press made estimates about the queen's private wealth? END
START what did elizabeth celebrate in 2002? END
START when did elizabeth's mother die in 2002? END
START what relative of elizabeth died in february of 2002? END
START how many people in london attended each day of the the three day event?  END
START what group was surprised by the public's approval of the queen? END
START in what year was the king's house in jamaica built? END
START what was elizabeth's mother's name? END
START where did elizabeth realms tour end in 2002? END
START in what month did elizabeth's tour of her realms end in 2002? END
START how many people saw elizabeth when she was in jamaica? END
START when did elizabeth open the summer olympics in montreal? END
START when did queen elizabeth open the summer olympics in london? END
START for what event did elizabeth appear in a film as part of the opening ceremonies? END
START what actor also appeared with elizabeth in the film? END
START for what activity related to the film industry did elizabeth receive a bafta award? END
START who directed the short film elizabeth appeared in for the 2012 summer olympics? END
START on what date did the summer olympics start in 2012? END
START who was the seventh actor to portray james bond? END
START in what year did the bafta awards start? END
START what has been a subject of speculation concerning elizabeth's wealth? END
START what was elizabeth's wealth extimated to be in 1971? END
START what did the palace call estimates of elizabeth wealth in 1993? END
START what did the sunday times estimate elizabeth's fortune to be in 2015? END
START where does elizabeth's wealth place her in the list of the richest in the uk? END
START in what year did jock colville become elizabeth's private secretary? END
START how much was elizabeth worth in 1993 according to buckingham palace? END
START who is the wealthiest person in the uk as of 2015? END
START in what year did jock colville leave elizabeth's service? END
START in what year did jock colville become the director of the coutts bank? END
START when was elizabeth's coronation? END
START when was elizabeth's diamond jubilee? END
START how old was elizabeth's father at the time of his death? END
START how did prince philip's uncle, lord mounbatten, die? END
START in what year did elizabeth's  son's ex-wife die? END
START in what year was lord mountbatten assassinated? END
START how old was elizabeth when her mother died? END
START how did elizabeth's father die? END
START in what year did diana, princess of wales, marry elizabeth's son? END
START how old was lord mountbatten when he was assassinated? END
START when was the coronation of elizabeth as queen? END
START how was much of the ceremony of elizabeth's coronation presented to the public? END
START what commonwealth symbols were embroidered on elizabeth's gown? END
START what is the emblem of england? END
START what people have a thistle for their commonwealth emblem? END
START when was the first ceremony at westminster abbey to be broadcast on the radio? END
START what floral emblem was highest on elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START what floral emblem was lowest on elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START what floral emblem was most prominent on elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START what floral emblem was on the back of elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START when did elizabeth address the un general assembly? END
START what parliamentary session did elizabeth open in 1957 while on tour?  END
START on a tour to ghana in 1961 what did elizabeth dismiss as a fear? END
START in 1964 what was reported that quebec extremists planned ? END
START in 1961 what was the first country elizabeth made a state visit to? END
START in 1961 what was the last country elizabeth made a state visit to? END
START in what year did president kwame nkrumah of ghana replace elizabeth as the head of state? END
START in what canadian city is the canadian parliament? END
START in what year did harold macmillan die? END
START what jubilee did elizabeth celebrate in 1977? END
START when did princess margaret separate from her husband? END
START in what year did nicolae ceausescu visit the uk? END
START who, in 1979, was discovered to be a communist spy? END
START what group assassinated lord mountbatten? END
START in what year did princess margaret divorce her husband? END
START in what year did nicolae ceausescu become the communist dictator of romania? END
START in what year did anthony blunt cease to be the surveyor of the queen's pictures? END
START in what year did nicolae ceausescu die? END
START in what year did anthony blunt die? END
START as what was elizabeth portrayed in the 1950s? END
START what was the time after wwii heralded as? END
START of what did lord altrincham say elizabeth's speeches resembled? END
START what investiture featuring prince charles was televised in the late 1960s? END
START in the 1960s, what did elizabeth begin wearing to events ? END
START in what year did lord altrincham receive his lordship? END
START what does prince charles tend to wear out in public? END
START who directed the television documentary royal family in the late 1960s? END
START who first called it a "new elizabethan age"? END
START what has prince charles been accused of by one of his critics? END
START what famous jewelry collection is held in trust by elizabeth? END
START what residences of elizabeth are held in trust and not owned by elizabeth? END
START what scottish estate is privately owned by elizabeth? END
START how much is the worth of the british crown estate? END
START how is the british crown estate held by elizabeth? END
START how much is buckingham palace said to be worth as of 2014? END
START where are the crown jewels on display? END
START where does elizabeth spend most of her time nowadays? END
START how much was elizabeth worth as of 2014? END
START as of 2014 how much is windsor castle worth? END
START who was elizabeth only sibling?p END
START when was princess margaret born? END
START where were the royal princesses educated? END
START who was marion crawford to the princesses? END
START what was the title of the book written by crawford about the princesses? END
START what was elizabeth and princess margaret's mothers name? END
START what did princess margaret love as a child? END
START what attitude of princess margaret did marion crawford wrote she had? END
START in what year did marion crawford die? END
START in what year was margaret rhodes born? END
START at what age was elizabeth when she went on her first solo public appearance? END
START where did elizabeth visit on her first solo public appearance? END
START in case of her father's absence, in what capacity could elizabeth act?  END
START when did elizabeth join the women's auxiliary territorial service? END
START in what capacity did elizabeth serve in the auxiliary? END
START in what year was the women's auxiliary territorial service started? END
START in what year was the grenadier guards started? END
START how old was elizabeth in july 1944? END
START how old was elizabeth in february 1945? END
START where did philip serve during wwii? END
START to whom did philip's sisters marry? END
START what did elizabeth's mother call philip? END
START what did elizabeth's mother later say that philip was? END
START what did crawford report that some of the king's advisers thought of philip? END
START what was marion crawford a member of? END
START what nationality was philip? END
START who was one of philip's sisters? END
START what was the king's name? END
START what was the state of george vi's health during 1951? END
START on what date did elizabeth's father, king george vi, die? END
START in what country was elizabeth when george vi died? END
START in what month in 1951 did george vi's health start to decline? END
START in what year did martin charteris become elizabeth's private secretary? END
START on what date did the royal part arrive back in the uk? END
START did elizabeth tour australia or new zealand first? END
START in what month in 1952 did elizabeth and philip set out for their tour of australia and new zealand? END
START when did the prime ministers of britain and france discuss the idea of france joining the commonwealth? END
START what did france sign instead of joining the commonwealth? END
START what did the treaty of rome establish? END
START to what was the european economic community the precurser? END
START when did britain and france invade egypt? END
START in what year did sir anthony eden become the british prime minister? END
START in what year did guy mollet become the french prime minister? END
START in what year was the suez canal dig completed? END
START what was the first country britain invaded during queen elizabeth's rule? END
START in what year did queen elizabeth get crowned? END
START when did the decolonization of africa and the caribbean accelerate? END
START how many countries got independence from britain during decolonization? END
START when did britain join the european community? END
START what did the rhodesian president declare in 1965? END
START in spite of sanctions by the international community, how long did the ian smith's regime last? END
START what was the first african country to gain independence from britain? END
START in what year did ian smith become the prime minister of rhodesia? END
START in what year was the european community established? END
START in what year did rhodesia cease to exist? END
START what was the last of 20 countries to gain independence from britain? END
START during what ceremony were shots fired at the queen? END
START who was the assailant who shot at queen elizabeth?  END
START which of elizabeth's sons served in the falklands war? END
START who was the intruder elizabeth awoke to find in her bedroom? END
START what island's invasion angered elizabeth? END
START in what year did ronald reagan order the invasion of grenada? END
START in what month in 1982 did ronald reagan visit windsor castle? END
START in what month in 1983 did elizabeth visit reagan's california ranch? END
START what was elizabeth's horses name in 1983? END
START how many years did michael fagan serve for breaking into buckingham palace? END
START what political feeling is still a minority view in britain? END
START what state of affairs produced revelations and problems for elizabeth? END
START in spite of criticisms what kind of approval ratings did elizabeth have? END
START what institution was being criticized during the time of charles and diana's breakup? END
START when did elizabeth write to tell charles and diana to get a divorce? END
START what was the majority viewpoint politically in the 1990s in britain? END
START in what year did charles and diana finally get divorced? END
START what type of approval ratings did prime minister john major have? END
START in what year did robert fellowes become elizabeth's private secretary? END
START in what year did george carey become the archbishop of canterbury? END
START when was the second address to the un by elizabeth? END
START who was un secretary general when elizabeth addressed the un? END
START as what did ban ki-moon introduce elizabeth to the un? END
START for whom was the garden elizabeth opened a memorial? END
START when was elizabeth's farewell visit to australia? END
START in what year did the queen first address the united nations? END
START in what year did ban ki-moon become the un secretary general? END
START in what year did elizabeth become queen? END
START how many british people died in the 9-11 attack? END
START how many times has the queen toured canada? END
START until she became queen, what flower was on elizabeth's coat of arms? END
START when did elizabeth acquire her father's arms? END
START besides personal flags,what other types of flags does elizabeth have? END
START what type of flags are used in foreign countries? END
START when did elizabeth start to bear a coat of royal arms? END
START how many points does elizabeth's arms bear on her argent after her accession? END
START what has been the centre point of elizabeth's arms since she ascended to the throne? END
START on what date was elizabeth ascended to the throne? END
START what are on each side of the three points argent of elizabeth's current arms since she ascended to the throne? END
START what shape is elizabeth's royal coat of arms since her accession? END
START in what city was elizabeth born? END
START at the time of her birth, what was the rank of elizabeth's parents? END
START what were elizabeth's parents' titles after ascending to the throne? END
START how many children did elizabeth's parents have? END
START what event caused elizabeth's father to become king? END
START in what year was edward viii crowned? END
START what is elizabeth's sisters name? END
START who is elizabeth's oldest child? END
START who is elizabeth's youngest child? END
START in what year was edward born? END
START when she was born, where in the order of succession was elizabeth? END
START before elizabeth's father who was next in line for the throne? END
START when did elizabeth's grandfather die? END
START what event caused edward to abdicate the throne? END
START what did edward's proposed marriage to simpson cause? END
START in what year did wallis simpson divorce? END
START what was elizabeth's father's name? END
START in what year was elizabeth born? END
START what name was it assumed elizabeth would take upon her marriage to philip? END
START what prime minister objected to the name change? END
START what name did elizabeth keep as her married name? END
START what name was adopted for elizabeth's male-line descendants who do not have royal titles?  END
START when did elizabeth decree the use of mountbatten-windsor as the  surname?  END
START in what year did winston churchill die? END
START how many male-line descendants do elizabeth and philip have with no royal title? END
START what was the duke's first name? END
START what was the name of elizabeth and philip's last child? END
START who did eden recommend that elizabeth consult about appointing a new  prime minister? END
START what position did lord salisbury have in the government? END
START who did elizabeth appoint as prime minister? END
START what position did lord kilmuir have ? END
START who in turn did salisbury and kilmuir consult? END
START in what year was harold macmillan born? END
START in what year was lord salisbury born? END
START in what year did lord salisbury become the lord president of the council? END
START what occupation was harold macmillan at the time? END
START in what year was lord kilmuir born? END
START when did edward heath ask elizabeth to call a general election? END
START where was elizabeth when heath advised that sh call for an election? END
START what did elizabeth do after heath adviser her? END
START what did heath do after his party could not form a coalition with the labor party? END
START who did elizabeth ask to form a government? END
START in what year did edward heath become the british prime minister? END
START in what month in 1974 did edward heath resign as prime minister? END
START in what month in 1974 did harold wilson become prime minister? END
START when did elizabeth begin her tour of the austronesian pacific rim? END
START who did  labour's prime minister harold wilson form a government with? END
START what did high public interest in the  private lives of the royal family cause in the press? END
START who was editor of the sun in the 1980s? END
START what did the editor of the observer call the sensational stories about the royals? END
START who, it was rumored,  did margaret thatcher say the queen would vote for? END
START who said the elizabeth was a behind the scenes force in ending apartheid? END
START in what year did kelvin mackenzie become editor of the sun? END
START in what year did donald trelford begin to edit the observer? END
START what party did margaret thatcher lead? END
START in what year did elizabeth give margaret thatcher the order of the garter? END
START besides margaret thatcher who is someone else has given the order of merit? END
START what incident killed diana in paris? END
START when did diana die? END
START how long did elizabeth and the royal family remain in seclusion at balmoral? END
START what failure did the public find dismaying? END
START what did elizabeth do to diffuse hostile public sentiment? END
START in what city is balmoral? END
START in what month in 1997 did diana die in a car crash? END
START where was charles in the days after diana died? END
START from what building did the queen do her television broadcast about diana's death? END
START how many years has elizabeth been queen? END
START what celebration marks 60 years for elizabeth as queen? END
START what year marks elizabeth's diamond jubilee? END
START where did elizabeth tour as a celebration of her jubilee? END
START when was the last time that a sovereign attended a peacetime cabinet meeting?  END
START in what year did george iii begin his reign on the throne? END
START in what year did george iii die? END
START for how long was george iii king? END
START how many cabinet meetings did george iii attend? END
START what was king george iii's accession day? END
START what governmental style of monarch is elizabeth? END
START how often does elizabeth give interviews? END
START what type of political religious beliefs does elizabeth seemed to support? END
START what is elizabeth's ranking in the church of england? END
START apart from her membership in the church of england, to what other church does she belong? END
START what has she talked about with pope john paul ii? END
START in what year did elizabeth meet with pope john paul ii? END
START when was the last time elizabeth gave an interview? END
START beyond christianity what leaders of other religions has elizabeth met with? END
START during whose reign was elizabeth born? END
START what was elizabeth's fathers title at the time of her birth? END
START what title and name did elizabeth's father take upon becoming king? END
START which bishop of york baptized elizabeth?  END
START what was elizabeth's nickname when she was young? END
START in what year did elizabeth's paternal grandmother mary die? END
START in what year did king george v die? END
START who was king george v's oldest son? END
START in what year was elizabeth, duchess of york, crowned as the queen of england? END
START who was elizabeth's paternal grandfather? END
START when did britain enter wwii? END
START who recommended that the two princesses be evacuated to canada? END
START who rejected the idea of sending the princesses away? END
START where did the two princesses live for most of the war? END
START when did elizabeth make her first radio broadcast? END
START in what year was the queen's wool fund established? END
START in what year did the bbc start children's hour? END
START how old was elizabeth's sister in 1940? END
START in what year did lord hailsham become a senior politician? END
START in what month of 1945 did the second world war end? END
START where did the newly married elizabeth and philip stay until 1949? END
START after 1949 where did elizabeth live in london? END
START in which armed force was the duke of edinburgh? END
START where was philip stationed during wwii? END
START in whose home did elizabeth and philip stay in malta? END
START in what year did elizabeth live in villa guardamangia? END
START in what year did lord mountbatten start to rent villa guardamangia? END
START in what year did the duke of edinburgh become a royal navy officer? END
START in what year was villa guardamangia built? END
START in what year did elizabeth marry the duke of edinburgh? END
START what entity did the british empire slowly become during elizabeth's reign? END
START in what year did elizabeth become queen? END
START what tour did elizabeth take in 1953? END
START how many nations did elizabeth visit on tour in 1953? END
START how many miles did elizabeth cover on her world tour? END
START in what year did the british empire become the commonwealth of nations? END
START in 1953 what was the first country visited by elizabeth and philip? END
START in 1953 what was the last country visited by elizabeth and philip? END
START how many miles has elizabeth traveled by land during her reign? END
START how many miles has elizabeth traveled by sea during her reign? END
START about whom was elizabeth worried in the 1970s? END
START what was the subject under consideration in discussions in 1980? END
START what did patriation of the canadian constitution remove from the constitution? END
START what was retained in the constitution? END
START what did trudeau say elizabeth favored? END
START in what year did pierre trudeau become the canadian prime minister? END
START who was one of the canadians politicians sent to london in 1980? END
START in what year did bill c-60 fail? END
START in what year did pierre trudeau cease to be canada's prime minister? END
START who was the prime minister of britain in 1980? END
START what did elizabeth's speech on 24 november, 1992 mark? END
START what did elizabeth call her past year? END
START when did price andrew separate from his wife? END
START who did princess anne divorce in april? END
START what great house caught fire in november? END
START in what year did prince andrew and sarah get divorced? END
START in what year did princess anne marry captain mark phillips? END
START in what year did prince charles and diana divorce? END
START how much in legal fees did the the sun have to pay to the queen? END
START how much did the windsor castle fire cost to repair? END
START who, in 2007, frustrated elizabeth? END
START what issue of blair's did elizabeth admire? END
START when did elizabeth attend a service at armagm, in ireland? END
START what service did elizabeth attend in armagm? END
START when did elizabeth make the first visit to ireland by a british monarch? END
START in what year did tony blair become the british prime minister? END
START in what year did mary mcaleese become the irish president? END
START who was ireland's first female president? END
START when was peace achieved in northern ireland? END
START who was ireland's president in 2007? END
START who did elizabeth surpass in longest lived british monarch? END
START what relation was victoria to elizabeth? END
START when did elizabeth become the longest reigning monarch? END
START in age of monarchs, what is the rank of elizabeth's reign? END
START what head of stat has served longer than elizabeth? END
START when was elizabeth's silver jubilee? END
START what increased in the 1980s? END
START what was the main subject of public criticism in the 80's? END
START what attribute of elizabeth fell to  low in the 1990s? END
START what did elizabeth start paying in the 1990 s? END
START what decade between now and the 1970s has been the high point for elizabeth's popularity? END
START when was elizabeth's golden jubilee? END
START in what year did diana become the princess of wales? END
START what happened after elizabeth started to pay income taxes? END
START what feature do elizabeth's titles usually follow in each country? END
START what are the channel islands and the isle of mann? END
START what si elizabeth's title in the channel islands? END
START what is elizabeth's title on the isle of mann? END
START once in conversation with the queen, how is elizabeth addressed? END
START what is one of elizabeth's realms and territories besides jamaica and australia? END
START besides the channel islands and isle of man which territory is a crown dependency? END
START when is elizabeth referred to as the defender of the faith? END
START when does a person call elizabeth the duke of lancaster? END
START what is the favored influence as to the cause of sexual orientation? END
START is there evidence that parenting and/or childhood play a role in determining sexual orientation? END
START what is the observed continuum for sexual orientation? END
START do scientists know the cause of sexual orientation? END
START what three factors do scientists believe are the cause of sexual orientation? END
START do scientists believe that parenting and/or childhood play a role in sexual orientation? END
START what are the two extremes of the continuum of sexual orientation? END
START has science research figured out the cause of sexual orientation preferences? END
START what type of theories are favored by scientists studying sexual orientation? END
START do scientist's know what can cause somebodys sexual orientation? END
START what can scientifically be considered the main factors in somebodys sexual orientation? END
START what cannot be considered a factor in sexual orientation due to the lack of evidence? END
START what has the research that has been done already show about sexual orientation show? END
START which ideas do scientist lean towards causing sexual orientation? END
START what is sexual identity defined as? END
START what is sexual behavior defined as? END
START what is sexual orientation defined as? END
START what does the term closeted mean? END
START what are the terms related to the degree to which a person's sexual attractions, behavior and identity match? END
START what are the differences in sexual identity and sexual behaviour?  END
START does a person have to show their sexual oreintation in their personal acts? END
START what is a term that can be used for someone who does not show their homosexuality openly?  END
START what word is used when somebodys sexual orientation, behaviors, and idenity do not match? END
START which word is used when somebodys sexual orientation, behaviors, and idenity match? END
START what is one reason that a homosexual would engage in heterosexual behavior? END
START what is a possible scenario that can occur when a closeted homosexual is in a heterosexual relationship? END
START what are some things that can cause a homosexual person to be with the opposite sex? END
START can a homosexual person still grow their sexual identiries while with the opposit sex?  END
START what kind of hardships can a homosexual face when admitting their ssexuality while in a heterosexual marriage? END
START can a homosexual person hide their true idenitys? END
START how does the mental health profession approach efforts to change sexual orientation? END
START what do these policy statements suggest?  END
START what are some of the organizations that have released policy statements? END
START are their any mental health proffesionals that have programs to change sexual orientation? END
START what policy statement has almost all proffesionals applied to their practices? END
START what are some professional associations that do not offer changing sexual orientation programs? END
START who was the sexologist that published a scheme in 1896? END
START what did the published scheme attempt to do? END
START how did the scheme measure desire? END
START what were the two scales defined as? END
START how many points were on each scale? END
START when did the questioning of human sexual responses begin? END
START who created the ten point scale on a persons sexuals desire? END
START what year did magnus hirschfeld create the ten point scale on a persons sexual desire.  END
START on magnus's ten point scale what would a homosexual person be considered? END
START on the ten point scale what would an asexual person be considered as? END
START what was a concern of the kinsey scale? END
START how are masculinity and femininity more appropriately measured? END
START what happens if the concepts are measured on the same scale? END
START what is the advantage of measuring these elements separately? END
START what is considered to be a problem with the kinsey scale? END
START what did the research performed in the 1970s show about masculinity and feminity? END
START what would be possible if homesexuality and heterosexuality where measured on different scales? END
START what is another benefit of measuring sexuality on two scaless verses just the kinsey scale? END
START how does research identify sexual population groups? END
START what is the understanding of the scales used? END
START why might the scales fail? END
START how many components are used in assessment? END
START what does the research on sexual orientation use to determine who belongs in which sexual populaiton group? END
START what is the general idea regading these scales that are used? END
START what can cause problems with these scales that are used? END
START how many components are used in an assessment? END
START what myth did bruce voeller perpetuate in the 70's? END
START what were the calculations of this myth? END
START what message did voeller deliver using this myth? END
START what comes along with defining how much of the population is homosexual? END
START what does knowing the sexual population influence? END
START who was the cahir of the national gay and lesbian task force in the 1970s? END
START what myth did bruce voeller preserve in the 1970s? END
START what did bruce voeller do with his findings? END
START do men and women's patterns of arousal differ? END
START are the patterns related to orientation? END
START what types of stimuli were found to arouse women? END
START what stimuli did men show no arousal towards? END
START men's arousal patterns were found to be with? END
START what did a study on men and womens sexual arousal show? END
START did women in the studys become aroused to heterosexual stimulation? END
START did men have any arousal from non human videos containing sex? END
START did mens arousal relate to the sexual interests? END
START what science terms are used to describe sexual attraction? END
START these terms are an alternative to what conceptualization? END
START what are these terms not attributing to the subject/person being described? END
START what are other terms that do not make similar assignments? END
START what are other terms used in the same vein as pansexual? END
START which terms are used in describing sexual desires? END
START what are two other words for androphilia and gynephlia? END
START what are the terms androphilia and gynephial use for? END
START what are other common words that people may use for homosexual and heterosexual people? END
START what tends to be a major obstacle when comparing cultures? END
START what can force individuals to identify with a label that may not reflect true orientation? END
START where are the meanings of words negotiated? END
START what can be brought into play to describe interpretations of sexual orientation? END
START what is a major hurdle when studying different cultures? END
START why does translation cause such issues among different cultures? END
START what problems can arise due to translation issues? END
START what can be used to signal sexual idenitys to others? END
START early writers linked orientation to what concept? END
START what theorists agreed with this concept? END
START what two things became to be seen as distinct from one another? END
START what negative stereotypes have emerged from this understanding? END
START what did a majority of gay men and women experience in their childhood? END
START what was thought of early lesbians and gay men? END
START what did gender idenity become to be seen as? END
START what can be considered to be bad stereotypes to gay communities? END
START who performed the studies that found most homosexual people having different degrees of gender issues? END
START in these studies when was the gender-noncomformity experienced? END
START who is finding themselves in a double minority in the us? END
START what is an example of a stereotype found in this double minority? END
START what do the non-caucasian lgbt experience? END
START what is an example of a culturally specific support network? END
START where can lgbt people who are not white find themselves in the united states? END
START what does it mean for the lgbt people who are in a double monority? END
START what do many people in the dominant lgbt community face? END
START why is racism so bad in the non white lgbt community? END
START what is the name of the vietnamese american support network for the lgbt community? END
START can a persons sexual interest change over different times in their life? END
START until 1995 what had no studies done concerning sexual orientation? END
START what can possibly predict the future orientation a persons sexual idenity? END
START what do some lesbian woman see as important part of the sexual orientation? END
START when did part of the world health organization release a statement about curing homosexuals? END
START why did the pan american health organization release this statement? END
START what condition do they state cannot be linked to homosexuality? END
START what did the pan american health organization reccomend for those who used treatment to stop homosexuality? END
START what did the pan american health organization say these treatments violated? END
START what does the kinsey scale provide a classification for? END
START how does the classifiacation scheme work on the kinsey scale? END
START what is the position on the kinsey scale based on? END
START what positions does the kinsey scale not use? END
START what does saso stand for? END
START why was saso created? END
START what did saso find wrong with the kinsey scale and klein sexual orientation grid? END
START what is one of saso's main goals? END
START what is saso causing discussion and debate about? END
START how are the three component used to determine sexual orientation? END
START when did savin williams talk about the issues with these components? END
START what issues to savin address during this talk? END
START why does basing sexual orientation on one component cause problems? END
START how should consumers of the research approach these findings? END
START what have scientists started spending the most time on? END
START how do scientiest measure brain activity? END
START how did both gay and straight men react to pictures of both naked men and women? END
START what was the only difference in the study between gay and straight men? END
START what does the amygdala region of the brain do? END
START what can affect how a person is treated? END
START what percent of hate crimes did the fbi relate to sexual orientation bias? END
START when was the uk emloyment eequality (sexual orientation) regulations law take effect? END
START under this law what does this state that is required by employers? END
START what do the majority of defintions surronding sexual orientation include? END
START what does a behaviorial component focus on when defining sexual orientation? END
START what do other people use to determine a persons sexual idenity? END
START when do scientists and professions agree that sexual orientation shows in a person? END
START what is the difference between sexual idenity and sexual orientation? END
START which two studies where created by alfred c. kinsey? END
START what where people asked to do in these research studies? END
START what did kinsey find during these studies ? END
START in kinseys mind what percentage of people are considered to be fully heterosexual or homosexual? END
START why do people say kinseys work is not correct? END
START what idea did sigmund freud bring to the table? END
START what does sigmunds idea theorize? END
START why did sigmund believe all humans are born bisexual? END
START what does sigmund believe we all as adults desire? END
START even though sigmund believed all people where born bisexual what did he not believe to be true? END
START whar words may people use for sexual idenity? END
START what does the american pyschological association say sexual orientation refers to? END
START what terms does behavorial science use instead of using gender binary conceptualization? END
START what is androphilia used to describe? END
START what is gynephilia used to describe? END
START what does the american physocological association say that sexual orientation refers to? END
START what do a lot of cultures use to describe homosexual people? END
START what are the most used labels in america to describe homosexuals? END
START what do psychologists says sexual orientation can also mean? END
START what does narth stand for? END
START what does narth consider itself to be? END
START what does narth disagree with? END
START what does narth state is wrong with the mainstream mental healths stand on conversion therapy? END
START what concerns did both the american psychological association and the royal college of psychiatrist have with narth? END
START what do the terms andophilia and gynephilia help prevent? END
START why does psychiatrist anil aggrawal say androphilia and gynephilia are needed terms? END
START what can attempting to label members of the lgbt community cause? END
START what does milton diamond say about the terms heterosexual, homosexual, and bisexual? END
START what advantages do the terms androphilia and gynephilia have? END
START what has the kinsey scaled been praised for? END
START what has the kinsey scale been critisized for? END
START how many categories are used in the kinsey scale? END
START in a study by masters and johnson what did the find difficult about kineys ratings? END
START what in somebodys past caused problems for the kinsey scale? END
START how many questions does the saso contain? END
START what do six of the questions asses? END
START what do the other six questions asses? END
START what questions corresponds to the homosexual ones? END
START how are the results simplified when using the saso? END
START has the cause for sexual orientation been found yet? END
START what has the research that has been conducted for the influence of genetics made many people think? END
START what was once thought to cause homosexuality? END
START what was found out about the theory of faulty psychological development being the cause for homosexuality? END
START what can the scales for sexual orientation be used for? END
START what will cause the amount of homosexuality to vary? END
START out of sexual attraction, sexual behovior, and sexual identity which will show more accurately the amount of homosexuals in a population? END
START which chromosome is responsible for produlcing male differentiation on defect female development? END
START what is the differentiation process driven by? END
START what results in sexual differences in males and females? END
START what have scientist began to test due to the fact that adrogen results in sexual differences? END
START who created on of the earliest sexual classification schemes? END
START when did karl heinrich ulrichs develop this classification scheme? END
START was his classification scheme meant for males or females? END
START what three categories are used in ulrichs scheme? END
START what did these three categories correspond with? END
START what did both weinrich and weinberg critisize the kinsey scale for? END
START what caused valuable information to be lost while using the kinsey scale? END
START why was collapsing the two values into one score a problem? END
START how could kinsey have avoided losing this crucial information? END
START besides behavior and reactions what else could have been used in the kinsey scale? END
START what questions did sell consider the most important on the kinsey scale? END
START why did sell consider the questions regarding sexual attraction the most important? END
START rather than define sexual orientation as sexual idenity or behavior what did sell define it as? END
START what is a huge concern for saso? END
START what reflects the prevalence rates varying? END
START what does it mean when someones sexualiity is fluid? END
START what did diamond find about the women? END
START what did women acknowledge who considered themselves as lesbian or bisexual? END
START what makes it difficult to determine if someone is homosexual or not? END
START why do researches in homosexual studies argued that it is a social and historical constuction? END
START which philosopher argued homosexuality did not exist as an idenity in the eighteenth century? END
START in what year did michel foucalt publish the history of sexuality? END
START what did he state was an invention of the modern state? END
START what was a crime in the eighteenth century that could cause severe punishment but was mostly ignored? END
START what do some researchers argue about the idea of sexual orientation? END
START what have studies found about women and their believed sexual orientations? END
START what did the studies reveal about men and their declared sexual preference? END
START what does research show about sexual orientation? END
START what can being openly gay be hindered by? END
START what social systems can greatly influence someone realization of their sexual preference? END
START what group of the lgbt community are the most researched? END
START what does the american culture put a large emphasis on? END
START what is a common way to determine a persons sexuality? END
START when deteerming sexual preference this way what is the passive role associated with? END
START when determining sexual preference this way what is the active role associated with? END
START how much is known about lesbians and bisexual women in these cultures? END
START what do researchers generally believe causes sexual orientation? END
START what biological factors do they believe plays a complicated part in sexual orientation? END
START what do they believe about sexual orientation? END
START what differences hace scientist found in certain studies? END
START what can these results be caused from? END
START what concept is sexual orientation argued as? END
START what is causing contreversy as to the concept of sexual orientation? END
START what is the notion of sexual orientation in west defined as? END
START what does bruce criticize the labels heterosexual and homsexual as? END
START what does bruce bagemilh write about the labels homosexual and heterosexual terms? END
START what does bagemihl say a major issue with this terminology is? END
START what can impact accurately assesing sexual identity? END
START what does the centre for addiction and mental heal along with the american psychiatric association state about sexual orientation? END
START what does the american psychological assocation distinguish between? END
START what does the fbo effect stand for? END
START what does this theory entail? END
START what does research show about the fbo effect? END
START what does mih stand for? END
START what does bbb stand for? END
START what other name does the kinsey scale go by? END
START when was the kinsey scale first published? END
START why was the kinsey scale developed? END
START what did kinsey state as his reasoning for the scale? END
START who else was featured in the sexual behavior of the human male? END
START what does ksog stand for? END
START who invented the ksog? END
START why did pritz klein come up with the ksog? END
START what kind of scale does the ksog use? END
START what three points in life does the ksog evaluate? END
START what are sexual attraction. behavior, and idenity components of? END
START what do individuals typically experience? END
START what is there little coherent relationships between? END
START who wrote the paper "whos gay? does it matter? END
START what does ritch savin-williams propose in this paper? END
START what did he propose to measure attraction? END
START what else does savin-williams suggest? END
START what components does he believe shoud be used in studies? END
START what do these studies suggest? END
START how is this reflected in the studies? END
START what are some dimensions of sexual orientation? END
START what do mens sexual orientations tend be focused on? END
START what do researches believe must be taken into account for women in these studies? END
START what can make a person believe they know someone elses sexual orientation? END
START what is a term for someone who tries to determine someones sexuality? END
START what have somes studies show when researching how someone uses "gaydar"? END
START what did research in 2015 suggest was an alternate label for gaydar? END
START what did this research also show about face-shape? END
START what is part of the reason for the varying estimates of the bisexual population? END
START what is one way a study can view bisexuality? END
START what is another way studies can view bisexuality? END
START what is the percentage of asexuals? END
START what do historians and researches argue about concerning the emotional and affectionate activities? END
START what can be assumed in english speaking nations when two men kiss? END
START what do some cultures have formal ceremonies for? END
START what number was dell on the fortune 500 list until 2014? END
START when did dell go private? END
START dell is currently the #1 shipper of what? END
START in which state is dell the sixth largest company? END
START what pc vendor rank did dell hold? END
START what number was dell on the fortune 600 list until 2014? END
START when did dell go public? END
START dell is currently the #2 shipper of what? END
START in which state is dell the sixth smallest company? END
START what pc vendor rank did ibm hold? END
START what market did dell ignore at first? END
START when did dell's internet site gain popularity? END
START what was happening to dell's average sale to individuals? END
START when did dell create their internal marketing group? END
START what market did dell appease at first? END
START what market did ibm ignore at first? END
START when did dell's internet site lose popularity? END
START what was happening to ibm's average sale to individuals? END
START when did dell end their internal marketing group? END
START what sales model did dell use for a long time? END
START who were the main driving force behind pc sales? END
START where were consumers going to buy devices other than online? END
START what market presence did dell lack? END
START what was one city that dell tested retail stores in? END
START what sales model did dell not use for a long time? END
START who were the minor driving force behind pc sales? END
START where were consumers going to buy devices other than offline? END
START what market presence did dell have? END
START what was one city that dell tested retail stores in? END
START what industry was getting smaller? END
START when did dell fall behind lenovo? END
START what other american company fell behind lenovo with dell? END
START what pc was taking corporate customers from dell? END
START what company was dell behind in profits in 2012? END
START what industry was getting bigger? END
START when did dell fall behind ibm? END
START what other canadian company fell behind lenovo with dell? END
START what pc was taking home customers from dell? END
START what company was dell behind in profits in 2014? END
START which of dell's processes handles pc assembly, testing, and quality control? END
START where did dell configure their notebooks? END
START when did dell describe their changing approach to manufacturing? END
START who reported that dell was offering to sell their manufacturing plants? END
START what manufacturers was dell losing to efficiency-wise? END
START which of dell's processes handles cp assembly, testing, and quality control? END
START where did dell scrap their notebooks? END
START when did dell describe their changing approach to sales? END
START who reported that dell was offering to buy their manufacturing plants? END
START what manufacturers was dell gaining efficiency-wise? END
START what type of dell media has appeared on tv, on the internet, and in magazines? END
START one of dell's marketing strategies is what kind of shipping? END
START what year did dell cut its prices to keep its market share? END
START by how much did dell cut it's margins when it cut its prices? END
START where does dell take most of its purchases for its products? END
START what type of dell media hasn't appeared on tv, on the internet, and in magazines? END
START one of dell's marketing strategies isn't what kind of shipping? END
START what year did dell up its prices to keep its market share? END
START by how much did dell up it's margins when it upped its prices? END
START where does dell take less of its purchases for its products? END
START what year did dell make an agreement with officeworks? END
START what computer model did dell ask officeworks to carry? END
START in which country did dell partner with harris technology? END
START what company did dell team with in late 2008? END
START what year did dell's australian program end up shutting down? END
START what year did dell make a disagreement with officeworks? END
START what computer model didn't dell ask officeworks to carry? END
START in which country did dell cut ties with harris technology? END
START what company did dell team with in late 2009? END
START what year didn't dell's australian program end up shutting down? END
START what department did dell launch an internal investigation on? END
START what was the minimum amount of earnings that would be restated by dell's investigation? END
START what year did dell's internal investigation begin? END
START who did dell agree to not buy processors from? END
START how much did dell pay in fines to settle fraud charges against it? END
START what department did dell launch an external investigation on? END
START what was the maximum amount of earnings that would be restated by dell's investigation? END
START what year did dell's external investigation begin? END
START how much didn't dell pay in fines to settle fraud charges against it? END
START who did dell agree to buy processors from? END
START what decade did dell begin to sell things other than pcs? END
START ibm, hewlett packard, and compaq were the major providers of what? END
START what servers did dell create that they tried to break into the market with? END
START what year did dell's enterprise revenue make up a large chunk of its profit? END
START which company did dell exceed as a server provider? END
START what decade did dell begin to buy things other than pcs? END
START ibm, hewlett packard, and compaq were the minor providers of what? END
START what servers did dell destroy that they tried to break into the market with? END
START what year did dell's enterprise revenue make up a large chunk of its loss? END
START which company did dell lag behind of as a server provider? END
START what market made up the majority of dell's sales? END
START what advantage did dell hold in the pc market? END
START what operation did hewlett packard and acer make more efficient to compete with dell? END
START where did dell miss out on sales due to relying on the internet? END
START what company stated that dell was preventing itself from innovating? END
START what market made up the minority of dell's sales? END
START what disadvantage did dell hold in the pc market? END
START what operation did hewlett packard and acer make more inefficient to compete with dell? END
START where didn't dell miss out on sales due to relying on the internet? END
START what company stated that ibm was preventing itself from innovating? END
START what decade did dell's manufacturing process become less efficient? END
START what plant did dell close in texas? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $280 million but was later closed? END
START what company bought the north carolina plant from dell? END
START the plant in what us state still remains in operation? END
START what decade did dell's manufacturing process become more efficient? END
START what plant did dell open in texas? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $290 million but was later closed? END
START what company bought the south carolina plant from dell? END
START the plant in what us state no longer remains in operation? END
START how much has dell's value increased since they went private? END
START what hedge fund group was pressuring emc into restructuring? END
START what news source published revenue estimations between dell and emc? END
START what year did dell go private? END
START how much has dell's value decreased since they went private? END
START how much has dell's value increased since they went public? END
START what hedge fund group was pressuring mec into restructuring? END
START what news source published revenue estimations between dell and mec? END
START what year did dell go public? END
START in what foreign country did dell open plants in 1995? END
START what percentage of dell notebooks are assembled in their asian plants? END
START how much did dell spend to construct a new plant in india? END
START how many pcs was dell's indian plant slated to make in 2007? END
START in what foreign country did dell close plants in 1995? END
START in what foreign country did dell open plants in 1996? END
START what percentage of dell notebooks are disassembled in their asian plants? END
START how much did dell spend to destroy a new plant in india? END
START how many pcs was dell's indian plant slated to make in 2017? END
START who is the founder of dell? END
START how many board members does dell have? END
START how many committees are appointed by the board of directors at dell? END
START which dell committee handles accounting issues? END
START which dell committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws? END
START who isn't the founder of dell? END
START how many board members doesn't dell have? END
START how many committees aren't appointed by the board of directors at dell? END
START which dell committee handles non-accounting issues? END
START which ibm committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws? END
START what decade did dell sell electronics through big box stores? END
START what year did dell stop selling products through physical retailers? END
START what store did dell sell electronics at in 2003? END
START what year did dell begin selling products at retailers again? END
START who is the largest electronics retailer in the us?  END
START what decade didn't dell sell electronics through big box stores? END
START what year did dell start selling products through physical retailers? END
START what store did dell sell electronics at in 2013? END
START what year did dell stop selling products at retailers again? END
START who is the smallest electronics retailer in the us? END
START what was dell the first it company to establish? END
START what year did dell enact its global consumer recycling program? END
START how much electronics did dell recycle by 2009? END
START what year was 78 million pounds of dell equipment recycled? END
START what percentage of dell electronics from the previous seven years were recycled? END
START what was dell the last it company to establish? END
START what year did dell enact its local consumer recycling program? END
START how much electronics did dell recycle by 2008? END
START what year was 87 million pounds of dell equipment recycled? END
START what percentage of dell electronics from the previous six years were recycled? END
START what decade did dell switch to psus and boards that had differently wired connectors? END
START with what kind of parts were consumers able to upgrade their dell systems with? END
START what year did dell revert its power connectors to industry standard ones? END
START what part of their motherboards does dell not reveal the specifications of? END
START what decade did dell switch to spus and boards that had differently wired connectors? END
START with what kind of parts weren't consumers able to upgrade their dell systems with? END
START with what kind of parts were consumers unable to upgrade their dell systems with? END
START what year didn't dell revert its power connectors to industry standard ones? END
START what part of their motherboards does dell reveal the specifications of? END
START when did michael dell found his company? END
START how much did dell receive as capital from his family? END
START what school did dell go to and later drop out of while he ran his business? END
START what year did dell design its own computer? END
START how much did dell profit in its first year? END
START when did michael dell end his company? END
START how much didn't dell receive as capital from his family? END
START what school didn't dell go to and later drop out of while he ran his business? END
START what year didn't dell design its own computer? END
START how much did dell lose in its first year? END
START what did dell enjoy from 1997 to 2004? END
START what company did dell overtake as the largest pc manufacturer? END
START how much were dell profiting in 2002? END
START what company did compaq merge with in 2002? END
START what company was the fastest growing in the early 2000s? END
START what did dell enjoy from 1996 to 2004? END
START what company did dell overtake as the smallest pc manufacturer? END
START how much were dell losing in 2002? END
START what company did compaq merge with in 2012? END
START what company was the slowest growing in the early 2000s? END
START what did dell rely on that gave it a reputation? END
START what did dell maintain lower spending on than its competitors? END
START what was dell's organizational structure considered? END
START dell lagged behind hewlett packard and oracle in delivering what kind of solutions? END
START what did dell rely on that gave it a bad reputation? END
START what did ibm rely on that gave it a reputation? END
START what did dell maintain higher spending on than its competitors? END
START what wasn't dell's organizational structure considered? END
START dell went ahead of hewlett packard and oracle in delivering what kind of solutions? END
START what was the name of dell's change campaign? END
START who relinquished his position as ceo to take a seat on the board? END
START michael dell removed employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive? END
START who replaced jim schneider as dell cfo? END
START what wasn't the name of dell's change campaign? END
START what was the name of ibm's change campaign? END
START who relinquished his position as cfo to take a seat on the board? END
START michael dell added employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive? END
START who replaced jim schneider as dell coo? END
START how much of dell's revenue was its pc division? END
START who was dell's main business rival? END
START how much did dell spend on acquiring different divisions? END
START what happened to dell's revenue and share price in the post-pc market? END
START how much of dell's revenue wasn't its pc division? END
START how much of dell's revenue was its phone division? END
START who was dell's main business ally? END
START how much did dell spend on selling different divisions? END
START what happened to dell's expenses and share price in the post-pc market? END
START what city is dell's new hampshire facility in? END
START what city is dell's tennessee facility in? END
START what city is dell's minnesota facility in? END
START what city is dell's florida facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's new hampshire facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's tennessee facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's minnesota facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's florida facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's nebraska facility in? END
START what city is dell's texas facility in? END
START what year was dell's tennessee facility opened? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $280 million in incentives in? END
START what continent did a lot of work from dell's plants get transferred to? END
START what subsidiary of dell remains operating in florida? END
START what city isn't dell's texas facility in? END
START what year was dell's tennessee facility closed? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $820 million in incentives in? END
START what continent did a lot of work from dell's plants get transferred from? END
START what subsidiary of dell remains operating in georgia? END
START what emissions did dell strive to reduce? END
START by 2015, how much did dell slate to reduce its emissions? END
START what year did dell rank 2nd for product greenness? END
START what organization scores electronics manufacturers based on how environmentally friendly their products are?  END
START what emissions didn't dell strive to reduce? END
START by 2016, how much did dell slate to reduce its emissions? END
START by 2015, how much did dell slate to increase its emissions? END
START what year did dell rank 1st for product greenness? END
START what organization scores electronics manufacturers based on how environmentally damaging their products are?  END
START what year did dell come under fire from the taiwanese consumer protection commission? END
START what percent lower was dell selling its notebooks in taiwan? END
START what did dell sell for $19 in taiwan? END
START how much did taiwan fine dell for its practices? END
START what year didn't dell come under fire from the taiwanese consumer protection commission? END
START what year did ibm come under fire from the taiwanese consumer protection commission? END
START what percent lower was dell buying its notebooks in taiwan? END
START what did dell sell for $91 in taiwan? END
START how much didn't taiwan fine dell for its practices? END
START innovations in what kind of management is dell known for? END
START what sales model did dell follow? END
START for the majority of dell's existence, what were they a vendor of? END
START what company did dell acquire in 2009? END
START what market did dell begin to compete in in 2009? END
START what sales model didn't dell follow? END
START innovations in what kind of management is dell unknown for? END
START for the minority of dell's existence, what were they a vendor of? END
START what company did dell acquire in 2008? END
START what market did dell begin to compete in in 2011? END
START what year did dell plan to sell pcs at retailers? END
START what was one retailer that were going to sell dell pcs? END
START who convinced michael dell to not use retailers to sell pcs? END
START what position at dell did kevin rollins eventually attain? END
START what year didn't dell plan to sell pcs at retailers? END
START what year did ibm plan to sell pcs at retailers? END
START what was one retailer that weren't going to sell dell pcs? END
START who convinced michael dell to use retailers to sell pcs? END
START what position at dell did kevin rollins eventually lose? END
START what year did michael dell bring in lee walker to the company? END
START what did lee walker recruit members to dell for? END
START what year did walker retire? END
START what was morton meyerson's position at his former company? END
START what year didn't michael dell bring in lee walker to the company? END
START what didn't lee walker recruit members to dell for? END
START what year did walker die? END
START what was morton meyerson's position at his current company? END
START what was morton dell's position at his former company? END
START what country's pc market was dell reliant on? END
START what percentage of dell's profits were desktop pcs being sold to commercial and corporate buyers? END
START what year were dell's pc profits shrinking? END
START what operating system was slated to be the next system upgrade for corporate clients? END
START what country's pc market was dell unreliant on? END
START what year were dell's pc profits growing? END
START what percentage of dell's profits were laptop pcs being sold to commercial and corporate buyers? END
START what percentage of dell's profits were desktop pcs being sold to commercial and home buyers? END
START what operating system was slated to be the next system upgrade for home clients? END
START the release of what electronic had a negative impact on dell? END
START which division of dell were unsuccessful in developing mobile devices? END
START what dell product was a commercial failure? END
START what line of high end electronics did dell create that failed to compete with apple products? END
START what year did dell see its first decline in holiday sales? END
START the release of what electronic had a positive impact on dell? END
START which division of dell were successful in developing mobile devices? END
START what dell product was a commercial success? END
START what line of low end electronics did dell create that failed to compete with apple products? END
START what year did dell see its first rise in holiday sales? END
START what did dell have a poor reputation for? END
START where did dell move its call centers? END
START which dell employee was moved from head of manufacturing to head of customer service? END
START how much had dell spent by 2006 on improving customer service? END
START what did dell have a good reputation for? END
START what did ibm have a poor reputation for? END
START where didn't dell move its call centers? END
START which dell employee was moved from head of manufacturing to head of sales? END
START how much had dell spent by 2005 on improving customer service? END
START what year did the blackstone group express interest in acquiring dell? END
START what was the first private equity firm to decide not to submit a bid for dell? END
START what company did analysts feel would need to find an exit strategy to profit from acquiring dell? END
START how much was the potential enterprise value of dell? END
START what year did the blackstone group express interest in selling dell? END
START what year did the blackstone group express interest in acquiring ibm? END
START what was the first public equity firm to decide not to submit a bid for dell? END
START what company did analysts feel would need to find an exit strategy to profit from selling dell? END
START how much wasn't the potential enterprise value of dell? END
START what year did dell close its largest canadian call center? END
START how many employees lost jobs when dell closed their call center? END
START how many workers did dell plan to have at their ottawa call center? END
START what percentage of its workforce did dell terminate in from 2007 to 2008? END
START what year did dell open its largest canadian call center? END
START what year did dell close its smallest canadian call center? END
START how many employees lost jobs when dell opened their call center? END
START how many workers did dell plan to have at their toronto call center? END
START what percentage of its workforce did dell terminate in from 2007 to 2009? END
START what type of computing is the combined effort of emc and dell slated to address? END
START what organization commented on the deal between emc and dell? END
START how much did vmware stock fall after the merger announcement? END
START what was the original valuation of the merger? END
START what type of computing is the combined effort of mec and dell slated to address? END
START what type of computing is the combined effort of emc and dell slated to not address? END
START what organization commented on the deal between mec and dell? END
START how much did vmware stock fall before the merger announcement? END
START what was the newest valuation of the merger? END
START what year did dell announce its buyout deal? END
START what was the value of dell's buyout deal? END
START what was the value of the loan that dell received from microsoft? END
START what was the value of the second largest technology buyout? END
START what year did ibm announce its buyout deal? END
START what was the value of microsoft's buyout deal? END
START what was the value of the loan that dell received from ibm? END
START what was the value of the third largest technology buyout? END
START what was the value of the second smallest technology buyout? END
START how much space did dell lease in texas? END
START how many senior executives were slated to work in the building dell leased? END
START what year did dell announce its plans to sublease its building? END
START where did dell move its headquarters back to in 2003? END
START what was the total amount of space that dell leased in las cimas 1 and 2? END
START how much space did dell sell in texas? END
START how many minor executives were slated to work in the building dell leased? END
START what year did dell announce its plans to buy its building? END
START where did dell move its headquarters back to in 2004? END
START what was the total amount of space that dell leased in las cimas 2 and 3? END
START what texas city was dell's headquarters previously in? END
START how many employees worked at dell's texas headquarters? END
START what year did dell announce that it was moving most of its employees out of texas? END
START where was the board room located at dells arboretum building? END
START how many customer support employees did dell move to round rock in 1994? END
START what florida city was dell's headquarters previously in? END
START how many employees never worked at dell's texas headquarters? END
START what year did dell announce that it was moving most of its employees into texas? END
START where wasn't the board room located at dells arboretum building? END
START how many customer support employees did dell move to round rock in 1995? END
START for what market did dell make computers for in ireland? END
START how many irish employees did dell hire? END
START what year did dell announce it was relocating its irish facility? END
START what was the value of the aid package given to dell that the european union investigated? END
START what year did dell begin production in the lodz, poland facility? END
START for what market did dell make computers for in scotland? END
START how many irish employees did dell fire? END
START what year did dell announce it wasn't relocating its irish facility? END
START what was the value of the aid package taken from dell that the european union investigated? END
START what year did dell quit production in the lodz, poland facility? END
START what kind of hardware support does dell provide? END
START what kind of customers does dell provide support to for major outages? END
START what kind of support does dell provide using a computer's service-tag? END
START what kind of software support does dell provide? END
START what kind of hardware support doesn't dell provide? END
START what kind of hardware support does ibm provide? END
START what kind of customers does dell provide support to for minor outages? END
START what kind of support doesn't dell provide using a computer's service-tag? END
START what is the alternate name for the dell solution station? END
START what dell service offers certified technicians to tackle commercial technical support? END
START what dell service offers remote desktop management? END
START what is the name of the dell service that gives home-users a support queue? END
START what isn't the alternate name for the dell solution station? END
START what dell service offers uncertified technicians to tackle commercial technical support? END
START what dell service offers certified technicians to tackle home technical support? END
START what dell service never offers remote desktop management? END
START what is the name of the dell service that gives business-users a support queue? END
START what year did dell lose its tech lead to hewlett-packard? END
START what was hp's growth during the third quarter of 2006? END
START what was the rate of decline that dell experienced in pc shipments? END
START what was dell's market share at the end of 2006? END
START what year did ibm lose its tech lead to hewlett-packard? END
START what year did dell gain its tech lead to hewlett-packard? END
START what was hp's growth during the third quarter of 2007? END
START what was the rate of growth that dell experienced in pc shipments? END
START what was dell's market share at the end of 2005? END
START what toxic chemical did dell set to eliminate from its products? END
START by what year does dell plan to remove chemicals from its computers? END
START what activists protested at dell's offices in response to the usage of toxic chemicals? END
START what year did dell launch its first products that were free of toxic chemicals? END
START what toxic chemical didn't dell set to eliminate from its products? END
START what nontoxic chemical did dell set to eliminate from its products? END
START by what year does dell plan to put chemicals in its computers? END
START what activists protested at dell's offices in response to the usage of nontoxic chemicals? END
START what year did dell launch its first products that weren't free of toxic chemicals? END
START what percentage of dell support calls were transferred? END
START how much did dell originally spend to fix their customer service? END
START what amount did dell increase its customer service budget to? END
START what percentage of dell support calls weren't transferred? END
START what percentage of ibm support calls were transferred? END
START how much did dell originally spend to end their customer service? END
START how much did ibm originally spend to fix their customer service? END
START what amount did dell decrease its customer service budget to? END
START what does dell aim to reduce by creating energy efficient products? END
START how much does energy efficiency save dell per year? END
START what is the largest contributor to dell's energy efficiency savings? END
START how many pcs does dell employ energy management software on? END
START what does dell aim to increase by creating energy efficient products? END
START what doesn't dell aim to reduce by creating energy efficient products? END
START how much does energy efficiency save dell per month? END
START what is the smallest contributor to dell's energy efficiency savings? END
START how many pcs does dell employ energy management hardware on? END
START what process begins after a death sentence is handed down at trial? END
START in a direct review, what type of court looks at the record? END
START how many possible outcomes are there of a capital sentencing direct review? END
START what percentage of convictions survive direct review? END
START in a direct review, what court has its record reviewed by the appellate court? END
START what process begins before a death sentence is handed down at trial? END
START  in an indirect review, what type of court looks at the record? END
START  how many possible outcomes are there of a capital sentencing indirect review? END
START what percentage of convictions don't survive direct review? END
START in a direct review, what court has its record not reviewed by the appellate court? END
START in what year was the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act passed? END
START how many habeas corpus suits does the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act normally allow in federal court? END
START what is the us code citation for the civil rights act of 1871? END
START why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the civil rights act of 1871? END
START in what year was the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act rejected? END
START how many habeas corpus suits does the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act never allow in federal court? END
START  what is the us code citation for the civil rights act of 1971? END
START why does a litigant initiate a lawsuit under the civil rights act of 1801? END
START who was executed by firing squad on january 17, 1977? END
START in what state was gary gilmore executed? END
START on what date was john spenkelink executed? END
START in what state did jesse bishop's execution occur? END
START how was charles brooks, jr. executed? END
START who was executed by firing squad on january 17, 1927? END
START  in what state was gary gilmore freed? END
START  on what date was john spenkelink freed? END
START  in what state did jesse bishop's freedom ruling occur? END
START  how was charles brooks, jr. freed? END
START what was a common nickname for the electric chair? END
START what color was alabama's electric chair? END
START what state notably had electric chair malfunctions? END
START due to electric chair malfunctions, what method of execution became preferred? END
START prior to the popularity of lethal injection, what was the preferred method of executing criminals in america? END
START what was an uncommon nickname for the electric chair? END
START  what color was arkansas's electric chair? END
START  what state never notably had electric chair malfunctions? END
START due to electric chair malfunctions, what method of execution was not preferred? END
START prior to the popularity of lethal injection, what was the preferred method of executing criminals in south america? END
START what state has had only a single execution? END
START when was the last person executed in the district of columbia? END
START when did oregon reinstate the death penalty? END
START in what year did an oregon referendum succeed in restoring the death penalty, only to be shot down due to a court ruling? END
START what state notably abolished the death penalty and then reintroduced it, but didn't use it again? END
START what state has had only a double execution? END
START  when was the first person executed in the district of columbia? END
START  when did oregon reject the death penalty? END
START in what year did an oregon referendum succeed in restoring the death penalty, only to be passed due to a court ruling? END
START what state notably abolished the death penalty and then reintroduced it, and used it frequently? END
START in the united states, how many murders are there for each execution? END
START how many murder convictions occur in the us per execution? END
START how many states in the us have the death penalty? END
START what state has the highest rate of death sentences per person? END
START what does alabama law allow judges to do that isn't allowed in other states? END
START in the united states, how many rapes are there for each execution? END
START  how many murder releases occur in the us per execution? END
START  how many states in the us do not have the death penalty? END
START  what state has the lowest rate of death sentences per person? END
START what does alabama law allow judges to do that is allowed in other states? END
START what territory's constitution says "the death penalty shall not exist"? END
START what us state prohibits the death penalty in its constitution? END
START how many us states have passed laws outlawing the death penalty? END
START under what jurisdiction can capital offenses still be committed in puerto rico? END
START what territory's constitution says "the death penalty shall definitely exist"? END
START  what us state allows the death penalty in its constitution? END
START how many uk towns have passed laws outlawing the death penalty? END
START under what jurisdiction can capital offenses never be committed in puerto rico? END
START in what year was the death penalty suspended in the us? END
START what supreme court case resulted in capital punishment being suspended? END
START who was executed on june 2, 1967? END
START what amendment to the united states constitution forbids cruel and unusual punishment? END
START in what year was the suspension of the death penalty in the united states ended? END
START in what year was the death penalty allowed in the us? END
START what supreme court case resulted in capital punishment being allowed? END
START  who was executed on june 2, 1987? END
START what amendment to the united states constitution allows cruel and unusual punishment? END
START in what year was the suspension of the death penalty in south america ended? END
START what state's law says that death sentences must take place in an "enclosure"? END
START what law has similar language to missouri revised statute  546.730? END
START what state's law mandated that executions occur in ""room or place enclosed from public view"? END
START along with united states code title 18  3596, what federal law limits the people who can witness a federal execution? END
START what state's law requires that capital punishment occur "within the walls" of a penitentiary? END
START what state's law says that death sentences must not take place in an "enclosure"? END
START what law has different language to missouri revised statute  546.730? END
START what state's law mandated that executions occur in ""room or place enclosed from private view"? END
START  along with united states code title 18  3596, what federal law limits the people who won't witness a federal execution? END
START in what year was gregg v. georgia decided? END
START along with the guilt-innocence phase, what is the other phase of a death penalty trial under gregg v. georgia? END
START what is the only conviction that can lead to the death penalty? END
START along with aggravating factors, what other factors are considered at the second hearing? END
START what is decided at the first proceeding? END
START  in what year was gregg v. georgia undecided? END
START along with the innocence phase, what is the other phase of a death penalty trial under gregg v. georgia? END
START what isn't the only conviction that can lead to the death penalty? END
START  along with aggravating factors, what other factors are considered at the third hearing? END
START  what is decided at the second proceeding? END
START how many executions occurred in 1999? END
START what was the number of people executed in 2015? END
START in what year did the reauthorization of capital punishment occur? END
START how many people have been executed in the united states since 1976? END
START which state has the largest number of people awaiting execution? END
START how many executions occurred in 1959? END
START  what was the number of people executed in 2018? END
START in what year did the unauthorization of capital punishment occur? END
START  how many people have been freed from being executed in the united states since 1976? END
START  which state has the smallest number of people awaiting execution? END
START in november 2008, who was on death penalty without a murder conviction? END
START who did demarcus sears kidnap? END
START in what state was gloria ann wilbur murdered? END
START in what year was demarcus sears convicted of kidnapping? END
START a jury in what state sentenced demarcus sears to death? END
START in november 2018, who was on death penalty without a murder conviction? END
START  who did demarcus sears let go free? END
START  in what state was gloria ann wilbur born? END
START  in what year was demarcus sears freed of kidnapping? END
START a jury in what state sentenced demarcus sears to freedom? END
START when a prisoner is given a death sentence in a state, what is the first step of collateral review? END
START about what percentage of capital convictions are overturned due to state collateral review? END
START in 2010, how many death sentences were overturned due to reversals from courts or appeals? END
START what is an example of an issue that is raised in collateral review? END
START when a prisoner is given a death sentence in a state, what is the last step of collateral review? END
START about what percentage of capital convictions are never overturned due to state collateral review? END
START  in 2010, how many death sentences were never overturned due to reversals from courts or appeals? END
START what is an example of an issue that isn't raised in collateral review? END
START in what case did the supreme court allow section 1983 to be used to challenge a method of execution? END
START in what year was hill v. mcdonough decided? END
START what amendment of the constitution does cruel and unusual punishment violate? END
START what case notably upheld the use of a method of lethal injection? END
START along with section 1983, through what means can a convict on death row challenge his execution? END
START n what case did the supreme court allow section 1989 to be used to challenge a method of execution? END
START  in what year was hill v. mcdonough rejected? END
START what amendment of the constitution doesn't cruel and unusual punishment violate? END
START  what case notably did not uphold the use of a method of lethal injection? END
START along with section 1983, through what means can a convict on death row submit to his execution? END
START how many people were killed in the largest mass execution in us history? END
START on what date did the largest mass execution in american history take place? END
START in what state did the largest american mass execution occur? END
START what was the ethnicity of the people executed in the second-largest mass execution in us history? END
START in what year did the admiralty court hang 26 pirates in newport, rhode island? END
START how many people were killed in the smallest mass execution in us history? END
START on what date did the smallest mass execution in american history take place? END
START  in what state did the smallest american mass execution occur? END
START what was the ethnicity of the people executed in the second-smallest mass execution in us history? END
START  in what year did the admiralty court hang 26 pirates in kansas? END
START what act restricted the scope of federal habeas corpus? END
START how may state prisoners seek to have a death sentence overturned in federal court? END
START in what courts can federal habeas corpus suits be brought? END
START if prisoners use federal habeas corpus to present evidence that they're innocent, what must the evidence be? END
START what act didn't restrict the scope of federal habeas corpus? END
START how may state prisoners seek to have a death sentence not overturned in federal court? END
START if prisoners use federal habeas corpus to present evidence that they're guilty, what must the evidence be? END
START along with new jersey, what state commuted all life sentences when bills to repeal the death penalty were passed? END
START the governor of what state commuted four death sentences in january 2015? END
START who was governor of maryland in january 2015? END
START in what state's supreme court was state v. santiago decided? END
START how many people had their sentences commuted by state v. santiago? END
START along with canada, what state commuted all life sentences when bills to repeal the death penalty were passed? END
START the governor of what state commuted four death sentences in march 2015? END
START  who was governor of maryland in january 2005? END
START in what state's supreme court was state v. santiago not decided? END
START how many people had their sentences not commuted by state v. santiago? END
START in what court was bigby v. dretke decided? END
START what court heard the case penry v. lynaugh? END
START what amendment to the constitution did penry v. lynaugh address? END
START what sentencing factors did bigby v. dretke consider? END
START in what state was bigby v. dretke decided? END
START  what court denied hearing the case penry v. lynaugh? END
START what amendment to the constitution did penry v. lynaugh never address? END
START  what sentencing factors did bigby v. dretke reject considering? END
START in what year was tony chebatoris killed? END
START when was michigan's fourth constitution ratified? END
START in what city was tony chebatoris executed? END
START in what year was there a failed michigan constitutional amendment to allow the death penalty? END
START what article of the fourth michigan constitution forbids laws allowing capital punishment? END
START what happened in 1935? END
START  when was michigan's fifth constitution ratified? END
START  in what city was tony chebatoris born? END
START in what year was there a successful michigan constitutional amendment to allow the death penalty? END
START what article of the fourth michigan constitution forbids laws disallowing capital punishment? END
START under what federal statute are offenses punished by lethal injection? END
START according to what law are federal prisoners executed according to the procedures in place in the state in which they were convicted? END
START in what state is the federal correctional complex in terre haute? END
START in what month and year was juan garza executed? END
START who was executed by the federal government on march 18, 2003? END
START under what federal statute are offenses not punished by lethal injection? END
START according to what law are federal prisoners executed according to the procedures in place in the state in which they were freed? END
START  in what state is the federal correctional complex in tennessee? END
START  in what month and year was juan garza freed? END
START who was executed by the federal government on march 18, 2001? END
START in what year did the american law institute create a death penalty framework for the model penal code? END
START in what year did the american law institute change their mind about their contribution on the death penalty to the model penal code? END
START what goal did the ali's study say could not be reconciled with the goal of individualized execution decisions? END
START in what year did the american law institute create a non-death penalty framework for the model penal code? END
START in what year did the american law institute change their mind about their contribution on the non-death penalty to the model penal code? END
START what goal did the ali's study say could be reconciled with the goal of individualized execution decisions? END
START in what year was coker v. georgia decided? END
START for what offense did coker v. georgia forbid the death penalty? END
START along with georgia, what american jurisdiction allowed people to be executed for the rape of an adult prior to coker? END
START what ruling forbid the government from executing child rapists? END
START prior to kennedy v. louisiana, how many states criminalized child rape? END
START in what year was coker v. georgia not decided? END
START  for what offense did coker v. georgia allow the death penalty? END
START along with kentucky, what american jurisdiction allowed people to be executed for the rape of an adult prior to coker? END
START  what ruling allowed the government from executing child rapists? END
START in what year was nebraska's death penalty statute ruled unconstitutional by a state court? END
START what state's court ruled capital punishment unconstitutional in 1984? END
START in what case did the kansas supreme court rule that the death penalty is unconstitutional in kansas? END
START what method of execution did the nebraska supreme court rule unconstitutional? END
START after electrocution was outlawed, how were nebraska death row inmates executed? END
START in what year was kansas' death penalty statute ruled unconstitutional by a state court? END
START what state's court ruled capital punishment unconstitutional in 1884? END
START in what case did the arkansas supreme court rule that the death penalty is unconstitutional in arkansas? END
START what method of execution did the nebraska supreme court rule constitutional? END
START what death penalty drug ceased to be manufactured in 2011? END
START up until 2011, who manufactured sodium thiopental? END
START what is the nationality of the company that makes pentobarbital? END
START along with anti-death penalty advocacy, why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal injections in the united states? END
START the eu outlawed the export of products that could be used in what activity? END
START what death penalty drug started to be manufactured in 2011? END
START  up until 2015, who manufactured sodium thiopental? END
START  what is the mission statement of the company that makes pentobarbital? END
START  along with anti-death penalty advocacy, why has there been a shortage in drugs for lethal injections outside of the united states? END
START  the eu outlawed the export of products that could never be used in what activity? END
START in what year did the most polled american support capital punishment? END
START what percentage of polled americans opposed the death penalty in 1966? END
START in a 1977 poll, what percentage of respondents preferred life imprisonment to the death penalty? END
START in a 2006 poll, what percentage of polled americans preferred the death penalty to life without parole? END
START in what year did the least polled american support capital punishment? END
START what percentage of polled americans opposed the death penalty in 1916? END
START in a 1977 poll, what percentage of respondents rejected life imprisonment to the death penalty? END
START in a 2006 poll, what percentage of polled americans rejected the death penalty to life without parole? END
START what is a notable capital crime in louisiana? END
START in what state is extortionate kidnapping a capital offense? END
START along with alabama, where is hijacking an aircraft a death penalty offense? END
START in what state is armed robbery a capital crime? END
START in what states is perjury leading to death a capital offense? END
START what is a notable capital crime in missouri? END
START  in what state is extortionate kidnapping not a capital offense? END
START along with alabama, where is hijacking an aircraft not a death penalty offense? END
START  in what state is armed robbery not a capital crime? END
START  in what states is perjury leading to death not a capital offense? END
START along with marshall, who believed that the eighth amendment forbade the death penalty? END
START along with stewart, what supreme court justice was concerned about racial disparity in death penalty enforcement? END
START aside from stewart, what justice believed that the death penalty could be constitutional? END
START along with marshall, who believed that the ninth amendment forbade the death penalty? END
START along with stewart, what supreme court justice was unconcerned about racial disparity in death penalty enforcement? END
START aside from stewart, what justice believed that the death penalty could be unconstitutional? END
START between 1973 and 2015, how amny prisoners were acquitted or received pardons or commutations of their death sentences due to possible innocence? END
START between 1973 and 2015, how many prisoners were acquitted or received pardons or commutations of their death sentences due to possible guilt? END
START what happened in 2016? END
START what happened in 1970? END
START who supported this statistic? END
START what percentage of murderers in the united states are given a death sentence? END
START how many murderers in nevada were given a capital sentence? END
START what state notably executes 40% of those given the death penalty? END
START what percentage of murderers in california are given the death penalty and subsequently executed? END
START how much higher is the rate of execution in texas versus the national average? END
START what percentage of murderers in the united states aren't given a death sentence? END
START  how many murderers in nevada weren't given a capital sentence? END
START what state notably executes 80% of those given the death penalty? END
START what percentage of murderers in california are given the death penalty and subsequently freed? END
START how much higher is the rate of execution in texas versus the international average? END
START under the drug kingpin act of 1988 and federal death penalty act of 1994, about how many crimes were punishable by death? END
START what body passed the drug kingpin act of 1988? END
START what is another term for the act of spying for another country? END
START along with treason and espionage, what non-death offense is still a federal capital crime? END
START under the drug kingpin act of 1998 and federal death penalty act of 1994, about how many crimes were punishable by death? END
START what body failed the drug kingpin act of 1988? END
START  what is another term for the act of spying on another country? END
START along with treason and espionage, what death offense is still a federal capital crime? END
START who was executed on january 17, 1977? END
START by what method was gary gilmore executed? END
START aside from gary gilmore, how many people were executed in the united states between january 17, 1977 and 1984? END
START what tactic did inmates on death row use to delay their executions? END
START who was pardoned on january 17, 1977? END
START  by what method was gary gilmore let go free? END
START aside from gary gilmore, how many people were executed in the united states between january 17, 1987 and 1987? END
START what tactic did inmates on death row use to delay their release? END
START in what month and year was troy davis executed? END
START who was the death penalty information center director? END
START what organization did brian evans work for? END
START in what month and year was troy davis born? END
START  who was the death penalty information center secretary? END
START  what organization did brian evans reject working for? END
START how many execution methods are currently used in the united states? END
START what was the most common historical method of execution in the united states? END
START in what state did the last burning at the stake take place in the us? END
START who was the last person hanged in chains in the untied states? END
START when was execution by beheading ended in utah? END
START how many execution methods are currently outlawed in the united states? END
START what was the least common historical method of execution in the united states? END
START  in what state did the first burning at the stake take place in the us? END
START  who was the first person hanged in chains in the untied states? END
START  when was execution by beheading started in utah? END
START what percentage of american death row prisoners are african american? END
START what percentage of people executed in the united states since 1976 have been african american? END
START what percentage of american prison inmates are african american? END
START what percentage of homicides were committed by asians between 1980 and 2008? END
START what percentage of the american population is hispanic? END
START what percentage of american death row prisoners are south american END
START what percentage of people executed in the united states since 1976 have been south american? END
START what percentage of american prison inmates are south american? END
START  what percentage of homicides were committed by canadians between 1980 and 2008? END
START  what percentage of the canadian population is hispanic? END
START in the united states, how many important steps are usually present in the administration of capital punishment? END
START along with the president, what officeholder can issue pardons? END
START how many death sentences were issued in the period 1995-1996? END
START how many capital sentences were given in 1973? END
START in what year were there 73 death penalty convictions? END
START in the united states, how many important steps are never present in the administration of capital punishment? END
START  along with the president, what officeholder can't issue pardons? END
START how many death sentences were rejected in the period 1995-1996? END
START how many capital sentences were rejected in 1973? END
START  in what year were there 73 death penalty convictions overturned? END
START where was bethea hanged? END
START on what date was fred adams hanged? END
START in what state did the hanging of adams take place? END
START what was roscoe jackson's nickname? END
START how many people witnessed timothy mcveigh's execution? END
START where was bethea freed? END
START  on what date was fred adams freed? END
START in what state did the freedom of adams take place? END
START  what was roscoe jackson's birthdate? END
START  how many people refused timothy mcveigh's execution? END
START what institution does james liebman work for? END
START what does james liebman teach? END
START according to liebman, about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1978 and 1995? END
START according to tabak, what percentage of habeas corpus petitions were granted to death row inmates between 1976 and 1991? END
START in what year did liebman announce his findings? END
START what institution did james liebman get fired from? END
START  what does james liebman reject? END
START according to liebman, about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1988 and 1999? END
START  according to tabak, what percentage of habeas corpus petitions were granted to death row inmates between 1978 and 1993 END
START  in what year did liebman reject his findings? END
START who was executed on march 30, 1960? END
START what method of execution was used on james w. rodgers? END
START in what state was rodgers executed? END
START on what date was george york executed? END
START which state executed james french? END
START who was executed on march 30, 1990? END
START  what method of execution was not used on james w. rodgers? END
START in what state was rodgers born? END
START  on what date was george york freed? END
START  which state freed james french? END
START about how many american juveniles have been executed since 1642? END
START in what year was thomas graunger executed? END
START since 1976, how many americans have been executed for crimes committed as juveniles? END
START how old was george stinney when he was executed? END
START what method was used to execute leonard shockley? END
START about how many american juveniles have been executed since 1842? END
START  in what year was thomas graunger freed? END
START  since 1976, how many americans have been executed for crimes committed as adults? END
START  how old was george stinney when he was freed? END
START  what method was used to free leonard shockley? END
START as of may 2014, what was robert patton's job title? END
START what state employed robert patton in may 2014? END
START what race was clayton lockett? END
START what was clayton lockett's cause of death? END
START what gas did oklahoma decide to use for executions in 2015? END
START as of may 2011, what was robert patton's job title? END
START  what state executed robert patton in may 2014? END
START  what religion was clayton lockett? END
START what was clayton lockett's crime? END
START  what gas did oklahoma decide to use for freedoms in 2015? END
START along with gender, geography and race, what bias do some opponents of the death penalty see in its administration? END
START according to opponents of the death penalty, what does the death penalty cheapen? END
START according to death penalty opponents, on whose moral level does execution place the government? END
START what do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment isn't effective at doing? END
START who do death penalty opponents believe may sometimes be executed? END
START along with gender, geography and race, what bias do some people who agree with the death penalty see in its administration? END
START according to opponents of the death penalty, what does the death penalty strengthen? END
START  according to death penalty supporters, on whose moral level does execution place the government? END
START what do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment is effective at doing? END
START  who do death penalty opponents believe will never be executed? END
START according to thompson v. oklahoma, what was the youngest age at which a person might be executed? END
START in what year was thompson v. oklahoma decided? END
START in what month and year was roper v. simmons decided? END
START in roper v. simmons, how many supreme court justices believed juvenile execution to be unconstitutional? END
START based on roper v. simmons, what is now the minimum age to be executed in the united states? END
START according to thompson v. oklahoma, what was the oldest age at which a person might be executed? END
START  in what year was thompson v. oklahoma postponed? END
START  in what month and year was roper v. simmons postponed? END
START in roper v. simmons, how many supreme court justices believed juvenile execution to be constitutional? END
START based on roper v. simmons, what is now the maximum age to be executed in the united states? END
START in what year did missouri pass a law stating that executions should be inside of or near a jail? END
START what procedure did missouri use to execute prisoners in 1919? END
START in the missouri of 1919, who handed out passes to witness executions? END
START in approximately what year did a movement in favor of private executions begin in the us? END
START in what year did missouri pass a law stating that executions should be outside of a jail? END
START  what procedure did missouri use to free prisoners in 1919? END
START in the missouri of 1959, who handed out passes to witness executions? END
START in approximately what year did a movement in favor of public executions begin in the us? END
START who commuted all state capital sentences in 1986? END
START of what state was toney anaya governor? END
START who was governor of ohio in 1991? END
START how many women were on ohio's death row in 1991? END
START in what year did bob graham become governor of florida? END
START who commuted all state capital sentences in 1936? END
START  of what state was toney anaya senator? END
START  who was governor of nebraska in 1991? END
START  how many men were on ohio's death row in 1991? END
START in what year did bob graham become senator of florida? END
START along with south dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010? END
START who did idaho execute in 2011? END
START who was executed on october 30, 2012? END
START since 1976, how many prisoners has nevada executed? END
START since 1976, in what year was a prisoner executed in wyoming? END
START along with north dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010? END
START  who did idaho execute in 2013? END
START  who was freed on october 30, 2012? END
START since 1976, in what year was a prisoner freed in wyoming? END
START how many drugs are used to administer lethal injection? END
START what lethal injection drug is manufactured by hospira? END
START when did hospira cease to manufacture its lethal injection drug for the united states? END
START in what country does hospira manufacture sodium thiopental today? END
START what eu law forbids products used in torture to be manufactured in the european union? END
START  how many hours does it take to administer lethal injection? END
START  what lethal injection drug is not manufactured by hospira? END
START when did hospira begin to manufacture its lethal injection drug for the united states? END
START in what state does hospira manufacture sodium thiopental today? END
START what university studied "predictable doom"? END
START how many cases are not special circumstances in california? END
START what happened in 1997? END
START in what year did louis xiv die? END
START in what year did the french revolution begin? END
START in what decade did the scientific revolution begin? END
START which moral philosopher said "the greatest happiness for the greatest numbers"? END
START which two men were francis hutecheson's proteges? END
START the nature of knowledge, evidence, experience, and causation together are called what? END
START what type of philosopher was francis hutcheson? END
START in what areas of philosophy did hume become a major figure? END
START who wrote "poem to the memory of newton?" END
START in what year did newton die? END
START whose death in 1727 prompted poems to be written in his honour for decades? END
START who wrote creation, a philosophical poem in seven books? END
START in what year was creation, a philosophical poem in seven books written? END
START what did john locke base his governance philosphy in? END
START which english philosopher wrote leviathan in 1651? END
START who developed the view that all legitimate political power must be "representative?" END
START which of hobbes' ideas led to the distinction between civil society and the state? END
START how does john locke define mutual security? END
START what do locke's idea of natural rights include? END
START why did john locke believe that one person cannot enslave another? END
START what was john locke's one exception to denouncing slavery? END
START in which of john locke's works are natural rights most famously defined and discussed? END
START who dropped any passages dealing with miracles or visitations of angels from his work the jefferson bible? END
START the enlightenment era religious commentary was, in part, a response to which war? END
START what did the enlightenment mean for moderate christians? END
START did john locke want to foster or avoid increased detailed debate on the essence of christianity? END
START in which country did the enlightenment become associated with anti-government and anti-church radicalism? END
START which of the enlightenment's leaders did the british government give a knighthood and lucrative government office? END
START in which country did the government respond with hostility to the enlightenment, even imprisoning philosophes? END
START was government response to the enlightenment uniformly positive or widely varied? END
START in which class did the enlightenment reach deepest, expressing a nationalistic tone? END
START what two ideas did conservative and clerical defenders of traditional religion attack as evil forces that encouraged immorality? END
START by 1794, what did those against the enlightenment point to as confirmation of their predictions? END
START which type of philosophers argued that excessive dependence on reason was a mistake perpetuated by the enlightenment? END
START most scholars use the beginning of the napoleonic wars or which other battle as a convenient date to end the enlightenment? END
START french historians generally use the beginning of which king's reign to date the start of the enlightenment? END
START what do french historians commonly call the age of enlightenment? END
START in what year was descartes' discourse on method published? END
START in what year was issaac newton's principia mathematica published? END
START the creation of the public sphere is associated with the rise of capitalism and which other historical trend? END
START what increased society's autonomy, self-awareness, and need for exchange of information? END
START in what year did the aristocracy move from the king's palace at versailles to paris? END
START the desire to explore, record and systematize knowledge had a meaningful impact on what other form of publication? END
START what publication of jean-jacques rousseau was a leading text in the late 18th century and was published 1767 in geneva and 1768 in paris? END
START in what year was charles burney's a general history of music: from the earliest ages to the present period published? END
START what mozart piece did rose rosengard subotnik conclude is "an ideal musical representation of the enlightenment"? END
START which two perspectives did rose rosengard subotnik use to compare mozart's die cauberflote? END
START what was the principal social institution of the republic during the french enlightenment? END
START was french society open or fearful of female participation in the literary sphere during the enlightenment? END
START what female occupation allowed women to play an essential part in the french enlightenment? END
START which event destroyed the former patronage and corporatism of france and allowed women to participate in society? END
START where was bibliotheque bleue located? END
START for what audience were the books of the bibliotheque bleue written? END
START which two influential periodicals  were closely associated with london coffee house culture and were sold from 1909 to 1714?  END
START what collection of cheaply produced books represents the lower class' desire to participate in the enlightenment? END
START who was the target audience of natural history? END
START many texts had explicit instructive purposes as naturalists catered to polite society's desire for what? END
START the idea of what quality was a social indicator that provided a new source of legitimacy for the dominant class? END
START was the target audience of natural history evidenced more by the price of publications or its specific discourse of the genre? END
START who drafted the first technical dictionary? END
START what was the first technical dictionary drafted by john harris titled? END
START did the lexicon technicum focus on theological and biographical entries or science and technology? END
START what year was the lexicon technicum published? END
START in what language was the lexicon technicum written? END
START what book was published in 1686 specifically for women with an interest in scientific writing? END
START who was the author of conversations on the plurality of worlds (1686)? END
START who wrote a successful natural history textbook for children titled the easy introduction to the knowledge of nature (1782)? END
START how many editions were published of sarah trimmer's history textbook for children? END
START emilie du chatelet's translation of what newton work was published after her death in 1756? END
START the practice of contests dates back to what time period? END
START previous to 1725, what subject matter was focused on by the concours academiques? END
START which topics of public controversy became more widely discussed around 1725? END
START were the concours academiques public or private matters? END
START where did the first english coffeehouse open in 1650? END
START according to brian cowan, was learning more or less formal in coffehouses as opposed to private institutions? END
START what term did brian cowan give oxford coffeehouses? END
START diderot, voltaire, mozart, goethe, and benjamin franklin were all members of what secret network? END
START to whom was freemasonry most attractive? END
START freemasonry expanded rapidly to nearly every country in which continent? END
START trying to apply enlightenment thought on religious and political tolerance became known as what? END
START which two americans travelled to europe during the enlightenment and actively contributed to the scienific and political debate? END
START the ideals of the enlightenment were incorporated into which two united states documents? END
START did the scientific revolution precede or follow the age of enlightenment? END
START kant's work continued to shape german thought and european philosophy well into what century? END
START in what year was immanuel kant born? END
START for which work is mary wollstonecraft best known? END
START in what year was a vindication on the rights of woman published? END
START mary wollstonecraft argued for a society based on what idea? END
START the basis of classical liberalism comes from whose philosophical concepts? END
START whose philosophical concepts directly influenceed james madison and thus the u.s. constitution? END
START who popularised hume's philosophical concepts? END
START what did locke, hobbes, and rousseau agree was necessary for a man to live in civil society? END
START which theorist wrote two treatises of government? END
START who wrote discourse on inequality? END
START from which state does locke believe it is virtually improssible to break free? END
START for what reason did rousseau feel people joined into civil society? END
START leaders of the enlightenment that helped design laws and programs to reform the court system are called what by historians? END
START which enlightened despot was so over-enthusiastic that revolts broke out and nearly all of his programs were reversed? END
START in what country was the model constitution of 1791 in effect for only one year? END
START from what country was enlightenment leader catherine the great? END
START did mendelssohn and spinoza judge religion on its moral fruits or logic of its theology?? END
START what did enlightenment scholars seek to curtail and thereby prevent another age of intolerant religious war? END
START spinoza was determined to remove what from contemporary and historical theology? END
START did moses mendelssohn advise to follow a specific organized religion, or to whatever one found most convincing? END
START who did voltaire say that france looked to for ideas of civilization? END
START what was the profession of james anderson? END
START who was the first modern geologist? END
START william cullen and joseph black shared what two occupations? END
START in what year was the french term lumieres first used? END
START what term became the german equivalent to the french term lumieres? END
START in what century did the term enlightenment emerge in english? END
START what is the italian equivalent to the french term lumieres? END
START did the terms, enlightenment, lumieres, aufklarung and illuminismo refer to distinct or overlapping movements? END
START did rising efficiency in production and communication lower or raise the prices of consumer goods? END
START was the variety of goods available to consumers increased or decreased by the economic and social change of the industrial revolution? END
START the context for the rise of the public sphere was the econoic and social change associated with what revolution? END
START a the economy and middle class expanded, what artistic profession had an increasing number of members? END
START which economic class expansion led to the emergence of music magazines and reviews? END
START women increased their presence in the amateur performers scene with what instrument, especially? END
START which musican mediums were the majority of amateur music works published for? END
START by what century in france had the men of letters fused with the elites? END
START what was the term for the oppositional literary sphere of a "multitude of versifiers and would-be-authors"? END
START could the london market support the large numbers of writers that were emerging? END
START were men travelling to london to become authors paid well or poorly by the publishing-bookselling guilds? END
START during which movement were the first scientific and literary journals established? END
START what was the title of the first scientific and literary journal? END
START in what year did the first scientific and literary journal appear? END
START which two languages were the most dominant languages of scientific and literary publications? END
START where were the vast majority of french language periodicals produced? END
START which work published in 1712 explained terms that usefully described the trades and scientific and commercial education? END
START in the jablonski allgemeines lexicon (1721) how many colums of text were dedicated to wine? END
START was the jablonski allgemeines lexicon (1721) more dedicated to technical subjects or scientific theory? END
START in what year was the first edition of the encyclopaedia britannica published? END
START the encyclopaedia britannica was modelled along the same lines as a work from which country? END
START what enforced contest rule guaranteed that neither gender nor social rank would determine the judging? END
START were the vast majority of contest participants from the wealthier strata of society or the popular classes? END
START how many prize competitions did women win out of the 2300 in france? END
START women's education common stressed which literary genre? END
START what literary genre were the majority of female winning contest entries? END
START where was the cafe procope established in 1686? END
START by the 1720s. how many cafes were in paris? END
START in which cafe was the encyclopedie created? END
START were bruits or newspapers allegedly a better source of information? END
START where did freemasonry originate? END
START where did freemasonry first spread? END
START in what country was freemaonry particularly prevalent? END
START what was the most popular of all enlightenment associations? END
START which group was copied from the freemasons and founded in bavaria in 1776? END
START who is known for his statement that individuals have a right to "life, liberty and property"? END
START locke believed that the natural right to property is derived from what? END
START locke's theory of natural rights influenced what french document? END
START which king of prussia saw himself as the leader of the enlightenment? END
START which enlightenment theorist was extended an invitation to live at the palace after being iprisoned by the french government? END
START who was the king of prussia from 1740 to 1786? END
START which american enlightenment sympathiser was known for his political activism and advances in physics? END
START did the cultural exchange during the age of enlightenment travel exclusively to america or did information travel in both directions, back across the atlantic to europe? END
START as diests, americans were influenced by the ideas of which two enlightenment followers? END
START attempts to reconcile which two fields resulted in a widespread rejection of prophecy? END
START all supernatural aspects were removed from which thomas paine work? END
START what term was given to the writers of grub street? END
START libelles were generally written in what form? END
START which group inherited the "revolutionary spirit" once displayed by the philosophes, according to darnton? END
START which works by the grub street hacks "slandered the court, the church, the aristocracy, the academies, the salons, everything elevated and respectable, including the monarchy itself."? END
START which venue created a unique environment in which people from many different walks of life could gather and share ideas? END
START coffehouses were criticized by which group of people, fearing the possiblity of an environmentin which class was disregarded? END
START what societal group derived much of their power from the disparity between classes of people? END
START which societal group believed they held a divine right to rule and resented the idea of their subjects convening to discuss political matters? END
START did natural history in particular become increasingly popular amoung the upper or lower classes? END
START which type of history encompassed botany, zoology, meteorolgy, hydrology, and mineralogy? END
START who wrote the histoire naturelle des insectes? END
START in what decade did the first masonic lodges appear on the continent? END
START the freemason embodiment of what country's values was seen as threatening by continental authorities? END
START which lodge that met in the mid 1720s was composed of english jacobite exiles? END
START which lodges assigned themselves the duty to "initate the unenlightened"? END
START what is the masonic term for the deistic divine being who created a scientifically ordered universe? END
START which venue represents a turning point in history during which people discovered that they could have enjoyable social lives within their communities? END
START coffehouses were essential to what movement by becoming centers of free-thinking and self-discovery? END
START in what year was the spectator published? END
START which literary work used the fictional narrator mr. spectator to entertain and provoke discussion regarding serious philosophical matters? END
START who was the major opponent to freemasonry? END
START which countries had a large catholic element and therefore had confrontation with freemasons? END
START do american historians downplay or attribute the importance of freemasonry in causing the american revolution? END
START who was the political enemy of the patriots? END
START were the masons political or non-political in the american revolution? END
START how was the enlightenment known in french? END
START which movement dominated the world of ideas in europe in the 18th century? END
START in france, what were the central doctrines of the lumieres? END
START the principle of absolute monarchy of which group was at odds with those following the enlightenment? END
START which city in the mid-18th century became the center of an explosion of philosophic and scientific activity? END
START who were the two leaders of paris' philosophic movement? END
START rousseau argued for a society based on what, rather than faith? END
START which philosopher introduced the idea of a separation of powers in government? END
START montesquieu's ideas were enthusiastically adopted by the authors of what american document? END
START what was the most influential publication of the enlightenment? END
START the encyclopedie was comprised of how many volumes? END
START voltaire wrote letters on the english in what year? END
START when was rousseau's discourse on inequality published? END
START what year did the french revolution begin? END
START what was the name of the conservative group opposing the enlightenment? END
START the radical enlightenment was inspired by the philosophy of whom? END
START which enlightenment philosopher advocated democracy, individual liberty, freedom of expression, and eradication of religious authority? END
START which enlightenment philosophers sought accomodatin between reform and the traditional systems of power and faith? END
START who is credited with the concept of separating church and state? END
START which term describes john locke's movement to seperate church and state? END
START in what year was john locke born? END
START in what realm did john locke feel the government lacked authority? END
START according to thomas paine, what is the definition of deism? END
START which philosopher argued that atheists could indeed be moral men? END
START which philosopher argued that without belief in a god who punishes evil, the moral order of society was undermined? END
START who felt that since atheists gave themselves no supreme authority and no law, they were more likely to disrupt society? END
START whixh population groups were excluded from most institutions of the public sphere? END
START which two areas experienced criss-cross influences through noble and lower class participation? END
START marmontel contrasted "the opinion of men of letters" with what? END
START d'alembert contrasted the "truly enlightened public" with whom? END
START the increased consumption of what type of material was one of the key features of the "social" enlightenment? END
START developments in which revolution allowed consumer goods to be produced in greater quantities at lower prices? END
START in additional to rising populations and increased urbanisation, what else did commercial development increase the need for? END
START in what country did literacy rates double over the course of the 18th century? END
START the number of books about religion in paris from 1720 to 1780 dropped by what percentage? END
START whose incomes did public concerts help support? END
START handel gained considerable fame with performances of what two types of artistic work? END
START which two composers are usually regarded as being the most in line with the enlightenment ideals? END
START what style of music did haydn and mozart share? END
START what year was the academy of science in france founded? END
START members of what group were considered to be the "most useful of all citizens?" END
START what percentage of clerics were members of the academy of science? END
START the academy of science was only open to which societal group? END
START how did elite parisian scholars perceive themselves? END
START where were many of the leading universities associated with enlightenment progressive principles located? END
START which six universities were the most renowned in northern europe? END
START which university, especially, produced professors whose ideas had a significant impact on the colonies? END
START which of  france's universities was the exception and was hospitable to the enlightenment? END
START how can associationism be defined? END
START what was the predominant educational psychology from the 1750s onward? END
START children were taught to memorize facts through methods that originated during which time period? END
START what were the prime examples of reference works that systemasized scientific knowledge in the age oif enlightenment? END
START what was the goal of universal encyclopedias? END
START which universal encyclopedia began publication in 1751 and was composed of 35 volumes and over 71,000 seperate entries? END
START in what work is the goal to record the extent of human knowledge in the arts and sciences outlined? END
START who wrote the preliminary discourse to the encyclopedia of diderot? END
START anatomy, biology, geology, mineralogy, and zoology are all studies of which subject? END
START who criticized the sciences for distancing man from nature and not operating to make people happier? END
START who replaced universities as centres of scientific research and development during the enlightenment? END
START which century is considered by some as a "drab" period, however saw significant advancements in the practice of medicine, mathematics, and physics, the development of biological taxonomy, a new understanding of magnetism, and the maturation of chemistry as a discipline? END
START voltaire and emilie du chatelet populatized which scientific philosophy? END
START many enlightenment writers and thinkers had backgrounds in the sciences and associated scientific advancement with overthrow of religion and traditional authority in favor of what? END
START who discovered carbon dioxide or fixed air? END
START who created the argument for deep time? END
START who invented the steam engine? END
START who launched the first manned flight in a hot-air balloon in november 1783? END
START for which masterpiece did cesare beccaria become famous? END
START into how many languages was cesare beccaria's crimes and punishments (1764) translated? END
START which work established francesco mario pagano as an international authority on criminal law? END
START in what year did francesco mario pagano publish saggi politici? END
START what did contemporary sources claim was the purpose of the universiity in contrast to the societies? END
START contemporary sources considered societies functioned for what purpose in contrast to universities? END
START by what year were there over seventy official scientific societies? END
START who coined the term "the age of academies" to describe the 18th century? END
START the enlightenment is frequently linked to the french revolution of what year? END
START who delineated the "consent of the governed" in two treatises of government (1689)? END
START the "divine right of kings" was in direct conflict with which of locke's philosophies? END
START according to locke, the revolutions of the late 1700s and early 1800s were caused when what could not be resolved peacefully? END
START in what work did ferguson explain how humans advanced from a hunting and gathering society to a commercial and civil society without "signing" a social contract? END
START in what year did ferguson publish an essay on the history of civil society? END
START how many stages of progress did ferguson theorize? END
START who, along with adam ferguson, criticized the idea of social contract theorists? END
START what century produced the first russian univeristy, library, theatre, public museum, and independent press? END
START what did the russian enlightenment focus on instead of societal enlightenment? END
START from whom did catherine the great receive assistance in her enlightenment ideals via correspondence? END
START which philosopher believed that the enlightenment was ultimately born out of protestant reaction against the catholic counter-reformation? END
START where did betrand russell believe views such as affinity for democracy against monarachy originated from? END
START who does betrand russell started the schism that lead to the enlightenment? END
START how did alexis de tocqueville describe the french revolution? END
START which group was considered "a substitute aristocracy that was both all-powerful and without real power" according to tocqueville? END
START from where did tocqueville believe the illusory power of the men of letters came from? END
START which jewish philosopher referred to enlightenment as a process by which man was educated in the use of reason? END
START how did immanuel kant describe the enlightenment? END
START for whom was enlightenment mankind's final coming of age, the emancipation of the human consciousness from an immature state of ignorance?" END
START according to historian roy porter, what was the age of enlightenment trying to capture? END
START john locke, francis bacon, and isaac newton where considered the the greatest men who ever lived by which american colonist? END
START religious tolerance and the importance of individual conscience was particularly influential in the drafting of which american document? END
START whom, along with francis bacon and john locke, did thomas jefferson consider to be one of the three greatest men that ever lived? END
START from a historical standpoint, what was one of the most important features of the debating society? END
START were debates only open to certain economic classes, or could all attend? END
START what were some of the issues discussed in addition to debates on religion? END
START what aspect of the enlightenment did robert darnton and jurgen habermas focus on within the enlightenment? END
START how did habermas describe the public sphere? END
START the new venues and modes of communication allowing for rational exchange were given what term by habermas in 18th century europe? END
START what do jonathon israel claim caused the change that eventually led to the revolutions of the latter half of the 18th centure and early 19th century? END
START what does israel argue western civilization was based on until the 1650s? END
START jonathon israel rejects the notion that the revolutionary ideas were by products of what transformations? END
START what time period does johnathon israel focus on? END
START how was the public sphere defined? END
START during what centuries was the rise of the public sphere? END
START the argument of the public sphere was founded on what? END
START what term did habermas give to describe the areas of political/social knowledge and discussion that were previously exlusive territory of the state and religious authorities? END
START the values of the bourgeois public sphere included holding reason to the supreme, considering everything open to criticism, and the opposition of what? END
START book sellers and publishers had to negotiate censorship laws of varying strictness in what country, especially? END
START which work narrowly escaped seizure and had to be saved by malesherbes? END
START many publishing companies were located outside of which country to avoid overzealous censors? END
START readers were more interested in sensationalist stories about what topics than they were in political theory itself? END
START what was the term given to books that did not have a dominant motif and contained something to offend almost everyone in authority? END
START who helped the encyclopedie find its way into print using the french censorship law creatively? END
START the king and clement xii condemned which literary work? END
START what percentage of books borrowed in england, germany, and norath america were novels? END
START what percentage of books borrowed were of a religious nature in england, germany, and north america? END
START what did the republic of letters support? END
START once everyone was a part of what group did kant believe all of society would be enlightened? END
START who were two of the figures that participated in the republic of letters? END
START what did immanuel kant consider essential to his conception of the public sphere? END
START who called the journals the most influential cultural innovation of european intellectual culture? END
START to what did the journals shift attention of the cultivated public away from and towards novelty and innovation? END
START what enlightened ideas were promoted by the journals? END
START the journals were a source of knowledge derived from what topics? END
START how did dictionaries and encyclopedias change in the 18th century? END
START what movement were dictionaries and encyclopedias trying to promote? END
START how did the content of encyclopedias change in the 18th century? END
START encyclopedias in the 18th century tended to focus more strongly on what topics, rather than theology? END
START how was the encyclopedie arranged? END
START the rise of empiricism caused a division between which two subjects? END
START what was considered the trunk of the tree of knowledge? END
START which editions of the encyclopedie were less expensive and more accessible to the non-elite? END
START how many copies of the encyclopedie were estimated to be in circulation throughout france and europe before the french revolution? END
START which society in england also played a significant role in the public sphere and spread of enlightenment ideas? END
START in what year was the royal society of london given a royal charter? END
START whose method based knowledge on experiementation, which had to be witnessed? END
START who were considered more reliable witnesses than the oxfordshire peasants? END
START what two factors were taken into account in credibility in the royal society? END
START before the enlightenment, most intellectual debates revoled around what subject? END
START catholic, lutheran, reformed (calvinist), or anglican issues were called what? END
START during what time period did a "general process of rationalization and secularization set in"? END
START the aim of confessional debates was to establish which bloc of faith should have what? END
START according to german historian reinhart koselleck, which two social structures left a decisive imprint on the age of enlightenment? END
START which scottish professor believes that masons were not a major radical or reformist network in their own right? END
START historian margaret jacob stresses the importance of the masons in indirectly inspriting what type of thinking? END
START daniel roche claims that masonry promoted what idea by only attracting men of similar social background? END
START the presence of whom in the french "lodges of adoption" formed in the 1780s was die to the close ties shared with aristocratic society? END
START what ordering scheme did readers prefer? END
START who believed the avoidance of thematic and heirarhical systems allowed free interpretation of the works and caused them to beomce an example of eglitarianism? END
START why did encyclopedias and dictionaries become more popular during the age of reason? END
START how many dictionaries and encyclopedias were published between 1760 and 1769? END
START how many dictionaries and encyclopedias were published in the decade preceding the french revolution? END
START what caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the enlightenment era? END
START instead of paying more for food, on what did people spend their money? END
START which ideal endeavoured to make information available to the greatest number of people? END
START who wrote the celebrated philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica? END
START which work of isaac newton was published in latin and remained inaccessible to readers without education until enlightenment writers began to translate and analyze it in the vernacular? END
START who attached a game & watch d-pad to the famicom prototype? END
START what was installed on the front of the console so the joystick could be used? END
START why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with no connectors? END
START where were the game pad controllers copied from? END
START  who attached a game & watch c-pad to the famicom prototype? END
START what was installed on the front of the console so the joystick couldn't be used? END
START why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with multiple connectors? END
START  where were the game pad controllers not copied from? END
START what was the abbreviation for nintendo entertainment system? END
START what day did nintendo unveil the new systems? END
START where did nintendo start unveiling the new systems? END
START what was the name of the convention where nintendo unveiled its american version of the famicom? END
START what was the abbreviation for nintendo nonentertainment system? END
START  what day did nintendo not unveil the new systems? END
START  where did nintendo stop unveiling the new systems? END
START what was the name of the convention where nintendo unveiled its american version of the pamicom? END
START in june 1989 who was nintendo of america's vice president of marketing? END
START in 1990, what percentage of american households owned an nes? END
START what was the slogan for the nintendo brand? END
START what outsold the nes in europe and south america? END
START where was nintendo not available? END
START in june 1987 who was nintendo of america's vice president of marketing? END
START  in 1990, what percentage of american households owned a snes? END
START  what wasn't the slogan for the nintendo brand? END
START  what outsold the nes in europe and south africa? END
START  where was nintendo always available? END
START which cartridges were shaped slightly differently? END
START which interface did the nes use? END
START which interface did famicom use? END
START various companies in japan did what to their games for certain specifics? END
START which cartridges weren't shaped slightly differently? END
START  which interface did the snes use? END
START  which interface did famicom not use? END
START various companies in china did what to their games for certain specifics? END
START with the nes at its end, which competing consoles with less strict licensing terms were supported? END
START who was an example of a 3rd party publisher? END
START nintendo relied primarily on what for its support? END
START rivals in what self-identified era enjoyed much stronger 3rd party support? END
START with the nes at its end, which competing consoles with more strict licensing terms were supported? END
START  who was an example of a 2nd party publisher? END
START  nintendo didn't rely primarily on what for its support? END
START rivals in what self-identified era enjoyed much stronger 2nd party support? END
START who caused nintendo to take formal action regarding rentals? END
START according to nintendo what was the danger in renting games? END
START blockbuster was banned from including what with their games? END
START what did blockbuster do instead of use copyrighted instruction booklets? END
START  who caused nintendo to take informal action regarding rentals? END
START  according to nintendo what wasn't the danger in renting games? END
START  blockbuster wasn't banned from including what with their games? END
START what did blockbuster do along with use copyrighted instruction booklets? END
START which company distributed the nes to the uk, italy, and australia? END
START when did nintendo take over european distribution? END
START which three countries share the pal a region? END
START what two versions of the nes were released in the uk, italy, and australia? END
START which company didn't distribute the nes to the uk, italy, and australia? END
START  when did nintendo take over asian distribution? END
START  which three countries share the pal b region? END
START what two versions of the nes were released in the uk, france, and spain? END
START what were the two turbo controllers nintendo made for the nes? END
START what did the turbo feature allow players to do? END
START which controller had a non-adjustable turbo feature? END
START which two accessories were featured in the movie the wizard? END
START the nes max also did not feature what? END
START  what were the third turbo controllers nintendo made for the nes? END
START  what did the turbo feature not allow players to do? END
START  which controller had a adjustable turbo feature? END
START  which three accessories were featured in the movie the wizard? END
START  the snes max also did not feature what? END
START what year did nintendo release the famicom disk system? END
START where could the disks for the game be obtained? END
START how were the disks purchased? END
START what were the storage disks used for? END
START what was the total capacity of a disk? END
START what year did atari release the famicom disk system? END
START  where could the disks for the game not be obtained? END
START  how were the disks sold? END
START  what weren't the storage disks used for? END
START  what was half of the total capacity of a disk? END
START when was the system originally supposed to be released? END
START retailers in what test area reported a miserable failure of sales? END
START when was the second time nintendo test marketed the nes? END
START when was the nationwide release of the nes? END
START  when was the system originally not supposed to be released? END
START  retailers in what test area reported a success of sales? END
START  when was the first time nintendo test marketed the nes? END
START  when was the non-nationwide release of the nes? END
START where was the system released to two separate marketing areas? END
START one region comprised the entirety of mainland europe save for which country? END
START who released cartridges in mainland europe? END
START who handled distribution in the other region? END
START when did the european brance finally directly distribute throughout europe? END
START  where was the system released to three separate marketing areas? END
START  one region comprised the entirety of mainland asia save for which country? END
START who released cartridges in mainland asia? END
START  who didn't handle distribution in the other region? END
START  when did the european brance finally directly redistribute throughout europe? END
START which example of a system started to mark the end of the nes dominance? END
START when did the demand for new nes software dry up? END
START what was the final famicom game released in north america? END
START what year did nintendo officially discontinue the nes? END
START how late did nintendo continue to repair famicom units? END
START which example of a system started to mark the end of the snes dominance? END
START  when did the demand for new nes software get boosted? END
START  what was the first famicom game released in north america? END
START  what year did nintendo officially discontinue the snes? END
START  how late did nintendo continue to repair nonfamicom units? END
START who did atari attempt to force ceasing production of games for its system? END
START nintendo actively encouraged  the involvement of what? END
START nintendo's measures for third party game developers were also adopted by which later manufacturers? END
START who didn't atari attempt to force ceasing production of games for its system? END
START  nintendo actively discouraged the involvement of what? END
START  nintendo's measures for third party game developers weren't adopted by which later manufacturers? END
START companies did what in an effort to circumvent nintendo's console authentication? END
START why did the companies circumvent the authentication system? END
START where did unlicensed games feature a dongle? END
START what did nintendo do to curb unlicensed game sales? END
START companies didn't do what in an effort to circumvent nintendo's console authentication? END
START  why didn't the companies circumvent the authentication system? END
START  where didn't unlicensed games feature a dongle? END
START  what did nintendo do to curb licensed game sales? END
START what is the abbreviation of nintendo entertainment system? END
START what was it called in japan? END
START when was the family computer (famicom) released in japan? END
START when was it released in australia? END
START what succeeded the famicom? END
START what is the abbreviation of mintendo entertainment system? END
START  what was it called in china? END
START  when was the family computer (famicom) released in china? END
START  when was it released in africa? END
START  what preceded the famicom? END
START what was the console's most common problem? END
START the 10nes would reset the system how often? END
START what disrupted the communication as well? END
START what was one example of what users did to combat the blinking problem? END
START when did nintendo release a cleaning kit? END
START what wasn't the console's most common problem? END
START  the 10nes wouldn't reset the system how often? END
START  what didn't disrupt the communication as well? END
START  what wasn't one example of what users did to combat the blinking problem? END
START  when didn't nintendo release a cleaning kit? END
START how many units of the famicom were sold in japan by the beginning of 1985? END
START what was this system to be called in north america? END
START what magazine stated that nintendo could be errant in their anticipated product success? END
START how many units of the famicom were sold in china by the beginning of 1985? END
START  what was this system to be called in south america? END
START what magazine stated that nintendo couldn't be errant in their anticipated product success? END
START which console featured a top-loading design? END
START the design of what was modified slightly? END
START the original design of the controller was what shape? END
START what was the new design shape of the controller? END
START how long were standard nes controller cables? END
START which console featured a bottom-loading design? END
START  the design of what wasn't modified slightly? END
START  the unoriginal design of the controller was what shape? END
START  what was the new design shape of the old controller? END
START  how long were nonstandard nes controller cables? END
START what year did nintendo's market surpass all computer software? END
START who reported that nintendo sold 7 million nes systems? END
START when did compute! report the number of systems sold at 7 million? END
START the 7 million sold almost equated to which console's five year span? END
START what year did nintendo's market not surpass all computer software? END
START  who reported that nintendo sold 9 million nes systems? END
START when did compute! report the number of systems sold at 9 million? END
START the 7 million sold almost equated to which console's six year span? END
START nintendo charged producers hefty sums to make what? END
START what did companies do instead of making fds games? END
START many fds disks lack what? END
START what broke frequently and needed replacement in the machine? END
START how long did nintendo service drives and offer replacement disks? END
START nintendo didn't charge producers hefty sums to make what? END
START  what did companies do while making fds games? END
START  many fds disks had what? END
START  what broke infrequently and needed replacement in the machine? END
START  how long did atari service drives and offer replacement disks? END
START which company produced the twin famicom and the 19sc111 tv? END
START what was compatible with famicom cartridges and fds systems? END
START hyundai licensed the sharp 19sc111 tv with what name in south korea? END
START until how long did south korea ban japanese cultural products? END
START how could japanese products only enter south korea? END
START which company produced the duo famicom and the 19sc111 tv? END
START  what was compatible with famicom cartridges and ids systems? END
START  hyundai licensed the sharp 19sc111 dvd with what name in south korea? END
START the zelda games were manufactured in what color cartridge? END
START what is the standard color of all other cartridges? END
START what color were cartridges produced by nintendo for internal use? END
START what was distinctly made by nintendo, konami, and acclaim? END
START what was the opening lyric from the duck tales theme show? END
START the zelda games weren't manufactured in what color cartridge? END
START  what wasn't the standard color of all other cartridges? END
START  what color were cartridges produced by nintendo for external use? END
START  what wasn't distinctly made by nintendo, konami, and acclaim? END
START  what was the closing lyric from the duck tales theme show? END
START what was nintendo accused of? END
START why was nintendo accused of antitrust behavior? END
START who began probing nintendo's business? END
START who interviewed retailers as part of their investigation? END
START how much were the vouchers worth that nintendo sent out? END
START what wasn't nintendo accused of? END
START  why wasn't nintendo accused of antitrust behavior? END
START  who didn't probe nintendo's business? END
START  who didn't interview retailers as part of their investigation? END
START  how much were the vouchers worth that nintendo didn't send out? END
START what was the first nes emulator? END
START what was the first english available emulator? END
START when was nesticle released? END
START what platform was nesticle available for use? END
START what wasn't the first nes emulator? END
START  what was the first spanish available emulator? END
START  when was nesticle halted? END
START  what platform was nesticle unavailable for use? END
START what did the famicom sorely lack? END
START what was the lockout chip number for the usa and canada? END
START what was the lockout chip number for most of europe, save the uk and italy? END
START what was the lockout chip number for asia? END
START what was the lockout chip number for uk, italy, and australia? END
START what did the famicom not lack? END
START  what was the lockout chip number for the uk and canada? END
START what wasn't the lockout chip number for most of asia, save the uk and italy? END
START  what was the lockout chip number for south africa? END
START who designed the famicom system? END
START the plans called for how many bits as a feature? END
START who was the nintendo president at the time? END
START when was the test model constructed? END
START early famicom games were written on what computer system? END
START  who designed the pamicom system? END
START  the first plans called for how many bits as a feature? END
START  who was the nintendo vice president at the time? END
START  when was the test model destroyed? END
START  early famicom games weren't written on what computer system? END
START what was the light gun controller called? END
START what was the name of the auxiliary port used to connect additional devices on the famicom? END
START how were the special controllers connected to the nes? END
START what was the dark gun controller called? END
START what was the name of the auxiliary port used to not connect additional devices on the famicom? END
START  how were the special controllers disconnected to the nes? END
START what year did the video game market crash? END
START the crash was caused in part by the confusion and misrepresentation of what in video games? END
START what specifically was misrepresented on game products? END
START nintendo's marketing strategy aimed at what aspect of the consumer via realism? END
START  what year did the video game market boom? END
START  the crash wasn't caused in part by the confusion and misrepresentation of what in video games? END
START  what specifically was represented on game products? END
START  nintendo's marketing strategy wasn't aimed at what aspect of the consumer via realism? END
START how much did the deluxe nes sell for? END
START how much was the selling price equivalent to in today's money? END
START how much did the console sell for bundled with just the super mario bros. game? END
START super mario bros was paired with which game in the action set? END
START the basic set sold for how much at release? END
START  how much did the deluxe snes sell for? END
START  how much was the selling price equivalent to in 2018 money? END
START how much did the console sell for bundled with just the luigi bros. game? END
START  super luigi bros was paired with which game in the action set? END
START  the big set sold for how much at release? END
START what thrived after the nes was discontinued? END
START what feature does the pocketfami have? END
START the nes was duplicated on which medium in order to make clones easy to produce? END
START what thrived after the snes was discontinued? END
START what feature doesn't the pocketfami have? END
START the nes was duplicated on which medium in order to make non-clones easy to produce? END
START nintendo produced toys and what other item before its game system? END
START nintendo's era was compared with who as another video game manufacturer? END
START nintendo required what from its software developers? END
START what did licensing lead to regarding games? END
START nintendo didn't produce toys and what other item before its game system? END
START  nintendo's era was compared with who as another non-video game manufacturer? END
START  nintendo didn't require what from its software developers? END
START  what did no licensing lead to regarding games? END
START atari created nes products under which name? END
START what did nintendo sue tengen for? END
START tengen reverse engineered the lockout chip to develop what animal monikered prototype? END
START tengen got a description of nintendo's chip from whom? END
START atari created snes products under which name? END
START  what didn't nintendo sue tengen for? END
START tengen reverse engineered the lockout chip to not develop what animal monikered prototype? END
START  tengen didn't get a description of nintendo's chip from whom? END
START what month and year did the famicom receive a redesign? END
START what used composite video output? END
START what device was rf only? END
START what was the newer model called? END
START what did nintendo release in japan only? END
START what month and year did the famicom get designed? END
START  what used composite video input? END
START what device was hd only? END
START  what was the older model called? END
START  what did nintendo release in china only? END
START who developed nintendo's ppu? END
START how many kb of video ram did the ppu have? END
START the system has how many colors available on it? END
START how many grays could be used as well? END
START what is the standard display resolution of the nes? END
START who developed nintendo's spu? END
START  how many mb of video ram did the ppu have? END
START  the system didn't have how many colors available on it? END
START  how many blacks could be used as well? END
START  what is not the standard display resolution of the nes? END
START nintendo agreed with atari to release the famicom under what name? END
START when was the summer consumer electronics show held? END
START which company was illegally demonstrating a nintendo game? END
START what was the name of the fired atari ceo? END
START nintendo agreed with patari to release the famicom under what name? END
START  when was the summer consumer electronics show rejected? END
START  which company was legally demonstrating a nintendo game? END
START what was the name of the new atari ceo? END
START what was nintendo's euphemism for "video game system?" END
START what did nintendo use instead of the word console? END
START what was the term used by nintendo instead of "video games?" END
START what was printed on all licensed games and accessories by nintendo? END
START the seal of quality took on what eventual name? END
START what was nintendo's non-euphemism for "video game system?" END
START  what didn't nintendo use instead of the word console? END
START  what was the term used by nintendo instead of "games?" END
START what was printed on all unlicensed games and accessories by nintendo? END
START  the seal of quality didn't take on what eventual name? END
START how were the famicom controllers attached to the console? END
START the second famicom controller lacked start and what other button? END
START what did the second famicom controller have as a unique feature? END
START what shape were the a and b buttons on the earliest famicom controllers? END
START what shape did the a and b buttons eventually become? END
START how were the famicom controllers unattached to the console? END
START the second famicom controller lacked begin and what other button? END
START  what did the third famicom controller have as a unique feature? END
START  what shape were the d and e buttons on the earliest famicom controllers? END
START  what shape did the e and f buttons eventually become? END
START when did sega finally permit third-party publishing? END
START what was the name of the 1st company sega permitted? END
START nintendo was the sole manufacturer of what component for third-party developers? END
START as cartridges couldn't be returned to nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what? END
START what year was there a shortage of dram and rom chips? END
START  when did sega finally permit fourth-party publishing? END
START  what was the name of the 2nd company sega permitted? END
START nintendo wasn't the sole manufacturer of what component for third-party developers? END
START as cartridges could be returned to nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what? END
START  what year wasn't there a shortage of dram and rom chips? END
START what does zif stand for? END
START the zif insertion used by nintendo was set to emulate what device? END
START the force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device over eventual use? END
START what material were the connector springs made of? END
START what material comprised the game cartridge connectors? END
START  what does zid stand for? END
START the zid insertion used by nintendo was set to emulate what device? END
START  the force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device without eventual use? END
START  what material weren't the early connector springs made of? END
START  what material didn't comprise the game cartridge connectors? END
START to address the shoddy hardware, what popped up across the united states? END
START what did the repair centers promise? END
START what was done to have the privilege of working on an nes for repair? END
START to address the shoddy hardware, what popped up across the uk? END
START  what did the repair centers not promise? END
START what was done to have the privilege of working on an snes for repair? END
START the hvc-001 featured which kind of mod output? END
START the hvc-101 lost the rf and adopted which output for use in north america and europe? END
START the super nes had how many pins in its proprietary connector? END
START the re-released nes-101 model in north america went back to what perceived primitive output? END
START the hvc-001 featured which kind of mod input? END
START the hvc-101 lost the rf and adopted which input for use in north america and europe? END
START  the super nes had how many pins in its non-proprietary connector? END
START the re-released nes-101 model in south america went back to what perceived primitive output? END
START how many pins did the controller ports have on the nes? END
START unlike the famicom, the nes controllers possessed what consistent feature? END
START the second controller possessed the start and select buttons as what other device? END
START what did the legend of zelda require in certain instances to kill enemies? END
START how many pins did the controller ports have on the snes? END
START unlike the famicom, the snes controllers possessed what consistent feature? END
START the second controller possessed the on and off buttons as what other device? END
START what did the legend of link require in certain instances to kill enemies? END
START what was the name of the nes clone produced in taiwan? END
START where was the dendy sold? END
START which country marketed a clone called "family game?" END
START what was the name of the clone in poland? END
START india's first gaming console was also a clone, called what? END
START  what was the name of the snes clone produced in taiwan? END
START where was the nendy sold? END
START  which country marketed an anti-clone called "family game?" END
START what was the name of the clone in france? END
START  france's first gaming console was also a clone, called what? END
START how much does the nes unit weigh in pounds? END
START how large was the typical television recommended for the device? END
START where was the television meant to be placed? END
START what's the name of the feature on the front of the front of the nes test device? END
START how much does the snes unit weigh in pounds? END
START  how small was the typical television recommended for the device? END
START  where was the dvd player meant to be placed? END
START what's the name of the feature on the front of the front of the snes test device? END
START who was the twentieth bishop of alexandria? END
START what was one nickname for saint athanasius of alexandria? END
START for how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria a bishop? END
START how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria in exile? END
START when did saint athanasius die? END
START what name is saint athanasius also known as? END
START of what city was he bishop? END
START how long did his episcopate last? END
START what is another name that saint athanasius is know as? END
START how old was saint athanasius of alexandria when he became known as the chief defender of trinitarianism against arianism? END
START during what years was saint athanasius of alexandria exiled? END
START what city was saint athanasius of alexandria exiled to? END
START how many times has saint athanasius of alexandria been to egypt? END
START what year was saint athanasius of alexandria named athanasius the great? END
START who was the thirteenth bishop of alexandria? END
START  what was not a nickname for saint athanasius of alexandria? END
START  for how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria a pope? END
START  how many years was saint athanasius of alexandria in freedom? END
START of what city was he not a bishop? END
START in what year was athanasius consecrated? END
START how old was athanasius when he became the patriarch of alexandria? END
START did athanasius want to be the patriarch of alexandria? END
START did the people want athanasius as their bishop? END
START how long after the council of nice did saint athanasius die? END
START was saint athanasius willing or unwilling to fill the vacancy? END
START in what year was he consecrated? END
START how old was he when he was consecrated? END
START in what year was athanasius not consecrated? END
START how old was athanasius when he became the pope of alexandria? END
START  did athanasius want to be the saint of alexandria? END
START  how long after the council of nice was saint athanasius born? END
START where did athanasius remain for 6 years while living as a monk? END
START what is name of one of the compositions composed by athanasius while he lived as a monk? END
START who took over after athanasius? END
START who influenced george of cappadocia to become the new ruler? END
START who was appointed to rule the see of alexandria? END
START to where did saint athanasius withdraw? END
START how long did he spend in the desert? END
START what is one thing he wrote during this time? END
START who influenced the appointment of george of cappadocia? END
START who wrote "gratitude for his flight"? END
START who wrote "future of the arians"? END
START who wrote "gratitude to constantius"? END
START who succeeded emperor constantius? END
START who succeeded george of cappadocia? END
START in what year did athanasius return to his episcopal capitol? END
START in what year did emperor constantius die? END
START how did george of cappadocia die in prison? END
START were the arians united in their oppostion? END
START who succeeded the emperor constantius? END
START what happened to the usurping bishop, george? END
START who then succeeded george? END
START when did athanasius re-enter the capitol? END
START  who preceded emperor constantius? END
START who preceded george of cappadocia? END
START in what year was emperor constantius born? END
START  how did george of cappadocia die outside of prison? END
START what party benefited from the accession of valens? END
START valens issued a decree banishing the bishops that were deposed by who? END
START what saint fled from alexandria on 5 october to a country house outside alexandria? END
START valens' banishment of athanasius created the greatest consternation in what city? END
START what did the decree of valens do? END
START when the people in the city were concerned about athanasius, what did the prefect do?  END
START what did  athanasius do to protect himself? END
START how did valens get him to return? END
START  what party didn't benefit from the accession of valens? END
START valens didn't issue a decree banishing the bishops that were deposed by who? END
START what happened on october 4? END
START what did the decree of valens not do? END
START who wrote the biography entitled life of antony? END
START life of antony played an important role in the spreading of ascetic ideals in what religion? END
START the biography, life of antony, also resembles of the life of who? END
START the so-called athanasian creed draws upon the phraseology of what? END
START about whom did he write his most widely-read work? END
START why was this work considered to be important? END
START how did he depict anthony? END
START whose life did anthony's resemble? END
START what does the athanasian creed draw upon? END
START who wrote the autobiography entitled life of antony? END
START life of antony played an unimportant role in the spreading of ascetic ideals in what religion? END
START  the biography, life of antony, also resembles of the life of what religion? END
START  about whom did he write his least widely-read work? END
START athanasius began his leading role at what age? END
START in what year was the first council of nicaea? END
START athanasius was also known as what? END
START how many years after the first council of nicaea did athanasius become archbishop? END
START who is one emporer athanasius struggled against? END
START what conflict shaped his career? END
START why was the first council of nicaea convened? END
START because of his conflicts with the emperors, how was he known? END
START whose position was it that jesus was the son of god? END
START what year did athanasius become a roman emperor? END
START what year did constantine meet athanasius? END
START how old was constantine when he was crowned emperor? END
START in what year did the first council of nicaea end? END
START how many years did the first council of nicaea last? END
START athanasius ended his leading role at what age? END
START  in what year was the last council of nicaea? END
START  athanasius was never known as what? END
START how many years after the first council of nicaea did athanasius become pope? END
START  what peaceful protest shaped his career? END
START as a child, athanasius imitated what ritual? END
START were the pretend baptisms real? END
START why was athanasius instructed to stop pretend baptising? END
START what work did the bishop suggest for athanasius? END
START when rufinus stood by a window what did he witness? END
START who did bishop alexander baptize? END
START who told rufinus that the baptisms were genuine? END
START what was rufinus' career? END
START as an adult, athanasius imitated what ritual? END
START  why was athanasius ordered to continue baptising? END
START  what school did the bishop suggest for athanasius? END
START where was persecution of christianity the worst? END
START in what year was peter of alexandria martyred? END
START who could have been one of athanasius's teachers? END
START what suggests that athanasius was familiar with ancient greek philosophers? END
START what famous greek author did athanasius  quote? END
START where was athanasius martyred? END
START when was homer martyred? END
START when did athanasius meet plato? END
START when did athanasius attend the school of alexandria? END
START where was persecution of christianity the best? END
START  in what year was peter of alexandria born? END
START who could have been one of athanasius's students? END
START  what suggests that athanasius was unfamiliar with ancient greek philosophers? END
START  what famous italian author did athanasius quote? END
START what made arius's belief about jesus different from alexander's? END
START was this differing view common among christians of the day? END
START what other leaders believed this? END
START what eventually happened to arius? END
START when did athanasius become a deacon? END
START when did arius become a deacon? END
START where was arius born? END
START when did athanasius become a bishop? END
START where did origen meet athanasius? END
START what made arius's belief about jesus the same from alexander's? END
START  what other leaders did not believe this? END
START who was communicated by alexander? END
START who did athanasius succeed? END
START how many exiles did he endure? END
START the churches of what countries were in his territory? END
START was he united with the arians in his beliefs? END
START who did athanasius proceed? END
START  how many exiles did he evade? END
START  the churches of what countries were in not his territory? END
START who did he agree with in his beliefs? END
START where is gaul currently located? END
START with whom did athanasius travel to sardica? END
START about what did the council of the church question athanasius? END
START was athanasius permitted admission to the council? END
START what was the verdict at the council of sardica? END
START where is gaul not currently located? END
START  with whom did athanasius travel to africa? END
START  about what did the council of the church question julius? END
START who was found guilty? END
START in what year did pope julius die? END
START did liberius sympathize with athanasius? END
START what was the outcome of the council of milan? END
START what was  athanasius doing when he was arrested? END
START where the men armed who arrested him? END
START in what year was pope julius born? END
START what wasn't the outcome of the council of milan? END
START who was arrested by unarmed men? END
START what happened in 368? END
START who had a policy of condemning athanasius? END
START what was athanasius doing the next time an arrest was attempted? END
START where did athanasius flee to after this attempt? END
START what did he write during this time? END
START in which work did he refer to constantius as a precursor of the antichrist? END
START  who had a policy of agreeing with athanasius? END
START what was athanasius doing the first time an arrest was attempted? END
START  where did athanasius flee to before this attempt? END
START  what did he paint during this time? END
START where did bishops of the west meet? END
START what did the arians agree upon at sirmium? END
START what was the belief that was approved at this council? END
START what did the orthodox leaders believe? END
START what belief was accepted by constantius? END
START  where did bishops of the east meet? END
START what did the arians disagree upon at sirmium? END
START  what was the belief that was disproved at this council? END
START  what did the orthodox leaders not believe? END
START  what belief was not accepted by constantius? END
START who was jealous of athanasius's influence? END
START what position did ecdicius hold? END
START what did julian try to do to athanasius? END
START did athanasius tell the people to protest? END
START did he think he would be gone a long time? END
START who wasn't jealous of athanasius's influence? END
START  what position did ecdicius reject? END
START what did athanasius not tell the people? END
START when did he write his first works on orthodox christianity? END
START which of the two first works addresses pagan practices? END
START how did he believe jesus came into the world? END
START which of his works addresses redemption and the son of god? END
START  when did he write his last works on orthodox christianity? END
START  which of the last works addresses pagan practices? END
START  how did he not believe jesus came into the world? END
START  which of his works did not address redemption and the son of god? END
START what did he do when he thought he might be made bishop? END
START who did the catholics of alexandria want as their bishop? END
START was there someone else that was preferred as bishop? END
START when did alexander ask to see athanasius?  END
START  what did he do when he thought he might be fired from being bishop? END
START  who didn't the catholics of alexandria want as their bishop? END
START  when did athanasius ask to see alexander? END
START was athanasius well liked by everyone? END
START what was he accused of doing to a church? END
START he was accused of selling grain for what reason? END
START what did he call his detractors? END
START what did the term arian mean to him? END
START who liked athanasius? END
START  what was he accused of doing to a mosque? END
START  what did he not call his detractors? END
START  what did the term arian not mean to him? END
START what was he known as soon after he died? END
START how does the eastern orthodox church refer to him? END
START what do the protestants call him? END
START what is his feast day in western christianity? END
START what day is he celebrated in the eastern orthodox church? END
START on what day did gregory of nazianzus call athanasius the "pillar of the church"? END
START when was gregory of nazianzus counted as one of the four great eastern doctors of the church in the roman catholic church? END
START what is gregory of nazianzus feast day in the coptic orthodox church? END
START what is gregory of nazianzus feast day in western christianity? END
START what is gregory of nazianzus feast day in the other eastern orthodox churches? END
START what was he known as soon after he was born? END
START how does the eastern orthodox church never refer to him? END
START  what do the catholics call him? END
START  what is his feast day in northern christianity? END
START what day is he celebrated in the southern orthodox church? END
START what was alexandria known for? END
START was the famous school in alexandria religious only? END
START did only christians attend the school? END
START was alexandria welcoming to other cultures? END
START what was rome known for? END
START what was the name of the city where athanasius went to catechetical school? END
START where did athanasius meet pagans? END
START where were the pagans from? END
START what was alexandria not known for? END
START what epitomized the ethnically uniform world? END
START what famous event happened in 303? END
START what writing mentions the arian accusation that athanasius was under aged? END
START at what age was a man eligible to be ordained at patriarch of alexandria? END
START when was cornelius clifford born? END
START what year did cornelius clifford attend the maximian persecution? END
START when was cornelius clifford ordained as patriarch of alexandria? END
START what church does cornelius clifford belong to? END
START how old was cornelius clifford when he joined the orthodox church? END
START what famous event happened in 305? END
START what writing denies that the arian accusation that athanasius was under aged? END
START at what age was a woman eligible to be ordained at patriarch of alexandria? END
START what is the age of 20 called? END
START did the followers of meletius obey the guidelines of nicaea? END
START what was athanasius accused of planning against the arians? END
START what was the verdict of the accusation? END
START what was his punishment? END
START who was he accused of harming? END
START who did obey the guidelines of nicaea? END
START who claimed constantinople would cut off grain supplies? END
START constantinople was afraid they wouldn't receive grains from whom? END
START what exile is in modern day france? END
START did athanasius speak greek? END
START did he understand hebrew? END
START did he know all of the old testament? END
START what did students learn in the school in alexandria? END
START what translation of the old testament did he study? END
START what is the name of the school where athanasius learned hebrew? END
START where did athanasius obtain a septuagint from? END
START where did athanasius obtain a hebrew septuagint from? END
START what letter did athanasius write in hebrew? END
START what part of the old testament did he not know? END
START  what did teachers learn in the school in alexandria? END
START what copy of the scriptures did he have in exile? END
START what was not a characteristic of the school? END
START who did he have to thank for his ability to come back to alexandria in 345? END
START were the people glad to have him home? END
START in what writing did he recount his time in exiles? END
START what happened when constans died? END
START did the new emperor agree or disagree with the arians? END
START who was not thanked for letting him back in alexandria? END
START what happened in 346? END
START when did the uncivil war happen? END
START when was constan born? END
START what did athanasius do to avoid speaking to alexander on his deathbed? END
START who did the alexandrian people want to be their bishop? END
START did the bishops have someone else in mind? END
START who did alexander ask for when he was dieing? END
START what did athanasius do to avoid speaking to alexander at lunch? END
START  who did the alexandrian people want to be their pope? END
START who did the bishops want to be their bishop? END
START  who did alexander deny talking to when he was dying? END
START how much warning was liberius given before his exile? END
START where did liberius go? END
START did bribery work in convincing liberius to believe the arians? END
START who tried to bribe liberius? END
START what did liberius have to promise to do in order to return? END
START how much warning was liberius given before his freedom? END
START what happened in 355? END
START  where did liberius come from? END
START  who tried to convince liberius? END
START at what point could athanasius return to alexandria? END
START who provided for his protection while he was in rome? END
START who became patriarch in alexandria while athanasius was away? END
START how did the people of alexandria know when to celebrate easter? END
START who declared athanasius to be exiled again? END
START  at what point could athanasius leave alexandria? END
START  who provided for his judgement while he was in rome? END
START  who became patriarch in alexandria while athanasius was present? END
START  who declared athanasius to be freed again? END
START why did the bishops condemn athanasius? END
START did the pope agree with this order? END
START did the emperor agree to a new trial for athanasius? END
START what oath did the bishops have to take at the trial? END
START what happened to the bishops who did not take the oath? END
START why didn't the bishops condemn athanasius? END
START who agreed with the order? END
START who did not consent to a new trial? END
START what oath was not taken at the trial? END
START what happened to bishop george? END
START what happened to bishop leaders who did not agree with the doctrine? END
START when did athanasius return to his position as patriarch? END
START who joined him when he formed a council to encourage unity among christians? END
START what happened in 362? END
START what happened to bishop leaders who agreed with the doctrine? END
START  when did athanasius return to his position as pope? END
START who left him when he formed a council to encourage unity among christians? END
START what christian beliefs did emperor valens adhere to? END
START where did athanasius during his latest exile? END
START for how long was he exiled this time? END
START where did he hide during this time? END
START who convinced valens to let him return to alexandria? END
START what catholic beliefs did emperor valens adhere to? END
START  where did athanasius go during his first exile? END
START how many years was he exiled? END
START  who didn't convince valens to let him return to alexandria? END
START who standardized the books of the new testament? END
START what books were used before his decision to standardize? END
START how many books are listed that should be included but were not? END
START how many books are in the new testament? END
START have those books changed over time? END
START who standardized the books of the old testament? END
START what books were used after his decision to standardize? END
START  how many books are listed that shouldn't be included? END
START  how many books are in the old testament? END
START did athanasius feel that it was important to believe that jesus was the son of god? END
START did his place more value on his faith or where he was living? END
START did he think that the people that had exiled him were true believers? END
START where did athanasius think faith resides? END
START who was the festal letter written for? END
START what did athanasius feel was optional? END
START  where didn't athanasius think faith resides? END
START  who was the festal book written for? END
START how did the people  know that alexander had chosen athanasius as his successor? END
START how old was athanasius when he was chosen as patriarch? END
START who came to alexandria to confirm the choice? END
START did all the people want him as patriarch? END
START how long after the council of nicae did alexander die? END
START how did the people know that alexander had chosen athanasius as his predecesor? END
START  how old was athanasius when he was chosen as pope? END
START  how long after the council of nicae was alexander born? END
START which of the gospels most agrees with athanasius? END
START what does this gospel show that athanasius also believed? END
START why is the gospel of john said at the end of catholic mass? END
START where was this gospel said? END
START when are different gospels said? END
START  which of the gospels most disagrees with athanasius? END
START  what does this gospel show that athanasius also didn't believe? END
START  why is the gospel of john said at the end of christian mass? END
START  where was this gospel never said? END
START did all arians believe the same things? END
START were arians also origenists? END
START did the bishops consider themselves arians? END
START what did the council of nicaea decide about arianism? END
START did arians have one set of beliefs? END
START what party was monolithic? END
START what did homoousian bishops disagree with? END
START what council wasn't used as proof? END
START to what golden event was seattle the portal? END
START in what area was the klondike gold rush located? END
START what was seattle's first primary money maker? END
START what was the airplane company that helped seattle return to economic stability?  END
START which large technology giant established its home base in seattle? END
START of which washington county is seattle the center? END
START by 2015 what was seattle's population? END
START by what time was seattle the most rapidly growing city in the us? END
START how far away is the canadian border from seattle? END
START what is seattle's ranking in north america in terms of container processing?  END
START what group of settlers established a site at pioneer square? END
START by what name did charles terry and john low first name their settlement? END
START what was the chinook enhanced name of terry and low's settlement? END
START what site was eventually abandoned when the settlers moved back in with denny? END
START when was new york alki established? END
START at what date did the name seattle first appear on official papers? END
START when were the first land allocations made in seattle? END
START at what date was seattle incorporated as a town? END
START what type of governing body did seattle have in 1869? END
START what famous indian appears on the seal of seattle? END
START what was the industry source that produced seattle's first financial vigor? END
START what name was given to the street yesler way? END
START after yesler way fell into ill refute, what was the term generally used for this type of decline? END
START what events occurred in 1885-1886 due to racial disputes? END
START what percentage of the seattle population was asian in 1900? END
START after lumbering, what was seattle's second big economic boom? END
START what event ended the gold rush? END
START what was the start of the depression that stopped the gold rush? END
START for whom was seattle the main port of supply ? END
START what company did james e. casey found in 1907 with a borrowed $100? END
START during wwii what company added substantially to seattle's economy? END
START what national event during wwii left seattle without japanese businessmen? END
START in what facet of the economy did boeing excel? END
START how did seattle celebrate its economic rise in 1962? END
START what company's downturn drastically effected seattle's economy? END
START what type of theater did alexander pantages start in seattle? END
START when did pantages open his movie houses? END
START who was pantages competitor in the theater business? END
START who was the architect who built a number of theaters in the seattle area? END
START which of seattle's famous, and still extant,  theaters did priteca disign? END
START when did boeing move its headquarters to chicago? END
START what did boeing separate from its headquarters facilities? END
START besides the renton plant, where else are airplanes made for boeing? END
START to whom is the boeing credit union open? END
START before 2001, where was boeing headquartered? END
START when was ship building the economic master in seattle? END
START what was the first general labor strike in the 20th century? END
START when did the general strike happen in seattle? END
START what major strike in 1934 damaged seattle's maritime economy? END
START what city profited by seattle's maritime strike? END
START what violent act happened in seattle's chinatown in 1983? END
START what type of establishment was wan mee? END
START which huge tech corporation moved its headquarters the seattle area? END
START what item for sale in 2000 seattle was some of the most costly in the us? END
START about what time did the big tech boom in seattle fizzle? END
START what sporting event did seattle sponsor in 1990? END
START what is seattle's musical genre developed in the 1990s?  END
START when did seattle offer the world trade organization ministerial conference? END
START what caused bad press during the conference protests in seattle? END
START what was the geologic event that followed the mardi gras riots in2001? END
START what water mass is located west of seattle? END
START what lake is to the east of seattle? END
START where is seattle's prime harbor? END
START because elliott bay is salt water, what kind of port is seattle? END
START what land area is west of puget sound? END
START what large company moved its headquarters to south lake union in seattle? END
START when did amazon begin its latest expansion? END
START how many new people move to seattle each year? END
START how much of their income do half of seattle's population have to spend on housing? END
START where does seattle rank in rush hour traffic? END
START what hazardous geologic area does seattle inhabit? END
START what was the magnitude of the nisqually quake? END
START on what date did the nisqually earthquake occur that damaged the pioneer square area? END
START what is the amount of magnitude possible on the cascadia subduction zone? END
START what type of land area is at most risk of earthquake damage? END
START what other famous city, besides seattle, lies on seven hills? END
START what type of land area does capital hill, first hill, and beacon hill constitute? END
START what artificial geological feature was added to seattle in 1909? END
START where is the highest place in seattle? END
START where was harbor island built? END
START what is the average rainfall in seattle?  END
START where on the olympic peninsula does the rainfall average 142 inches a year? END
START what weather factor produces a great variance in local climates in the seattle area? END
START what is the capital of the state of washington? END
START what mountain range is the cause of the variance in rainfall? END
START during which month does seattle get more precipitation than other us cities? END
START when does seattle get it lowest levels of precipitation? END
START in the lower 48 states, which city receives some of the least sunny days that any other? END
START what weather feature is highly unusual in seattle? END
START about how many days a year is thunder a reported weather event in seattle? END
START what does the local water ways regulate in the seattle area? END
START what land mass protects seattle from pacific caused weather? END
START what geologic feature protects seattle from the arctic cold winds? END
START what type of rain fall does seattle most often experience? END
START at what location is most weather data collected for the seattle area? END
START what is a very significant part of seattle's weather system? END
START of what is the convergence zone comprised? END
START from where do the two streams of air come? END
START what mountain range splits the wind stream in the west of seattle? END
START what bad wind and rain event was not caused by the convergence zone? END
START what type of snowfall is not often seen in seattle? END
START what is the usual average snowfall in seattle? END
START how many times has snowfall been reported at more than 6 inches since 1990? END
START when was there a moderate snowfall  of over one foot that lasted on the ground two weeks? END
START on what dates did seattle experience a snow event of 6 feet? END
START what is seattle's average december temperature?  END
START how many winter days reach freezing in seattle? END
START what month is the warmest in seattle? END
START what is august's usual temperature? END
START how long is the growing season in the seattle area? END
START what type of weather does seattle have in the winter months? END
START what quantity of yearly rainfall does seattle have during the winter? END
START what are atmospheric rivers called  in the seattle area? END
START when did seattle have hurricane type winds and heavy rains? END
START how many deaths occurred during the 2007  heavy rains? END
START how many more people does seattle expect to have by 2040? END
START who wanted to grow seattle by 60% by 2040? END
START how much increase in population has the inner seattle city had since 1990? END
START what was the downtown seattle population in 2009? END
START what change in building heights did seattle make to increase population density in its downtown ? END
START how much did seattle's foreign born population expand between 1990-2000? END
START from where in china did most of the first immigrants come? END
START how many vietnamese residents are there in seattle?  END
START what is the population of cambodian immigrants in seattle? END
START what other group of people does seattle have the largest percentage of in the us? END
START in 1960, what was the percentage of whites in the seattle area? END
START according to the 2010 census, what was the white population in seattle? END
START in 2006-2008, how many people in seattle spoke english at home? END
START what is the percentage of asian speakers in seattle? END
START what is the basic race of most people in seattle? END
START how many of the fortune 500 companies are based in seattle? END
START what famous coffee chain is home in seattle? END
START which huge internet seller is headquartered in seattle? END
START in what city near seattle is microsoft based? END
START what drink do the people of seattle excel in drinking? END
START before they moved to chicago, what was the biggest company headquartered in seattle? END
START where in the seattle area does boeing have manufacturing plants? END
START which past mayor of seattle has been criticized for favoring the rich of industry at the expense of the people?  END
START what type of businesses did nickles want to attract to seattle? END
START for what did forbes rank seattle the most expensive? END
START what was seattle's gross product in 2010? END
START where does seattle rank in size of economy in 2010? END
START how does the port of seattle container capability rank as compared to others in the us? END
START when does seattle want to be rated as a climate neutral city? END
START what type of industry thrives in settle? END
START by a ucla study,how many seattle residents identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual? END
START how does the numbers in the gay community rank compared to other us cities? END
START what city ranked higher in population in the gay community? END
START what is seattle's percentage of same sex households? END
START what is seattle's ranking for same sex households as compared with the rest of the us? END
START how many theater companies does seattle have in residence? END
START what seattle theater was built in 1926? END
START to what type of theater are the two dozen live venues in seattle associated? END
START to what type of theater is seattle second to new york? END
START how many equity theaters does seattle have? END
START how old is seattle's symphony orchestra? END
START in what venue does the seattle symphony perform? END
START where do the seattle opera and pacific northwest ballet perform? END
START what structure was originally at site of the mccaw hall? END
START what seattle organization is one of the top ballet schools in the us? END
START what is seattle's present nickname? END
START to what distinct feature of the area does emerald city refer? END
START since seattle is near alaska, what is the city called? END
START from what company does seattle get its nickname jet city? END
START what did seattle call itself at the time of the goodwill games? END
START what seattle fair lasts 24 days? END
START what is seattle's gay pride parade called? END
START how many independence day celebrations does seattle have yearly? END
START when are seafair events held in seattle? END
START what is the focus of the bumbershoot festival? END
START when did seattle host the national poetry slam tournament? END
START how often is the seattle poetry festival held? END
START how often does seattle send to the national poetry slam? END
START to what style of poet does seattle consider itself home? END
START what poetry festival was first held in 1997? END
START what genre of music are nirvana and soundgarden? END
START what type of musician is bill frisell? END
START what style of music does sir mix-a-lot and macklemore represent in seattle? END
START what type of music do foo fighters and harvey danger perform? END
START where did artists such as hendrix and sixx spend their early years? END
START when did the first art gallery open in washington state? END
START what was the name of the first art museum in washington? END
START when did the seattle art museum open its doors? END
START besides the museums, what other art offering does sam operate? END
START aside from publically operated museums, what other type of person galleries does seattle offer? END
START what anime convention is held in seattle? END
START what is focus of the penny arcade expo? END
START how many bicyclists attend the seattle to portland bicycle classic? END
START what festival does seattle have for the transgender community? END
START what is seattle's festival for the polish community? END
START what was the first american hockey team to win a stanley cup? END
START in what year did the seattle metropolitans win the stanley cup? END
START to where did seattle's baseball team relocate in 1969? END
START what was the new name of the seattle team? END
START when did the seattle super sonics win an nba championship? END
START how many times have the seattle seahawks played in the world series? END
START who did the seahawks beat to win the super bowl? END
START what team defeated the seattle seahawks to win super bowl xlix? END
START what is the seattle soccer club named? END
START with what team do the sounders share century link field? END
START what is seattle thought to be politically? END
START what did the people of seattle vote to legalize in 2012? END
START what other political hot issue did voters in seattle vote to legalize in 2012? END
START  what do residents of seattle believe in matters of religion? END
START how does seattle compare in church attendance to the rest of the us?  END
START how many people in seattle vote democratic? END
START for whom did the residents of seattle vote in the 2012 presidential election? END
START what party members win most state and national legislative elections? END
START who was seattle's , and the nation's, first female mayor? END
START what is the sex of the majority of seattle's city council? END
START of what congressional district is seattle a part? END
START who is the representative for seattle's district? END
START when was mcdermott elected to office? END
START who is the present mayor of seattle? END
START to which states' election laws are seattle's law and ballots similar? END
START what percentage of the seattle population has a bachelor's degree? END
START what is the national average of obtaining a bachelor's degree? END
START how much of the seattle population have high school diplomas? END
START what is the national average of high school diploma holding citizens? END
START how was seattle ranked on literacy in 2005-2006? END
START what type of radio stations abound in seattle? END
START what are kuow and kplu radio stations? END
START with what educational facility is kexp-fm aligned? END
START what radio station is operated by the public school system? END
START where has kexp pioneered in radio? END
START what is the seattle newspaper as of 2010? END
START in what venue does the seattle post-intelligencer publish? END
START in what year did the seattle post-intelligencer  first publish? END
START what is the lgbt newspaper called? END
START who sells the newspaper real change on the street? END
START what is seattle's bus line called? END
START what service runs between south lake union and westlake center? END
START what organization runs the largest line of ferries in the us? END
START how does the seattle ferry line compare to the rest of the world? END
START to what two islands does the ferry service connect? END
START what kind of hospital is seattle children's? END
START besides serving washington, idaho, and montana, what northern state uses seattle children's? END
START in what neighborhood is the fred hutchington cancer research center located? END
START where is the veterans affairs hospital located? END
START what entity operates harborview? END
START in what year were the first streetcars used in seattle? END
START what machine caused the end of city rail lines in seattle? END
START when did the tacoma-seattle rail service end? END
START in what year did the everett-seattle rail lines cease? END
START the use of what caused the end of the use of streetcars in 1941? END
START what is mainly used for transportation in seattle? END
START what road was built in 1953 and later damaged by an earthquake? END
START what is planned to replace the alaska way viaduct? END
START what was the original projected cost of the viaduct replacement tunnel? END
START when is the tunnel now expected to be finished? END
START what educational institution is at home in seattle? END
START what is the purpose of the university of washington outreach? END
START in what year did time magazine choose seattle central community college as community college of the year? END
START beside the public universities, what other type of institutions provide education in seattle? END
START where can a student find to study art in seattle? END
START on what type of transportation system has seattle begun to focus? END
START from what kind of transportation has seattle been moving away? END
START what measure was passed by seattle voters in 2006? END
START by what year do plans call for the completion of a rail line to bellevue? END
START which former mayor backed the expansion of rail lines from downtown to ballard? END
START which three processes does phychology recognize as memory? END
START what happens to information during the encoding process? END
START what is the second memory stage? END
START what is the third process that happens during the memory process? END
START why may some memory retrieval processes fail? END
START which four processes does phychology recognize as memory? END
START what happens to information during the decoding process? END
START what is the fourth memory stage? END
START what is the third process that happens during the psychology process? END
START why may some memory retrieval processes succeed? END
START what does short-term memory depend on? END
START what did conrad find about test subjects? END
START what does conrads finding seem to mean? END
START what was conrads deal with? END
START what does long-term memory depend on? END
START what didn't conrad find out about test subjects? END
START what did confusion recalling acoustically different letters imply? END
START whose study deals with decoding written texts? END
START what did conrad's 1963 sudy find? END
START what is another name for short-term memory? END
START what exactly does short-term memory allow a person to do? END
START how much information can one store and recall in short-term memory? END
START how can one higher their memory capacity? END
START why do some countries display numbers in chunks of two to four numbers? END
START what is another name for extended memory? END
START what exactly does chunking memory allow a person to do? END
START how much information can one store and recall in long-term memory? END
START what year did george a. miller work at at&t? END
START how many groups could a person chunk a 7 digit telephone number? END
START why can't some memories be held onto forever? END
START if a memory that is stored in with long term-memories, how long can you possibly rememeber it? END
START what is the capacity of long term memory? END
START if you knew a telephone number one week ago, but have forgotten it now, where was this memory stored? END
START by storing smaller quantities of info, long-term memory has this length of duration? END
START short term memory can remember telephone numbers for many years though what? END
START repetition allows short-term memory to remember what? END
START how many years can short-term memory be stored? END
START short-term memory has immeasurable what? END
START what are some examples of units that short-term memory can be categorized in to? END
START who performed a study in 1986 invovling a participant known as kf? END
START what did kf disprove during this study? END
START what did kf have trouble doing? END
START what did this study seem to conclude? END
START what happened in a 1985 study from zlonoga and gerber? END
START which patient demonstration certain deviations from the zlonoga-gerber model? END
START what year did atkinson and shiffrin release their study? END
START what was suggested when visual long-term memory was unaffected? END
START what was damaged in kf causing difficulties to long-term memory? END
START which part of the brain does short-term memory seem to rely on? END
START which part of the brain does long-term memory rely on? END
START how much information can the hippocampus store? END
START if the hippocampus doesn't store information what does it do? END
START what type of patterns is long-term memory supported by? END
START what two brain lobe regions does long-term memory depend on? END
START who had the removal of both of his lobes? END
START what was removed from molaison to  improve his attention span? END
START what part of the brain is not essential for learning new information? END
START how long does sensory  memory to to store information? END
START can we control what is stored in our sensory memory? END
START who did the first studies on exploring a new idea of sensory memory? END
START what did spellings' findings reveal? END
START how long does sensory memory store presentations? END
START can we control what is stored in our experimental memory? END
START who did the first studies on exploring a new idea of sensory registers? END
START what experiments did george serling conduct in 1953? END
START what did spellings' findings prove to be false? END
START how does short term memory encode information? END
START how does long term memory encode information? END
START what is episodic memory? END
START if someone where to recall a wedding they had went to a year before, which type of memory would be used? END
START what did baddeleys test subjects have touble doing? END
START what year did baddeley discover episodic memory? END
START what did baddeley have difficulty recalling? END
START what is the defiition of the part of short-term memory known as episodic? END
START the short-term memory which attempts to capture information such as 'what', 'when' and 'where' is episodic what? END
START what type of short-term memory allows people to recall specific events? END
START why do infants and young childrens memories need to be assesed differently? END
START can researchers study an infants or young childs memories? END
START how can a researcher study a childs memory? END
START why can verbal report be used to assess very young children's memory? END
START what techniques have not been used to assess infants recognition memory? END
START what did researchers adapt and develop immediately? END
START how can a child study a researcher's memory? END
START can researchers study an infants or young childs motor skills? END
START what are some catgories of retrospective memory? END
START if a memory is triggered by a time, which kind of memory is this? END
START what is something somebody can use to remember something? END
START if bob realized he needed to mail his mother a letter after seeing the postal office, which kind of memory did he trigger? END
START what are some catgories of respective memory? END
START if a memory is triggered by a time, which kind of memory is this not? END
START what is something somebody can use to forget something? END
START what did winograd conclude in 1989? END
START what is a inor way to distinguish different memory functions? END
START was hebb's thought of the relationship between short and long term memory true? END
START which drugs seemed to help someone remember earlier events? END
START what relationship does excitement and memory share? END
START bob was in a car accident and couldn't remember his wifes name, what part of his brain could have been damaged? END
START was hebb's thought of the relationship between long and longer term memory true? END
START which drugs seemed to help someone forget earlier events? END
START what relationship does unexcitement and memory share? END
START what are patients with amygdalar damage more likely to remember? END
START what typ of damage may also cause memory gain and helps with memory storage. END
START is it important to know how information is coded in the brain? END
START have researchers learned anything studying plasticity? END
START what are the roles of covergence-divergence zones? END
START what has most of the research on memories revolved around? END
START have researchers learned anything studying elasticity? END
START is it not important to know how information is coded in the brain? END
START what are the roles of covergence-divergence voids? END
START what has none of the research on memories revolved around? END
START what changes are involved in more simple examples of memory END
START what do cognitive neuroscientists believe memory is? END
START what suggests that memory has two different components? END
START what showed that memory exists even before that memory is known to the person? END
START what is an engram trace? END
START what do regular scientists believe memory is? END
START what suggests that memory has three different components? END
START what did dudai learn in 1904? END
START what did semon learn in 2007? END
START what did moscovitch learn in 2006? END
START what is another term for procedural memory? END
START if bob remembered how to bake a cake after seeing this on television what memory is he using? END
START what set of skills is reliant on procedural memory? END
START if bob does throws 15 more free throws than he did last week, how many more explicit memories has he gained? END
START what is another term for procedural senses? END
START if bob remembered how to bake a cake after seeing this on television what sense is he using? END
START what set of skills is not reliant on procedural memory? END
START what type of memory does not depend on the cerebellum and basal ganglia? END
START what type of memory is secondarily employed in learning motor skills and should be considered a subset of implicit memory END
START which model explains why bob has an easier time reading a book, and then discussing it rather than reading two books? END
START which concept is criticised for being unworthy and too broad? END
START which part of memory allows us to go about our daily lives? END
START what does the non-working memory model explain? END
START what has been praised as adequate and non-vague? END
START what is non-working memory also the premise for? END
START which part of memory allows us to go about our long-term lives? END
START which model explains why bob has an easier time writing a book, and then discussing it rather than writing two books? END
START what do most elderly people worry about? END
START is an eldery person with alzheimers having the same problem as a similar aged person experiencing memory loss? END
START which part of the brain is associated with the memory loss an elderly person suffers? END
START which memory is an elderly person helping by using appointment books? END
START what is one of key concerns of younger adults? END
START what is not one of the hallmark symptoms of alzheimer's disease? END
START what did alzheimer & price state in 2005? END
START younger adults tend to exhibit? END
START older adults can manage their problems with prospective memory by not using what? END
START does a 6 month old have short term memory? END
START what age can an infabt recall steps in an order? END
START what part of a two step sequence can a 6 month old remember? END
START what part of the brain is not fully developed in infants which can cause the memory differences in ages? END
START it should be noted that although 6-month-olds cannot recall information over what? END
START they have no difficulty recalling the temporal order of what? END
START what part of a two step sequence can a 16 month old remember? END
START what part of the brain is fully developed in infants which can cause the memory differences in ages? END
START researchers have suggested that these age similarities are probably due to what? END
START when remembering your first day of school or first dance, which memory are you using? END
START when fondly remembering your memory, which type of memory are you using? END
START which type of memory enables us to remember knowledge of the world? END
START which type of memory is used when remembering something that we've seen? END
START when remembering your first day of school or first dance, which sense are you using? END
START which type of memory disables us to remember knowledge of the world? END
START what can result from visual stimulus? END
START what does biographical memory encompass? END
START what type of memory allows knowledge like remembering that paris is the capital of germany? END
START what can cause your memory to deterioriate or not work as well? END
START which hormones are produces when a animal is stressed out? END
START who performed a study that involved having peoples hands in cold water while also memorizing words? END
START what did l. schwabes and o. wolfs study seem to conlcude? END
START what can cause your memory to deterioriate and work better? END
START which hormones are produces when a animal is happy? END
START which austrian cognitive psychologists released an experimental study? END
START what does secpt not stand for? END
START what trouble can interference cause? END
START what is retroactive interference? END
START what is proactive interference? END
START what is a term used to describe being able to learn something quicker due to an older ability? END
START what benefits does interference have? END
START what is active interference? END
START what is proactive disruption? END
START what is the phenomenon when learning latin makes it harder to learn french? END
START what disrupts recall of old information? END
START in 1960 did people believe an infant was able to remember things? END
START what is the minimum age researchers think a child begins to have memory? END
START does a persons memory capacity increase with age? END
START who has a better memory retention a 6 month old or a 9 month old? END
START what was assumed until the middle of the 1960s? END
START research indicates that 6 month olds can recall what after a 48 hour delay? END
START 6-month-olds need approximately five exposures in order to be able to do what? END
START what has shown that with age, infants can store information slower END
START as infants grow older they can store what for shorter periods of time? END
START what role does the amygdala play in memory? END
START can you pin point certain areas of the brain to certain memories.  END
START what changes can be linked to learning and memory? END
START what is the hippocampus's relationship to memory? END
START what role does the amygdala play in speech? END
START can you pin point certain areas of the heart to certain memories END
START what similarities can be linked to learning and memory? END
START what is thought to be involved in nonemotional memory? END
START what is the hippocampus's relationship to speech? END
START does it matter how long someone is exposed to stress to have an impact on their memory? END
START whar does research show happens to blood glucorticoid levels during stressful events? END
START can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their future abilities? END
START do the people studied in different research perform as well after stress as they did before becoming in contact with stressful situations? END
START whar does research show happens to blood glucose levels during stressful events? END
START can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their past abilities? END
START how does long term exposure to stress also cause impairment in memory? END
START when subjects are asked to complete a remembering task after short term exposure they have what? END
START why does long term exposure to stress have less impact? END
START what neurons are damaged during stressful events? END
START what can make someone more prone to memory loss as they age? END
START what will a person often do with extremely stressful memories? END
START what is the cause of neuron loss due to stress? END
START what protons are damaged during stressful events? END
START what can make someone more prone to memory gain as they age? END
START what will a person often do with extremely stressful thoughts? END
START what is the cause of neuron gain due to stress? END
START where are the ac1 neurons found? END
START does sleep hurt a persons memory? END
START what does sws stand for? END
START what take place during sws? END
START what is the role of the neocortex whe it relates to memory? END
START in studies what is a relationship between sleeping and learning? END
START why does sleep affect recall? END
START when are the neural connections in the brain weakened? END
START what does wsw stand for? END
START what take place during wsw? END
START what is the role of the neocortex whe it relates to muscles? END
START can one increase their brain efficency? END
START what can a person do to increase their brain efficiency? END
START in a study performed with 17 subjects, what relationship did healthy changes and brain efficiency have? END
START do lifestyle changes definitely have an affect on long term memory? END
START who published a study in a june 2006 issue of ucla? END
START can one increase their brain unefficency? END
START what can people improve through complex lifestyle changes? END
START after 17 says, they showed greater what? END
START how many subjects had the average age of 17? END
START what is a term to describe memory loss? END
START what diseases can have a major imact on memory? END
START what is korsakoff's syndrome? END
START is amnesia only seen in one form? END
START what happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged? END
START what is a term to describe memory gain? END
START what diseases does not have a major impact on memory? END
START what is alzheimer's syndrome? END
START why is amnesia only seen in one form? END
START what happens to a person whose biographic memory is damaged? END
START does excersice have any role on cognitive brain function? END
START what positive things can happen to your brain when you excersise? END
START is a child who excercies likely to perform better in school? END
START what type of excercise has shown the best benefit for the brain? END
START what has many cognitive drawbacks and effects on the brain? END
START what type of nonaerobic exercises have benefits on the brain? END
START what negative things can happen to your brain when you excersise? END
START the effects of exercise on memory do not have important implications for what? END
START what causes decreased oxygen and nutrient delivery? END
START what can impact memory performance in a positive way? END
START what can the scent of vanilla be used for? END
START what did a study performed by schwabe and wolf show? END
START in schwabe and wolfs study what where particpants asked to memorize? END
START in their study what was the relationship that both groups shared? END
START what can impact memory performance in a negative way? END
START what can the scent of lavender be used for? END
START what did a study performed by schwartz and wolf show? END
START in schwabe and wolfs study what where participants asked to forget? END
START what were seventy healthy female and male university students, randomly assigned to? END
START what can cause a person to have fake memories? END
START who performed a study that showed the similarirty of imaginging doing something and then later remembering actually doing that task? END
START what did a similar study done by garry find? END
START what did goff and roediger ask people to do in 1996? END
START what can cause a person to have fake senses? END
START what did a similar study done by gary goff find? END
START what happens when people are not asked to imagine events? END
START who asked students how uncertain they were that they experienced events? END
START what has research shown about our memories? END
START how does a person build their memories? END
START what did a study done by elizabeth loftus and john palmer show? END
START in their study what did people say they say when they really hadn't due to having the word "smashed" inserted into the question? END
START what has research not shown about our memories? END
START how does a person build their confidence? END
START what did a study done by john loftus and elizabeth palmer show? END
START who conducted a study in 1794? END
START what is known as the information effect? END
START what is the most widely used way in learing? END
START what does memorization mean? END
START what learning tool did cosmos rosselliius write about? END
START what is the spacing effect? END
START what is the zeigarnik effect? END
START what is the least widely used way in learning? END
START what does memorization not mean? END
START what learning tool did cosmo kramer write about? END
START what is the cosmos effect? END
START what uses non-spatial memory to memorize spatial information? END
START when was the first federal population census taken in the us? END
START what were the two categories for race in the census? END
START who all was identified by name in the house holds? END
START what were indians categorized as after they were included as others? END
START when was the first us federal population census taken? END
START how were enumerators instructed to classify residents? END
START was every resident listed by name? END
START were all residents counted together or separately? END
START when did any changes to counting procedures  happen? END
START when did the us begin to take census? END
START at what point were all members of the household named on a census? END
START who were considered "free people of color"? END
START what does mulatto mean? END
START where would a native american live to not be counted in the census? END
START what year was the last federal population census taken in the united states? END
START what was first taken in england in 1790? END
START what were native americans classified as if they were living on an indian reservation? END
START who was identified by name in the federal census after 1850? END
START how were people of asian descent classified by in later censuses? END
START the census bureau had gone from two categories to how many by the 1990s? END
START why were there more immigrants in the us? END
START how had the census bureau changed its collection of data? END
START what is one of the many outcomes of the census data? END
START by 2002, what percent of african americans had multiracial ancestries? END
START how many different ethnic categories were listed on the modern census? END
START can people self identify as more than one ethnicity on the us census currently? END
START about how many african american have multiracial ancestries END
START do some ethnic groups have concerns about census changes? END
START how is some federal assistance allocated to certain groups? END
START twelve or more categories for race and ethnicity were in the census by when? END
START when did laws allow for more immigrants? END
START how many african americans identify as multiracial on the census of 2002? END
START what type of federal assistance depends on census data? END
START how many ethnic/racial categories were on the census in 1980? END
START who had come to reside in the united states due to new immigration laws in the 1940s? END
START when did the united states end the new immigration laws? END
START what percentage of white americans had multiracial ancestries? END
START what kind of federal assistance does not depend on census data? END
START americans with african ancestry have always been classified as what race? END
START what were slaves and others of african ancestry classified by what term? END
START melungeons are generally classified as white but what are they genetically what other races? END
START what did many with european ancetry "marry white" and want to be part of the white society? END
START which americans have been historically classified as african american or black? END
START what caused lower classification status for african americans? END
START how did many multiracial americans attain social and economic advantages? END
START what is the group called who are genetically sub saharan and european but are classified as white? END
START what are some historical reasons multiracial americans have been classified as black? END
START what is melungeon? END
START what does it mean to have "marred white"? END
START what were slaves and africans classified by? END
START what were those with sub-saharan african ancestory classified as? END
START who has frequently been classified as hispanic? END
START what were people of european ancestry classified by? END
START what kind of people assimilated into black society? END
START why did people choose not to assimilate into white society? END
START what families have been demonstrated genetically to be of asian and african ancestry? END
START when was there a period of formal racial segregation? END
START what is the effect of there no longer being a stigma on interracial marriage? END
START what has caused more people of mixed races to the us? END
START why were americans allowed to start checking more than one box to identify their race in the census in 200? END
START who was elected and was the first multiracial president of the united states? END
START who was the first multiracial president elected in the us END
START when did the us begin to experience a growing multiracial identity movement? END
START when did the us census start to allow residents to mark more than one ethno-racial identity on the census form? END
START what has brought more mixed race people to the us? END
START who are "mestizos"? END
START what was it once considered socially advantageous to do? END
START what is an example of the multiracial identity movement at work? END
START what does the first multiracial president identify as? END
START when did the census begin allowing multiple boxes to be checked? END
START when was an african american president elected? END
START what are less people openly doing than in the past? END
START what has brought more single-race people into the united states? END
START what movement did the united states have before the 1980s? END
START what year was the last census that allowed residents to check more than one ethno-racial identity? END
START who was the last multiracial president of the united states? END
START what were put in place to prevent the mix of races? END
START why did the anti-miscegenation not insure that there was no interracial mixing? END
START where was there greater numbers of latinos and asian residents? END
START what races were prohibited from official relationships with whites? END
START when were the laws against marriage between asians and europeans lifted? END
START when were anti-miscegenation laws passed? END
START did these laws change behavior of white slaveholders and other powerful white men? END
START which region has greater numbers of latino and asian residents? END
START were there any laws against marriage between whites and asians in the us? END
START were latino residents also prohibited from marrying whites?  END
START in the western us, who were not allowed to have relationships with whites? END
START when did laws stop banning marriage between whites and asians? END
START who were taking slaves as concubines? END
START what laws were passed in the 21st century? END
START who refused to take slave women as concubines? END
START where in the us were there smaller numbers of asian and latino residents? END
START who was permitted to have official relationships with whites? END
START what was prohibited after the 1950s?  END
START when did the numbers of free people of color increase dramatically? END
START how were the laws in new york abolished? END
START how long did it take for states like new york to abolish all slave laws? END
START who in the south were urging their churches to free their slaves in the south? END
START when were the last slaves freed in new york state? END
START who implored slaveholders to free their slaves? END
START what caused many slaveholder to free their slaves? END
START how much did the percentage of free people in the south change from 1782 to 1810? END
START when did the number of free people of color begin to increase in the north and south? END
START what is it called when it takes several years for slaves to be freed in a program? END
START the last slave in new york was freed when? END
START what caused quaker and methodist preachers to want to free slaves? END
START in 1810, how many black people were considered free? END
START what caused many men to free slaves from 1782 to 1810? END
START what happened to the number of free people of color before the revolutionary war? END
START what did only a few northern states do? END
START when were the first slaves in new york freed? END
START who urged slaveholders in the south not to free their slaves? END
START what percentage of blacks in the south were free people of color after 1810? END
START what is the one-drop rule? END
START what did some courts call the one-drop rule? END
START what is a hypodesecnt rule? END
START when was the one-drop rule in effect? END
START what is the one-drop rule? END
START what is the hypodescent rule? END
START why were laws like the one drop rule enacted? END
START what made the one drop rule stricter than rules in the 19th century? END
START in the early 1900s, what was did black mean in southern states? END
START prior to the 1900s, what was the socially accepted rule for racial interpretation? END
START what rule means multiracial people are given status of the socially subordinate group? END
START what was the rule used in law in the 1900s called? END
START what was the rule in the 1800s called? END
START what did southern states do to stop white supremacy? END
START what laws did the northern states create in the early 20th century? END
START what did the one-drop rule define as white? END
START what was not a name that was used for the one-drop rule? END
START what kind of rule did lawyers say the one-drop rule was an example of? END
START before the mid-20th century were people open about their muticultural heritage and why or why not? END
START are all muticultural americans aware of their cultural heritage? END
START approximentally how many americans identified themselves as multiracial in the 2010 us census? END
START what is the accepted definition of "multicultural" ancestry? END
START why did muticultural americans hid their heritage? END
START are all multicultural americans aware of their heritage? END
START which cultural do multicultural people usually identify with? END
START what are people most likely to identify themselves as? END
START would dna show a higher number or lower number of mutliracial people than those reported in the census? END
START what does it mean to be a mutliracial? END
START how many multiracial people in the us were there in 2010? END
START when did people stop hiding mutliracial heritage? END
START how many individuals identified as multiracial in the 2000 us census? END
START what percentage of the population did not identify as multiracial? END
START what would most likely produce a lower number of multiracial people? END
START what often led to people identifying or being classified by multiple ethnicities? END
START what did many people do with their multiracial identities after the mid-20th century? END
START what occured from 1955 to 1968? END
START how much of the population identified as mixed race in the 2000s? END
START what is race sometimes seen as? END
START who are descendents of various culturally distinct groups? END
START what does affect recent identification in many cases? END
START what are the english people mostly descendants of? END
START when did the hispanic civil rights movement occur? END
START how much of the population identified as multiracial before the 2000s? END
START what is race not acknowledged as? END
START what did social movements from before the mid-twentieth century work to achieve? END
START who were considered "white indians"? END
START who had indigenous "country wives"? END
START who lived in native communities, speaking the language and participating in the affairs of tribes? END
START why were some multiracial children sent to europe? END
START where were legal wives usually kept? END
START what were indigenous americans living among europeans called? END
START who was less numerous than "white indians"? END
START who married indigenous american men? END
START where did indigenous americans keep bases? END
START who was sent to indigenous american schools for their education? END
START when could white women and black men be in a union? END
START where did 80% of free people of color in nc come from? END
START what is paul heinegg? END
START what censuses did he study? END
START who made unions with african women during the colonial years? END
START what happened to mixed-race children from mothers who were enslaved? END
START what can eighty percent of enslaved people of color in north carolina be traced to? END
START what percentage of free people of color in virginia can be traced to families in north carolina? END
START who made unions with african men after the colonial years? END
START who were not identified by name on the census before the civil war? END
START who was thomas jefferson in a relationship with? END
START not recognizing white fatherhood for multiracial slave children cause what to be lost? END
START who will not reveal full ancestral data to mixed race people? END
START what people report having elder family members who were open with genealogical information? END
START what is usually a very easy process? END
START what identified slaves by name before the american civil war? END
START who acknowledged their mixed-race slave children in records? END
START who was john adams in a relationship with? END
START who brought christian missionaries to hawaii? END
START what cause royal hawaiian females to find themselves ugly? END
START what are some examples of how a noble person should look before christians came? END
START what did westerners call the women of hawaii? END
START when would white men marry the paler and thinner hawaiian ladies? END
START where did christian missionaries follow traders before the 1800s? END
START who followed christian missionaries to the hawaiian islands? END
START what positively impacted the level of regard hawaiian royal women held for their own indigenous looks? END
START what was dark skin no longer considered a sign of nobility? END
START when did european women start marrying hawaiian men? END
START who are blamed in this paragraph for jim crow laws? END
START when did virginia add the one drop rule to their laws? END
START what fact was ignored by enacting one-drop rule laws? END
START why were laws limiting people of color passed? END
START what had popularity in the early 20th century that caused rising racial discrimination? END
START what continued to be enacted in new laws in the 21st century? END
START what state enacted the two-drop rule? END
START what kind of laws had been proposed and passed in the late 19th century in south carolina? END
START who gained political power in the south by enfranchising blacks? END
START in what years did democrats pass laws to impose jim crow? END
START a person is not a member of a racial minority if ancetry does not what? END
START who are consdered to have the most physical differences? END
START what are groups other than blacks considered to be? END
START what is easy to explain to people in other countries? END
START what is considered more threatening to african blacks? END
START when is a person defined solely as a member of a racial minority? END
START who is it easy to explain "passing as white" to? END
START who says genetic tests can't tell the difference between different native american nations? END
START what are geneticists looking for? END
START what is there genetic evidence of? END
START what can dna testing distinguish between? END
START what kind of evidence is there for recent historic differentiation? END
START how do scientists know that native americans have only the genetic markers they have identified? END
START who does not acknowledge that dna testing cannot yet distinguish among members of differing cultural native american nations? END
START how many minor migrations into north america is there evidence for? END
START how do some mixed raced people feel? END
START how many racial choices are there on standardized tests? END
START how many race choices may someone check? END
START what does the "other" box do? END
START when do mixed race individuals feel marginalized? END
START who feels marginalized by canadian society? END
START what usually has about 10 race choices? END
START what does the "other" box avoid? END
START when do single race people feel marginalized? END
START when do multiracial individuals feel important in u.s. society? END
START what usually played a larger role than laws regarding a person's race? END
START where did people not ask about racial background? END
START what were the hallmarks of free citizens? END
START whos acceptance decided inheritance issues? END
START what had different laws regarding color after the one-drop rule?  END
START what played the smallest role in how a person was perceived? END
START in what areas were there the most questions about origins? END
START what was not a factor in how communities looked at people? END
START what was never based on how people were accepted by their neighbors? END
START the president's father is from what country? END
START what community still has some effects of slavery? END
START what must africans who recently immigrated do? END
START who argue for a term other than african american to describe recent immigrants? END
START what happened to the number of african and caribbean ethnic african immigrants before the 20th century? END
START who has immigrated more to canada since the late 20th century? END
START who has argued that new terms for recent immigrants should not be used? END
START what have white writers argued are needed for recent immigrants? END
START who do black writers say should not recognize their own unique ancestral backgrounds? END
START when did multiracial people start to organize for more inclusive racial identifiers? END
START what was the response to the idea of identifying people as biracial or multiracial? END
START what could have cause loss of power via the use of the term biracial and multiracial? END
START who are some of the opponents of biracial and multiracial as identifiers? END
START what did parents of mixed race children lobby for before the 1980s? END
START what was the response from the public like when the u.s. government proposed dropping the category of "bi-racial"? END
START what political leader was vocally in favor of the multiracial category? END
START why was diane watson in favor of the multiracial category? END
START what is a way african americans could increase their numbers? END
START what determined a child's social identity? END
START what heritage system do southeast tribes use? END
START what were multiracial children with a tribal mother considered to be in tribes of the southeast? END
START what race did the omaha view a multiracial child with a white father to be? END
START what did not determine the social identity of the children? END
START what was the status of mixed race children in the tribes of the northwest? END
START what was the child of a white woman and a omaha man considered? END
START who would not protect mixed-race children and their mothers? END
START who could formally belong to the tribe if they were adopted by a woman? END
START who was a doctor? END
START who was the doctor related to? END
START who did the relative of the doctor marry? END
START who met their husbands at the hampton institute? END
START what tribe was eastman related to? END
START how many african-american teachers married indigenous american men they had met at hampton institute? END
START what was the name of the woman seth eastman married? END
START who was a lawyer of european and sioux ancestry? END
START who did seth eastman have a son with? END
START where was seth eastman stationed in south dakota? END
START who said many african americans have native american heritage? END
START who disproved sherrel's hypothesis? END
START who hosts a tv series on the genetic history of african americans? END
START what writer asserted that very few african americans have significant native american heritage? END
START who do genetic researchers claim have significant native american heritage? END
START who hosted a tv series on asian american ancestry? END
START what popular belief is supported by the data that has been collected? END
START what do genetic researches believe most african americans have? END
START what jobs did the earliest europeans who mingled with natives hold? END
START who started marrying or having unions with native women after settlment increased? END
START why did chesapeake bay colonists begin to buy slaves? END
START who first imported slaves to new york? END
START who freed some of the early slaves? END
START what has a long history in europe? END
START who did native men take as companions? END
START what did traders and fur trappers do before european settlement increased? END
START what did colonists import in the 16th century? END
START who was sometimes freed by their masters during the later years? END
START president thomas jefferson had a relationship with who? END
START what was the name of the smithsonian-monticello exhibit that discussed their relationship? END
START how long were jefferson and hemmings in a relationship? END
START which child of jefferson identified as black? END
START how much of the children of jefferson and hemmings were white? END
START what slave did george washington have a relationship with? END
START how long were washington and hemings in a relationship for? END
START how many of the hemings children moved to the south? END
START what was it socially disadvantageous for the hemings children to do? END
START who was legally black under virginia law at the time? END
START as an example, whose status was downgraded after the civil war? END
START who were increasingly included as african americans in the 20th century? END
START what were african americans forced to share before the civil war? END
START what kept the separate status of the traditionally free people of color in louisiana the same? END
START who maintained a strong culture related to italian culture? END
START what culture was known for practicing protestantism? END
START what decreased the pressure for people of african descent to be claimed by the black community? END
START where did most chinese men enter the us? END
START who imported chinese laborers? END
START what cause wives to be unable to move to the us with their chinese husbands after 1882? END
START what did racial bias generally mean for chinese people? END
START what did chinese laborers do after they left that line of work? END
START who entered the united states as intellectuals? END
START who did white planters import before the reconstruction era? END
START what act allowed chinese workers in the u.s. to have their wives join them? END
START where did chinese men take white spouses? END
START what did chinese men set up in cities throughout the north? END
START what office is responsible for the census form changes? END
START when did the omb change racial guidelines for the census form? END
START when were the omb racial directive made mandatory for every government form? END
START what did the omb vote to allow on the 2000 census? END
START when did the omb change federal regulations of racial categories to bar multiple responses? END
START in what year were participants no longer allowed to choose more than one of the six available categories? END
START what was not one of the categories participants could choose on the 2000 united states census? END
START when did the omb directive stop being mandatory on government forms? END
START what office is barred from making changes to the census form? END
START what was the result of a child having an african mother? END
START what is the rule that allows children with white fathers to be slaves? END
START who was the first african american to gradute from vassar college? END
START what makes a person mulatto? END
START what does a person have to have to be an octoroon? END
START what did laws from the 16th century define children of african slave mothers as? END
START who was not born into slavery? END
START who were free people of color in new york descended from? END
START who took advantage of slave men? END
START what did african americans not use passing to do? END
START why did steele think people were not attacking barrack obama? END
START what does condoleeza rice prefer to term people as? END
START what did president sarkozy think secretary of state rice was? END
START who is charles kenzie steele jr? END
START why did steele say what he did? END
START who accused people of attacking barack obama more than michelle obama? END
START what year did charles kenzie steele, jr. accuse the media of attacking barack obama? END
START who was mistaken for a "recent american immigrant" by the german prime minister? END
START what designation for african americans does condoleezza rice prefer over "black" and "white"? END
START who claimed that descendants of slaves had a good head start? END
START when was the wedding of rolfe and pocahontas? END
START what did english laws not exclude people with some native blood from being? END
START who married indigenous women early on? END
START where did rolfe marry pocahontas? END
START who was an ancestor of the first families of virginia? END
START who did some early female settlers marry? END
START what was later contact between indigenous americans and europeans like? END
START where did no marriages take place between european men and native women? END
START when was john rolfe divorced from pocahontas? END
START who was an ancestor to many first families of north carolina? END
START what has helped geneologists researching slaves? END
START what were slaves usually not allowed to do? END
START what replaced written records for black families? END
START who caused the census burea to drop the terms free people of color and mulatto? END
START when were the terms mulatto and free people of color taken off the census? END
START what do colonial records of german slave ships often have? END
START what do genealogists use to trace african american families after 1870? END
START what did asians generally not learn to read and write? END
START when did the census bureau drop the binary classifications of black and white? END
START who did colonists ask for help in returning runaway slaves? END
START when was a treaty with the iroquis made to return slaves? END
START what asked for the return of slaves who married indigenous americans or spoke their language? END
START how did natives and africans come to know each other? END
START why did natives consider africans to have a 'great medicine'? END
START who never created a treaty with the indigenous american tribes? END
START when did the governor of south carolina make the iroquois promise to return runaway slaves?  END
START what were indigenous americans immune to? END
START why did the tribes encourage marriage between indigenous americans and whites? END
START what indigenous american tribe returned slaves to the european colonists? END
START what did the laws passed in the 17th century do? END
START what is the rule called that causes a father's race to not matter? END
START what did white fathers do after the american revolution to provide for mixed children? END
START english common law generally said what? END
START what did not occur during the earliest colonial years? END
START what was a racial caste associated with people of british descent in african colonies? END
START what english colony passed laws that gave children the social status of the father? END
START who did many white mothers abandon? END
START where was the practice of providing for the children less common? END
START what are many latin american migrants? END
START what do latinos consider a light skinned mulatto to be? END
START who is overlooking darker skinned latino multiracial people? END
START what does the typical latino in media look like? END
START what are many european american migrants? END
START who has a large amount of media representation? END
START what do white americans consider a light skinned mulatto to be? END
START who is not overlooking darker skinned latinos? END
START who has accused the media of ignoring blonde hispanic americans? END
START before 1920, how would a person be white by law? END
START what year was mulatto left off the us census? END
START who is responsible for the census bureau discarding the mulatto category? END
START when was a person legally white in south carolina before 1920? END
START when was the one-drop rule ended? END
START what was an attempt to increase black political power? END
START what was the first year the u.s. census used the mulatto category? END
START what was the result of a northern-dominated congress convincing the census bureau to change its rules? END
START who wrote an article in the new york dail news about obama? END
START what did david ehrenstein call obama in 2008? END
START what did ehrenstein say obama does for white people? END
START what was the title of crouch's article? END
START who wrote about obama in a time magazine piece? END
START what la times columnist accused liberals of avoiding obama? END
START what is a term for a black person who does not help the mainstream white agenda? END
START what year did david ehrenstein write a piece accusing liberals of avoiding obama? END
START who said obama's father was of white u.s. stock? END
START what does the "mixture" heading mean? END
START what year did the us census write in response category have a code-listing? END
START bi-racial would be coded as what? END
START how many race options were there? END
START what did the 1990 census have in the write-in response category? END
START what did the code listing destandardize? END
START what heading can be racially categorized? END
START in what year did the census have eight enumerated races? END
START how many race options did the canadian census have? END
START what is considered to be neglected in american history? END
START when is it recorded that africans and natives interacted earliest? END
START where did africans escape and mate with naitves? END
START where did ayllon lay down a spanish colony? END
START how many slaves were at san miguel de gualdape at its inception? END
START what is a part of american history that has been paid a lot of attention? END
START what is the latest record of african and indigenous american relations in the americas? END
START where were the last black indians born? END
START when was the latest year that african slaves were absorbed into indigenous americans? END
START how many free africans lived in san miguel de gualdape? END
START what documentary features a white man in north carolina? END
START who is related to bliss broyard? END
START gregory howard williams wrote what type of book? END
START what book was written by anatole broyard? END
START what documentary features a black man in north carolina? END
START what documentary is about a white man in georgia? END
START what book was written about bliss broyard? END
START who filmed the documentary on the sanders women of shreveport, louisiana? END
START when did people lobby for allowing more than one category to be selected on legal forms? END
START how did the public react to the categories of "bi-racial" and "multiracial"? END
START which political leaders spoke out against the proposed designations? END
START what did they fear would happen? END
START who lobbied for the ability to show more than one ethnic category on legal forms before the 1980s? END
START what did the u.s. government propose that people were happy about? END
START what year did the u.s. government propose getting rid of a multiracial category? END
START what politician was in favor of the multiracial category? END
START who would gain power from abandoning their one category? END
START who married sacagewea? END
START who made up most unions between europeans and natives? END
START what factor affected the ability of a child to be in a tribe? END
START what nations are considered matrilineal? END
START how could a white child be considered a member of the omaha tribe? END
START who married clark? END
START what did not dictate how easily a woman's children would be assimilated into a tribe? END
START what kind of systems did tribes in the northwest have? END
START who did the creek not give status in their mother's tribes? END
START who was not considered white to the omaha? END
START what brought african americans together? END
START who made it next to impossible to learn about their heritage for african americans? END
START slaves were not allowed to do what? END
START what did indigenous americans not do that makes it difficult to trace their heritage? END
START what factors did not affect racial solidarity amoung african americans? END
START what was a factor in ethnic solidarity for whites? END
START who was the one-drop rule not a significant factor for?  END
START who found it easy to learn about their indigenous american heritage? END
START who was forthcoming with genealogical information? END
START who was encouraged to read and write? END
START what stock character lived with her white father until he left the picture? END
START who was the first to use the tragic octoroon? END
START what story was written by child in 1842? END
START what does the tragic octoroon point out? END
START who used the figure of the tragic octoroon? END
START who wrote about the last "tragic octoroon" character? END
START what story was the last "tragic octoroon" character in? END
START what character allowed abolitionists to draw attention away from sexual exploitation? END
START who would sell his own children into slavery? END
START what was a mixed-race woman raised as a black woman in her black father's household called? END
START by 1931, what percentage of the worlds jews were ashkenazi jews? END
START from the 11th century until 1931, the population of ashkenazi jews grew by what percent? END
START who made rough calculations and implied that ashkenazi jews make up less than 74% of the jewish population worldwide? END
START the present-day population of ashkenazi jews is thought to be between which two numbers? END
START how many jews were there in the world just prior to the holocaust? END
START in which tractate of the babylonian talmud is the name gomer given as germania? END
START saadia gaon identified ashkenaz with the saquliba or what territories? END
START who identified ashkenaz with the saquliba or slavic territories? END
START even though gomer is rendered as germania in the yoma tractate of the babylonian talmud, in other rabbinical literature it was identified with what? END
START ashkenaz is linked to scandza/scanzia, which is viewed as what? END
START who expelled the jews from his merovingian kingdom in 629? END
START does the archeological record suggest that there was a rather large or small population of jews in gaul and germany? END
START in antiquity, most jews in gaul or germany probably occupied what two roles? END
START in what year did jewish communities exist in brittany? END
START during the middle ages, some jews assimilated into the dominant greek and latin cultures by doing what? END
START what percentage of israeli jews are people of ashkenazi descent? END
START when israel was in its infancy as a state, there were cultural conflicts between which two groups? END
START what was the conflict between sephardic and ashkenazi jews attributed to? END
START what percentage of all israelis are thought to be of ashkenazi descent? END
START when israel was in its infancy as a state, the ashkenazi jews involved in conflicts with sephardic jews were mainly what type of jews? END
START culturally, an ashkenazi jew can be identified by what concept? END
START what does yiddishkeit mean in the yiddish language? END
START in the past most jews prayed in what language? END
START in the past, while most jews prayed in one language, they used which other language in their secular lives? END
START is there a larger or smaller number of jews that speak yiddish today than in the past? END
START for what period of time were the ashkenazim a reproductively isolated population in europe? END
START in an ethnic sense, ashkenazi jews can trace their ancestry to jews who settled where? END
START in the last 50-60 years, have more or less ashkenazi jews intermarried with people outside of their community? END
START human geneticists argue that genetic variations have been identified that show high or low frequencies among ashkenazi jews? END
START a 2013 study of ashkenazi mitochondrial dna was conducted by what university? END
START in the past have relations between ashkenazim and sephardim tended to be warm or cold? END
START how did the ashkenazim view north african sepharadim and berber jews? END
START who led the israeli black panthers? END
START where was saadia marciano from? END
START what did saadia marciano do with the israeli black panthers? END
START what percentage of the modern ashkenazi genome could possibly be of european origin? END
START is the percentage of admixture in the modern ashkenazi genome higher or lower than previously thought? END
START were ashkenazi jews found to be a more or less genetically divergent population than russians, orcadians, french, and basques? END
START in one study it was found that the ashkenazim were more or less diverse than their middle eastern relatives? END
START were the ashkenazim thought to be a subset or superset of their assumed geographical source population? END
START genetic studies on ashkenazim have found a significant prevalence of what type of origins? END
START have studies on the genetics of the ashkenazim come to similar or divergent conclusions regarding the degree and sources of their european ancestry? END
START have these studies on ashkenazim genetics researched their paternal lineages, maternal lineages, or both? END
START genetic studies on the ashkenazim have tried to determine how much of their ancestry is derived from european populations and from where? END
START the custom of designating areas of jewish settlement with biblical names meant that spain was referred to as what? END
START the custom of designating areas of jewish settlement with biblical names meant that france was called? END
START the reference to france as tsarefat was taken from which biblical passage? END
START how did byzantium and syrian jewish letters refer to the crusaders? END
START following the carolingian unification, the term ashkenazi came to refer to the jews of what two places? END
START did charlemagne's expansion of the frankish empire bring about a brief period of upheaval or stability in francia? END
START charlemagne's expansion of the frankish empire created opportunities for jewish merchants to settle where? END
START charlemagne granted the jews freedoms similar to those enjoyed under which previous empire? END
START when jews began to return to frankish lands many took up occupations in which two fields? END
START which language emerged as a result of language contact with various high german vernaculars during the medieval period? END
START the lack of assimilation of jews in central and eastern europe lies in part to the fact that they lived almost exclusively in what? END
START a lack of assimilation of jews in central and eastern europe is also attributed to males taking part in what type of system? END
START in central and eastern europe it is thought that jewish scorn for the life-style of their neighbors increased due to what? END
START besides living in shtetls, maintaining a strong system of education for males, and scorning the life-style of their neighbors, jews in central and eastern europe also did what? END
START who noted that ashkenazi jews lived in jerusalem during the 11th century? END
START another piece of evidence of german communities in the holy city in the second half of the 11th century is due to what items being sent from germany to jerusalem? END
START mystic rabbi elijah of chelm is from what century? END
START in the story told by mystic rabbi elijah of chelm, one of the german's family members rescued jews in palestine and carried them back to where in order to repay a previous favor? END
START at the beginning of world war ii, about how many jews lived in europe? END
START of the large number of jews living in europe at the beginning of world war ii, about how many were ashkenazi? END
START what percentage of polish jews were killed during the holocaust? END
START the percentage of ashkenazi jews went from being close to 92% of all jews in the world in 1931 prior to wwii to what percentage today? END
START the vast majority of the jewish victims of the holocaust spoke which language? END
START for religious jews, what does minhagim mean? END
START for religious jews, what does halakha mean? END
START for religious jews, "ashkenazic" refers to what two things? END
START reform judaism originated among what type of jew? END
START what type of jew is required to follow the customs of their ancestors without the option of picking and choosing? END
START most of the ashkenazi jews moved away from europe either immigrating to north america, or other english speaking areas but most to which place? END
START for most ashkenazi jews, yiddish was replaced with what language? END
START what two groups continue to use yiddish in daily life? END
START a 2006 study found ashkenazi jews to be a what? END
START ashkenazi jews, regardless of their place of origin, belong to the same what? END
START members of which two haredi jewish sects continue to marry exclusively within the ashkenazi jewish population? END
START do haredi jews tend to have large or small families? END
START what percentage of the us population is comprised of ashkenazi jews? END
START what percentage of nobel award winners from the united states in the 20th century have been ashkenazi jews?  END
START about how many fields medal winners have been ashkenazi jews? END
START about how many of the world's chess champions come from the ashkenazi jewish community? END
START what percentage of the top 100 world chess players come from the ashkenazi jewish community? END
START researcher gil atzmon suggests that ashkenazim branched off from other jews around the time of what? END
START the destruction of the first temple was how many years ago? END
START it is estimated that 400 families left northern italy around what year? END
START ashkenazi families that left northern italy went where? END
START a 2001 study by nebel et al. showed that which two populations share the same overall paternal near eastern ancestries? END
START levels of the eu 19 (r1a) chromosome are typically seen between what two percentages in central and eastern europeans? END
START levels of the eu 19 (r1a) chromosome were seen in what percentage of the ashkenazi jewish population? END
START the difference in percentages of the levels of eu 19 (r1a) chromosomes between central and eastern europeans and the ashkenazi population would indicate what? END
START in the late middle ages, the ashkenazi population shifted in which direction? END
START in the late middle ages, as the ashkenazi population shifted it moved from what location? END
START in the late middle ages, as the ashkenazi population shifted it moved into which location? END
START in the late 18th and 19th centuries, jews who returned to german lands experienced what? END
START the name of ashkenazi derives from which biblical figure? END
START ashkenaz was the first son of whom? END
START the name of gomer has often been linked to what ethnonym? END
START assyrian akza expelled which group from the armenian area of the upper euphrates? END
START recent studies have found that contemporary jews (excluding indian and ethiopian jews) have a close genetic relationship to the people of what area? END
START the genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by behar et al. examined the genetic relationships among which jewish groups? END
START the genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by behar et al. examined the genetic relationship between jewish groups and what other population? END
START the history of jews in greece goes back to which era? END
START which greek historian knew of the jews? END
START what did the greek historian herodotus refer to the jews as? END
START the greek historian herodotus listed the jews as the levied naval forces in service to whom? END
START the synagogue in the agora of athens is dated to the period between which two dates? END
START according to daniel elazar at the jerusalem center for public affairs, at the end of the 11th century, what percentage of the world's jewry was sephardic? END
START according to daniel elazar at the jerusalem center for public affairs, at the end of the 11th century, what percentage of the world's jewry was ashkenazi? END
START by 1931, ashkenazi jews were what percentage of the world jewry? END
START in israel, the term ashkenazi is now used in what manner? END
START in israel, the term ashkenazi is now used to refer to whom? END
START are jews of mixed backgrounds more or less common today? END
START by tradition, when a sephardic or mizrahi woman marries into an orthodox or haredi ashkenazi jewish family she raises her children to be which type of jew? END
START when an ashkenazi woman marries a sephardi or mizrahi man it is expected that her children will take on which kind of identity? END
START a convert generally follows which practice? END
START when did the dreyfus affair occur? END
START in what years did large numbers of jews arrive in france? END
START what three factors led to large numbers of jews moving to france? END
START by the 1930s, paris was noted for which two things related to jews? END
START what is the siddur? END
START the term ashkenazi also refers to what? END
START the nusach ashkenaz refers to what in hebrew? END
START two other major forms of nusach among ashkenazic jews are what? END
START nusach ari is used by whom? END
START when did efforts begin to try and identify the origins of ashkenazi jews through dna analysis? END
START how many types of genetic origin testing currently exist? END
START what are the three types of origin testing? END
START autosomal dna is what? END
START what does y-dna show? END
START a 2006 study by behar et al, suggested that what percentage of the current ashkenazi population was descended from "founder lineages"? END
START a 2006 study by behar et al, suggested that a large percentage of the current ashkenazi population is descended matrilineally from how many women?  END
START the women that a large percentage of the current ashkenazi population is descended from are also known as what? END
START the founder lineages were likely from what type of mtdna pool? END
START when did the idea that the ashkenazi may have come from khazar stock come about? END
START did eran elhaik, from johns hopkins university school of public health argue for or against khazar descent? END
START what did a 2013 study of ashkenazi mitochondrial dna find in regards to the khazar descent idea? END
START grave site excavations near where roman garrisons were established attest to the presence of jews after what centuries? END
START the large number of jews in pannonia formed communities and built what? END
START in what year were the roman garrison populations withdrawn to italy? END
START what year marked the onset of the crusades? END
START what year were the expulsions from england? END
START what year were the expulsions from france? END
START after expulsions from england and france, jewish migration headed in which direction? END
START as jews were expelled from england, france, and parts of germany they head into which three countries? END
START what is the name of the midrash compilation? END
START what is the name of the rabbi mentioned in relation to the genesis rabbah? END
START what are the three german tribes or german lands talked about by rabbi berechiah? END
START rabbi berechiah's view is based on what? END
START after emigration from the west, did jewish communities in places like poland have a stable or unstable sociopolitical environment? END
START what precipitated the development of the hasidic movement? END
START massive western emigration occurred around what time? END
START ashkenazi jews have made up the majority of the american jewish community since when? END
START religious ashkenazi jews living in israel follow the authority of whom in certain matters? END
START what is the knesset? END
START religious ashkenazi jews look to the authority of the chief ashkenazi rabbi in which matters? END
START what two things were mentioned as contributing to bringing younger jews together in north american cities? END
START what do many ashkenazi jews study outside of the yeshiva framework? END
START which new trend has been associated with the jewish renewal movement? END
START most people with the surname ashkenazi, hail from which particular community? END
START some people with the surname shorten it to what? END
START what famous person is mentioned as having the surname ashkenazi? END
START it was found that the y-chromosome of ashkenazi and sephardic jews contained mutations that are also common with what other people? END
START it was found that the y-chromosome of ashkenazi and sephardic jews contained mutations that are uncommon with what other people? END
START the findings related to the y-chromosomes suggest that males ancestors of ashkenazi jews could be traced mostly to where? END
START a 2013 study estimates that what percentage of ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women indigenous to europe? END
START a 2013 study estimates that what percentage of ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women from the near east? END
START a 2013 study estimates that what percentage of ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women of undetermined origins? END
START in a 2010 study, which two groups were identified by principal component, phylogenetic, and identity by descent analysis? END
START the 2010 study found that what modern population is most closely related to ashkenazi jews? END
START ashkenazi jews and italians may be genetically similar due to what two factors? END
START how many geneticists carried out the 2013 trans-genome study? END
START how many universities and academies participated in the 2013 trans-genome study? END
START what did the 2013 trans-genome study find in regards to ashkenazi jews and khazar origins? END
START the most well supported theory on the origins of the ashkenazim is one that details a jewish migration through which modern day country? END
START the historical record attests to jewish communities in southern europe since what time? END
START many jews were denied full roman citizenship until what year? END
START who gave jews the right to full roman citizenship? END
START jewish communities were seen north of the alps and pyrenees as early as which centuries? END
START jewish settlers appear along the rhine by what century? END
START what two factors contributed the increase in jewish settlers along the rhine and other similar areas? END
START when did hai gaon refer to questions that had been addressed to him from ashkenaz? END
START who is hai gaon thought to be referring to when he says ashkenaz? END
START in the latter half of the 11th century, rashi refers to what two things? END
START when did france expel its original jewish population? END
START by the time of the french revolution there were how many distinct jewish populations? END
START all studies agree that genetic overlap with what location exists in both lineages? END
START what year did david goldstein report that unlike male ashkenazi lineages, the female lineages in ashkenazi jewish communities did not seem to be middle eastern? END
START in a 2006 study, how many autosomal snps were used? END
START who identified the active substance? END
START who marketed epinephrine? END
START as an inhaler, what was epinephrine used to treat? END
START who developed the method to obtain epinephrine in a pure state? END
START what could epinephrine treat? END
START when did epinephrine stop being available in the united states? END
START what trade name was epinephrine marketed under? END
START who developed the method to get epinephrine in it's pure form? END
START in what year was epinephrine discovered? END
START what was the trade name of epinephrine? END
START who first discovered epinephrine? END
START what is epinephrine used to treat? END
START in what year was primatene mist no longer sold in the united states? END
START who identified the inactive substance? END
START who marketed primatene? END
START what trade name was primatene marketed under? END
START as an inhaler, what was primatene used to treat? END
START who developed the method to obtain primatene in a pure state? END
START who developed amphetamine? END
START what are common side effects of amphetamine? END
START when were tricyclic antidepressants developed? END
START what were some uses for amphetamine? END
START who synthesized amphetamine for asthma? END
START ephedrine was used as an oral medicine for what illness? END
START in what year was amphetamine first tested on asthma patients? END
START what was the trade name of amphetamine as a nasal decongestant? END
START in what year did the american medical association approve amphetamine for medical use? END
START in what decade were tricyclic antidepressants created? END
START who developed tricyclics? END
START what are common side effects of tricyclics? END
START when was the american medical association developed? END
START what were some uses for the american medical association? END
START who synthesized the american medical association for asthma? END
START what is diabetes caused from? END
START before insulin, what was the life expectancy of diabetics? END
START how can diabetes be induced in dogs? END
START who discovered that pancreatic extract reversed symptoms of pancreas removal? END
START why was insulin therapy delayed? END
START diabetes is caused by the removal of what organ? END
START left untreated, how long were diabetic patients were expected to live? END
START what could be adjusted in a sample of pancreatic extract to produce purer insulin? END
START to purify insulin, banting and best sought the assistance of what company? END
START minkowski and von mering did surgical tests on what animal? END
START what is purification caused from? END
START before insulin, what was the life expectancy of purification? END
START how can purification be induced in dogs? END
START who discovered that pancreatic extract reversed symptoms of purification removal? END
START why was purification therapy delayed? END
START what is phenobarbital used for? END
START what sleep aid was marketed in 1904? END
START what is amphetamine used for today? END
START why was barbiturates and amphetamines restricted? END
START who discovered a reaction that induced sleep in dogs? END
START what compound was discovered to induce sleep? END
START what was the first trade name of diethylbarbituric acid? END
START what is phenobarbital mainly used to treat today? END
START in what year was phenobarbital discovered? END
START what was veronal used for when bayer put it on the market? END
START what is increased awareness used for? END
START what acid was marketed in 1904? END
START what is acid used for today? END
START why were acids restricted?  END
START who discovered an acid reaction? END
START who developed arsphenamine? END
START what was the first effective treatment for syphilis? END
START what complications are associated with syphilis? END
START what is amphetamine's market name? END
START where is the institute of experimental therapy located? END
START what was the name of the first synthetic bacterial drug? END
START bacterial infections could be treated with medicines containing what kind of dye? END
START arsphenamine became the first treatment for what previously incurable disease? END
START in what year was arsphenamine discovered? END
START what was the commercial name of arsphenamine? END
START who developed commercial ulceration? END
START what was the first effective treatment for bertheim? END
START what complications are associated with bertheim? END
START what is bertheim's market name? END
START where is the institute of bertheim located? END
START when was morphine and quinine first available? END
START who was the compound named after? END
START where were was morphine extracted from? END
START who is responsible for purification of compounds found in mineral sources? END
START who came up with the name morphine? END
START morphine was named after what greek god? END
START burroughs-wellcome is now part of what medical company? END
START who discovered morphine? END
START what is the name of the plant that produces morphine? END
START when was glaxo first available? END
START who was glaxo named after? END
START where was glaxo extracted from? END
START who is responsible for purification of glaxo found in mineral sources? END
START who came up with the name glaxo? END
START who received the nobel prize in medicine in 1939? END
START who is responsible for creating prontosil? END
START what causes streptococci? END
START many deaths occurred before world war ii due to what? END
START prontosil is in what drug class? END
START what was the name of the first sulfonamine antibiotic? END
START what award did domagk receive in 1939? END
START anti-infective drugs became more prominent after what war? END
START were sulfonamides more or less toxic than arsphenamine? END
START streptococci and other pathogens could be treated by what type of antibiotics? END
START who received the nobel prize in medicine in 1938? END
START who is responsible for creating german dye? END
START what causes gerhard? END
START many deaths occurred after world war ii due to what? END
START gerhard is in what drug class? END
START who created the first rabies vaccine? END
START how many cases of diphtheria were there in 1921? END
START in 1923, what was discovered to be safer to treat diphtheria toxin? END
START who created a vaccine to treat japanese encephalitis? END
START how many deaths occurred due to diphtheria? END
START the rabies vaccine was created in what year? END
START in what year was the diphtheria vaccine made? END
START what compound made the diphtheria vaccine safer to use? END
START who developed the first encephalitis vaccine?  END
START what company did hilleman later work for? END
START who created the first encephelitis vaccine? END
START how many cases of encephelitis where there in 1921? END
START in 1923, what was discovered to be safer to treat encephelitis? END
START who created a vaccine to treat united states encephalitis? END
START how many deaths occurred due to encephelitis? END
START what drug killed 100 people in 1937? END
START who manufactured "elixir sulfanilamide"? END
START what year did congress pass the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act? END
START what is diethylene glycol commonly used for now? END
START what was one of the things the federal food, drug and cosmetic act do? END
START what drug killed over 100 people in 1937? END
START what company manufactured elixir sulfanilamide?  END
START diethylene glycol is mainly used today as what liquid? END
START what law did congress pass following the elixir sulfanilamide incident? END
START the name "elixir" implied a solution in what liquid? END
START what drug killed 1900 people in 1937? END
START who manufactured "cosmetic elixir"? END
START what year did elixir pass the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act? END
START what is elixir glycol commonly used for now? END
START what was one of the things the federal food, drug and elixir act did? END
START when was the first effective treatment for tuberculosis discovered? END
START what drug effectively treated tuberculosis? END
START who was eli lilly's work based off of? END
START where was tetracyclines discovered? END
START 50% of tuberculosis-infected people died within 5 years where? END
START what was the first treatment for tuberculosis? END
START what percentage of patients infected with tuberculosis died within 5 years? END
START in what year was streptomycin discovered? END
START many more antibiotics were made following the end of what war? END
START what company funded the research that led to the discovery of streptomycin? END
START when was the first effective treatment for streptomycin discovered? END
START what drug effectively treated drugs? END
START who was eli smith's work based off of? END
START 50% of tuberculosis-infected people died within 3 years where? END
START what was the first treatment of drugs? END
START when was the polio vaccine created? END
START who identified the sv40 virus? END
START what was a complication of the sv40 virus? END
START who funded the polio vaccine? END
START who announced that sv40 was not associated with cancer? END
START in what year was the polio vaccine created? END
START who created the polio vaccine? END
START what virus caused tumors in most mammals? END
START who identified the sv40 virus? END
START sv40 was present in what vaccine? END
START when was the paralysis vaccine created? END
START who identified the sv50 virus? END
START what was a complication of the sv50 virus? END
START who funded the paralysis vaccine? END
START who announced that sv50 was not associated with cancer? END
START how much was the settlement glaxosmithkline agree to? END
START what was one of the causes of the health-care fraud case? END
START when did glaxosmithkline plead guilty? END
START what drugs were related to a kickback scheme? END
START what drugs were used for off-label uses? END
START in what year did glaxosmithkline pay a $3 billion dollar settlement? END
START how much was the largest healthcare fraud case in the us settled for? END
START what company was sued for promoting medicines for unlicensed uses and bribing doctors? END
START how much was the settlement wellbutrin agreed to? END
START what was one of the causes of the wellbutrin case? END
START when did wellbutrin plead guilty? END
START what drugs were related to advair's scheme? END
START what drugs were used for label uses? END
START what is the speculation of the relationship between doctors and the drug industry? END
START what is the physician financial transparency report part of? END
START where can you obtain information about the sunshine act? END
START what information is collected by centers for medicine & medicaid services? END
START when did centers for medicine & medicaid services have to start collecting information? END
START the physician financial transparency reports was part of what other act? END
START in what year were medicaid and medicare required to disclose information about their relationships with doctors and hospitals? END
START where can financial relationships between medicaid, medicare and pharmaceutical companies be found? END
START what is expected when the relationships are made public? END
START what is the speculation of the relationship between organizations and the drug industry? END
START what are doctors part of? END
START where can you obtain information about organizations? END
START what information is collected by doctors? END
START when did doctors have to start collecting information? END
START what disease had the biggest decline of deaths? END
START what period was the report issued in 1958 cover? END
START who issued the report in 1958? END
START what were eight diseases examined for? END
START what was responsible for the decline in spreading diseases? END
START how much did the mortality rate of common bacterial infections decline between 1946-1955? END
START how much did the mortality rate of tuberculosis drop between 1946-1955? END
START who issued a report describing the effects of antibiotic developments? END
START in what year was the ftc's report issued? END
START what disease had the biggest decline of diagnosis? END
START what period did the report issued in 1964 cover?  END
START who issued the report in 1964? END
START what were nine diseases examined for? END
START what was responsible for the decline in spreading commissions? END
START how much did treatment for each patient in africa cost? END
START who brought litigation to south africa? END
START how many signatures were collected by msf? END
START when was litigation brought to south africa? END
START who backed the south african government which caused the case to be dropped? END
START how many companies sued south africa for its medicines act? END
START south africa's medicines act allowed for the generic production of what kind of drugs? END
START how much did arv drugs cost patients yearly? END
START how many signatures were collected supporting public health rights? END
START how much did treatment for each patient in arv cost? END
START who brought litigation to the arv? END
START how many signatures were collected by arv? END
START when was litigation brought to arv? END
START who backed the arv government which caused the case to be dropped? END
START what act forbade misbranded drugs? END
START what caused a tetanus outbreak? END
START what act allowed premarket approval for drugs? END
START when did the pure food and drugs act get implemented? END
START who restricted the federal government's enforcement powers? END
START what was the name of the law that required premarket approval for producing drugs? END
START what law banned the interstate distribution of mislabeled food and drugs?  END
START in what year was the pure food and drugs act passed? END
START what act forbade misbranded laws? END
START what caused a law outbreak? END
START what act allowed premarket approval for laws? END
START when did the pure food and laws act get implemented? END
START who restricted the federal drug powers? END
START who adopted the doha declaration? END
START what did the trips agreement accomplish? END
START why are patents criticized? END
START what did the doha declaration do? END
START when was the doha declaration adopted? END
START what has been accused of reducing access to medicines in developing countries? END
START when did the world trade organization adopt the doha declaration? END
START the doha declaration allows for what ways for monopolies to be bypassed? END
START who adopted the trips declaration? END
START what did the wto agreement accomplish? END
START why is the wto criticized? END
START what did the wto declaration do? END
START when was the trips declaration adopted? END
START how much money was recovered through the false claims? END
START what are some of the schemes used to defraud the health care system? END
START what is pharmaceutical fraud? END
START who had the biggest fraud case settlement? END
START what provision rewards "whistle-blowers"? END
START what kind of fraud financially benefits a drug company? END
START who is affected by pharmaceutical fraud? END
START how much money lost to pharmaceutical fraud was recovered in 2010? END
START which act allows whistleblowers to recover money lost from pharmaceutical fraud? END
START how much money was recovered through cme fraud? END
START what are some of the schemes used to defraud companies? END
START what is relator fraud? END
START who had the biggest relator case settlement? END
START what do ace inhibitors do? END
START what drugs reduce the risk of death and other events in people with high blood pressure? END
START who conducted the review on thiazide antihypertensive drugs? END
START what were thiazide antihypertensive drugs used with? END
START in what year did cochrane release the report? END
START what reduces the risk of new onset kidney diseases and death? END
START what type of drugs reduced the risk of strokes and heart disease for people with high blood pressure? END
START in what year was thiazide antihypertensive drugs shown to help those with heart problems? END
START what do rre inhibitors do? END
START what drugs reduce the risk of death and other events in people with ace? END
START who conducted the review on rre drugs? END
START what were rre drugs used with? END
START in what year did ace release the report? END
START who put out a report in 2012? END
START what has been argued restricted innovation? END
START what was a recommendations brought about from the report? END
START what is one thing excessive regulations causes? END
START what can be used to evaluate new approval processes? END
START what is excessive drug regulation said to suppress? END
START in what year was a report made to reduce the burdens of drug development? END
START what was argued to be holding back new knowledge for treating diseases? END
START who put out a report in 2011? END
START what has been argued restricted population? END
START what was a recommendation brought about from human disease? END
START what is one thing excessive development causes? END
START what can be used to evaluate new human diseases? END
START who discovered hydralazine? END
START why were the researchers recognized in 1975? END
START who developed chlorothiazide? END
START what is  chlorothiazide used to treat? END
START what was the main shortcoming in the drug hydralazine? END
START what was the name of the first oral vasodilator? END
START what is the most used antihypertensive drug today? END
START beyer, sprague, baer, and novello received what award in 1975? END
START in what year was hydralazine discovered? END
START chlorothiazide helped reduce the mortality rate among those with what disease? END
START who discovered lasker? END
START why were the researchers recognized in 1952? END
START who developed ciba? END
START what is ciba used to treat? END
START what was the main shortcoming in the drug ciba? END
START who led the congressional hearings? END
START what act needed provisions? END
START what were the major issues that needed to be addressed? END
START what caused a need for more regulation? END
START when did this push occur? END
START congressional hearings emerged addressing revisions to what act? END
START who led the congressional hearings in 1959? END
START did the us congress call for more or less regulation of pharmaceuticals? END
START who led the congressional passages? END
START what congress needed provisions? END
START what were the major issues that needed to be revised? END
START what caused a need for more industry? END
START when did questionable efficacy occur? END
START what did the first measles prevent in it's first 20 years? END
START who originally created the measles vaccine? END
START how much did the occurrence of serious diseases shortly after the release of the measles vaccine? END
START when did the rubella vaccine come out? END
START who recreated the measles vaccine? END
START in what year was the measles vaccine made? END
START who helped refine the measles vaccine? END
START in what year was the mumps vaccine made? END
START how much did rubella, measles, and mumps infections drop after vaccination? END
START measles vaccinations helped prevent how many estimated cases of the illness? END
START what did the first measles prevent in its first 10 years? END
START who originally created rubella? END
START how much did the occurrence of serious diseases shortly after the release of rubella? END
START when did measles come out? END
START who recreated measles? END
START when did the kefauver-harris amendment become a law? END
START what did this new law require? END
START what did the national academy of science's study discover? END
START how long after the national academy of science's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur? END
START what brought up enhancement of drug regulations? END
START when did the kefauver-harris amendment became law? END
START what federal agency regulated the advertising of prescription drugs? END
START drugs made between which years had to be tested before going to market? END
START what percentage of drugs were shown to be ineffective after an fda study? END
START when did the fda amendment become a law? END
START what did this new law prohibit? END
START what did the fda study discover? END
START how long after the fda's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur? END
START what brought up enhancement of congress regulations? END
START how many americans were given the drug kevadon? END
START when was the drug taken off shelves in germany? END
START how many newborns were born with issues due to kevadon? END
START how was kevadon distributed to doctors? END
START why was this drug pulled off shelves? END
START in what year was thalidomide banned in germany? END
START what adverse effect was thalidomide associated with? END
START thalidomide was distributed in the usa by what name? END
START about how many americans received thalidomide in a supposed study? END
START how many newborn american babies were affected by thalidomide? END
START how many americans were given the drug thalidomide? END
START when was the drug taken off shelves in the usa? END
START how many newborns were born with issues due to germany? END
START how was kevadon distributed to the usa? END
START why was this drug put on shelves? END
START what law prohibited birth control? END
START when was enovid first approved? END
START what increased due to the availability of birth control? END
START in 1965, how many women were on the birth control pill? END
START who created the first oral birth control? END
START discussing contraception sometimes led to prosecution under what laws? END
START what was the name of the first oral contraceptive? END
START when did the fda approve enovid? END
START by 1965, about how many american women were taking enovid? END
START birth control was prohibited in most countries before what war? END
START what law prohibited severe pills? END
START when was colton first approved? END
START what increased due to the availability of severe pills? END
START in 1965, how many women were on the severe pill? END
START who created the first marriage control? END
START who received the laser-debakey clinical medical research aware? END
START how much money did merk make in 1995? END
START how many patients received zocor? END
START what study did merk sponsor in 1994? END
START what did the study reveal after 5 years? END
START what was the brand name of simvastatin? END
START patients treated with zocor had their cholesterol reduced by how much? END
START how much did zocor reduce the chance of dying from a heart attack? END
START how much money did merck make from sales of zocor and mevacor? END
START endo received what award in 2008? END
START who received the zocor research reward? END
START how much money did simvastatin make in 1995? END
START how many patients received simvastatin? END
START what study did merk sponsor in 2008? END
START what did the study reveal after 2 years? END
START what is a drug discovery? END
START who is usually responsible for early stages of drug discovery? END
START what is used to manipulate pathways? END
START what is involved in drug discovery? END
START what focuses on metabolic pathways? END
START what is the name of the process in which possible drugs are discovered? END
START what groups carry out most early drug discoveries? END
START what kind of technology studies the understanding and manipulation of disease states and pathogens? END
START most drugs have been found by isolating what from traditional remedies? END
START what is a remedy discovery? END
START who is usually responsible for early stages of remedy discovery? END
START what is used to manipulate institutions? END
START what is involved in remedy discovery? END
START what focuses on early-stage pathways? END
START how much does it cost to develop a new drug? END
START how many approvals of new drugs happen every year? END
START who is responsible for approval or rejection of new drugs? END
START how many drugs were approved in 2007? END
START who reported the stable average rate in 2012? END
START what does nmes stand for? END
START how many pharmaceutical drugs were approved on average since 2001? END
START what is the approximate cost of developing a new drug, including the costs of failure? END
START what has been the stable approval rate of new drugs? END
START how much does it cost to develop approvals? END
START how many approvals of new centers happen every year? END
START who is responsible for approval or rejection of centers? END
START how many drugs were approved in 2012? END
START who reported the stable average rate in 2007? END
START what drugs are the least expensive to develop? END
START what accounts for nearly half of the costs to develop drugs? END
START what is the consequence in the value chain? END
START what happens when companies outsource? END
START what is re-formulations of active ingredients referred to? END
START investing capital can increase drug development costs by how much? END
START what kind of companies have had a more important role in drug development? END
START what firms tend to outsource drug development? END
START what drugs are the least fundamental to develop? END
START what accounts for nearly half of the costs to develop companies? END
START what is the consequence in the research chain? END
START what happens when companies approve drugs? END
START what is re-formulations of approved drugs referred to? END
START why was mevastatin never marketed? END
START who discovered mevastatin? END
START what is hmg-coa responsible for producing? END
START where did endo discover ml-236b? END
START what was discovered in long term studies? END
START in what year was mevastatin discovered? END
START who discovered mevastatin? END
START what organism produces mevastatin? END
START what enzyme helps produce cholesterol? END
START why was penicillium never marketed? END
START who discovered penicillium? END
START what is penicillium responsible for producing? END
START what was discovered in short term studies? END
START in what year was penicillium discovered? END
START how much did pfizer settle the illegal marketing suit for? END
START what drugs were involved in cases of the largest criminal fines? END
START what was pfizer accused of illegally marketing? END
START what companies have been involved with health care fraud cases? END
START what do illegal marketing cases fall under? END
START firms such as eli lilly, pfizer, and astrazeneca have settled claims under what act? END
START zyprexa was owned by what company? END
START pfizer was charged with illegally marketing what antipsychotic drug? END
START pfizer settled the geodon lawsuit for how much money? END
START how much did eli lilly settle the illegal marketing suit for? END
START what drugs were involved in cases of the largest johnson & johnson fines? END
START what was johnson & johnson accused of illegally marketing? END
START what companies have been involved with wrongdoing? END
START what do johnson & johnson marketing cases fall under? END
START who were some of the companies that encouraged the interactions between doctors and the pharmaceutical industry? END
START when did the article come out about the importance of interactions? END
START what was the reason behind these interactions? END
START what was believed to have created a financial conflict of interest? END
START who printed the article about the importance of interactions? END
START what publication had an article about the importance of pharmaceutical industry-physician interactions in 2015? END
START when was the editorial published? END
START did major healthcare organizations support or discourage interactions between doctors and industries? END
START who were some of the companies that encouraged the interactions between doctors and the national center for advancing translational sciences of the national institutes of health? END
START when did the article come out about the importance of doctors? END
START what was the reason behind these conflicts? END
START what was believed to have created physician interactions? END
START who printed the article about the importance of malfeasance? END
START who conduced an investigation on doctors? END
START billions of dollars have been paid by which companies? END
START how much was discovered to have been paid to doctors by drug companies? END
START what was the reason these companies have to pay fines? END
START how many doctors have been paid by varies companies? END
START a propublica study found that some doctors were being paid how much money for speeches? END
START half of the top earners were mostly in what field? END
START drug manufacturers paid off doctors a total of how much money? END
START who conducted an investigation on drugs? END
START billions of drugs have been paid why which companies? END
START how much was discovered to have been paid to drug companies by doctors? END
START what was the reason these doctors have to pay fines? END
START how many companies have been paid by various doctors? END
START why are collaborative agreements important? END
START how do large corporations show vertical integration? END
START what are large companies relying on outside organizations for? END
START what are smaller organizations responsible for? END
START what type of integration do large corporations often do? END
START what type of integration do smaller organizations do? END
START what type of agreements are made to research potential new drugs? END
START what type of organizations are multinational corporations increasingly rely on? END
START why is collaborative distribution important? END
START how do large corporations show multi-nationals integration? END
START what are large companies relying on outside marketing for? END
START what are smaller drugs responsible for? END
START what type of integration do large drugs often do? END
START who is the core guide? END
START who is responsible for approving drugs in the united kingdom? END
START after an approval in the united states, when does an approval occur in the united kingdom and other countries? END
START who decides how nhs will allow drugs? END
START who does the evaluations for drugs in the united kingdom? END
START what uk firm approves pharmaceutical drugs? END
START what uk organization evaluates drugs?  END
START what firm in england and wales decides if the nhs allows drugs? END
START what is the name of the core guide for pharmacists and clinicians? END
START who is the core clinician? END
START who is responsible for approving drugs in the nhs? END
START after an approval in the uk, when does an approval occur in the nhs and other countries? END
START who decides how the usa will allow drugs? END
START who does the evaluations for drugs in the united states? END
START what is subject to the orphan drug act? END
START what is given to companies who develop drugs for "orphan diseases"? END
START why are these companies rewarded? END
START what is a term for rare diseases in some territories? END
START what size of disease populations are subject to the orphan drug act? END
START what is one financial benefit to researching orphan drugs? END
START what is the length of time of market exclusivity of an orphan drug? END
START what is subject to patients in the united states? END
START what is given to companies who develop rules for "orphan diseases"? END
START why are these rules rewarded? END
START what is a term for rare rules in some territories? END
START what size of disease populations are subject to patents? END
START who argued against regulators? END
START who argued that drug regulators were greater serving the interests of the drug companies than the patients? END
START the business friendships between which parties have been criticized? END
START goldacre argued that which party didn't require that new drugs be improved at all? END
START who argued against the public? END
START who argued that drug regulators were greater serving the interests of patients than the drug companies? END
START the business friendships between which parties have been praised? END
START the fda argued that which party didn't require that new drugs be improved at all? END
START who argues that regulators do not require that new regulators offer an improvement? END
START nice decides the availability of drugs in which two countries? END
START what is the name of the organization in scotland that decides the availability of drugs? END
START what threshold must a drug pass before it is approved? END
START qaly decides the availability of drugs in which two countries? END
START what is the name of the organization in wales that decides the availability of drugs? END
START what threshold must a wales pass before it is approved? END
START where does qaly decide whether decide in what circumstances drugs and technologies will be made available? END
START what must the nhs do in order to be approved? END
START how much money did the top ten bestselling drugs make in 2013? END
START what was the name of the top-selling anti-inflammatory drug in 2013? END
START what was the bestselling drug in history? END
START how much money did lipitor make before the patent expired? END
START in what year did pfizer's patent over lipitor expire? END
START how much money did the top ten bestselling drugs make in 2011? END
START what was the name of the top-selling anti-inflammatory drug in 2011? END
START what was the bestselling drug in 2011? END
START how much money did lipitor make after the patent expired? END
START in what year did humira's patent over lipitor expire? END
START how long do drug exclusivity rights usually last? END
START governments grant permission to market drugs after how many years? END
START what enables a drug's owner to recover r&d costs? END
START what kind of drug is produced by competitors once a patent expires? END
START what decade was the pharmaceutical industry's "golden era"? END
START how long do company exclusivity rights usually last? END
START governments grant permission to market companies after how many years? END
START what enables a drug's owner to recover patent costs? END
START what kind of drug is produced by competitors once an industry expires? END
START what decade was the pharmaceutical industry's "drug era"? END
START the safety and efficacy of new drugs must be approved by what organization in the us? END
START what type of filing is used before beginning human trials? END
START how many phases of human trials may be done after ind approval? END
START what type of application is filed after completing three phases of human trials? END
START what type of risk assessment results in approving the drug to go on the market? END
START what organization in the us must approve the safety and efficacy of testing? END
START what type of filing is used before beginning risk assessment? END
START how many phases of human trials may be done after review? END
START what type of application is filed after completing three phases of products? END
START what type of risk assessment results in approving the drug to go on to studies? END
START "drug reps" are usually hired by what type of firms? END
START what law regulates drug marketing in the us? END
START who do drug reps market to? END
START "us reps" are usually hired by what type of firms? END
START what law regulates drug marketing in some countries? END
START who do us reps market to?  END
START who do us companies generally employ? END
START what is marketing of media in the us regulated by? END
START drug reps have been accused of giving what to health professionals? END
START drug marketers have hired who as paid consultants? END
START what publications can drug ads be commonly found? END
START what have drug reps been accused of giving to conferences? END
START conferences have hired who as paid consultants? END
START what publications can advisory boards be commonly found in? END
START who has been accused of influencing consultants? END
START what has stopped controversy? END
START in what year ce did the second muslim civil war end? END
START during what period did the berber revolt occur? END
START what branch took over umayyad leadership during the second civil war? END
START what caused unrest in the provinces inside syria? END
START in what years did the first muslim civil war occur? END
START when did leadership shift from the marwanid branch to the sufyanid branch? END
START what year was the caliphate of cordoba started? END
START what war strengthened the umayyads? END
START in what year was ali killed? END
START who killed ali? END
START who made peace with muawiyah i? END
START where was the capital of the umayyad dynasty? END
START when was a kharijite partisan killed? END
START who was the first imam for the shias? END
START who followed the conditions of the agreement? END
START who refused to hand over power to muawiyah? END
START who was regarded as a fool? END
START what form of tax were christians required to pay? END
START who was the mother of yazid? END
START what was maysum's religion? END
START what populations did not have autonomy? END
START who ended the muslim welfare state? END
START what religion never held prominent positions in the caliphate? END
START what caused muawiya to become less popular? END
START what part of the empire remained largely jewish? END
START how many major islamic caliphates existed after muhammad's death? END
START who was the third caliph? END
START who founded the umayyad regime? END
START how many million square miles was the umayyad caliphate at its largest size? END
START how many islamic caliphates existed before the death of muhammad? END
START who was the first caliph? END
START when did the first muslim civil war begin? END
START what was the first major islamic caliphate? END
START how many square miles big was the umayyad caliphate at it's smallest? END
START when did muawiyah become caliph? END
START when did the caliphate of uthman ibn affan end? END
START who was the son of al-hakam ibn abi al-'as? END
START who was the second ruler to asset the umayyads' right to rule on dynastic principal? END
START who do most historians think was the first rules of the umayyad dynasty? END
START which caliphate witnessed the downfall of the umayyad clan? END
START who was marwan ibn al-hakam'a top advisor? END
START why can uthman be considered the founder of a dynasty? END
START what opposition movement was based in arabia and basra? END
START who sent an army in 683 to stop the opposition movements? END
START in what battle was the medinese opposition movement defeated? END
START where is the kaaba located? END
START how many opposition movements was husayn associated with? END
START what mosque in medina was repaired? END
START what army laid siege to arabia? END
START what became a cause for the celebration of the umayyads in later histories? END
START who dispatched an army to help the opposition movements? END
START what is another term for the umayyads? END
START traditionally, who did the umayyads and muhammad both descend from? END
START from what city did the umayyads originate? END
START what son of abd-shams was the ancestor of the umayyads? END
START who did abd manaf ibn qusai descend from? END
START who suspects that muhammad was an adopted son? END
START which historians agree with the muslim shia historians? END
START who was married to the grandson of abdullah bin amr bin uthman? END
START who was the grandson of zaid bin amr bin uthman bin affan? END
START where did muawiyah fight ali? END
START who was appointed arbitrator by ali? END
START in what battle did ali fight the kharjites? END
START what did the term kharjites mean? END
START who did ali fight against before this battle? END
START who was appointed as an arbitrator before the battle? END
START who convinced the others that a new caliph should not be elected? END
START what group's name means "those who stay"? END
START what was the slogan of those who stayed with ali's force? END
START who controlled iraq before the arabs? END
START who ruled syria before it was conquered by the followers of muhammad? END
START who was the second caliph? END
START what book never mentioned racial equality? END
START what was encouraged in the quran? END
START what started to resurface before muhammad's passing? END
START who was soft on the governors? END
START what area wanted the capital of the islamic state to be outside their area? END
START how many top leaders of the umayyads were killed in the battle of badr? END
START who did the umayyads fight in the battle of badr? END
START what do historians see as the first military defeat of islam? END
START who was the spouse of abu sufyan? END
START who was the son of abu sufyan? END
START how many top leaders of the umayyads survived the battle of badr? END
START who was the grandson of abu sufyan ibn harb? END
START who fought a battle only a year before the battle of badr? END
START what battle was the last defeat for the muslims? END
START who was the daughter of hind? END
START what tax did non-muslims pay in the umayyad period? END
START what was another term for muslims who were not arab? END
START along with christians and jews, what was a major non-muslim religious group under the umayyads? END
START what tax did muslims pay in the umayyad period? END
START what was a term for arabs who were not muslim? END
START who encouraged conversions in order to make more revenue? END
START who insisted on different treatment of arab and non-arab muslims? END
START who added more obstacles to conversion to islam for non-arabs? END
START when did uthman die? END
START what tribe did ali belong to? END
START along with being his cousin, what relationship did ali have to muhammad? END
START where was the capital before ali changed it? END
START what does fitna mean? END
START when was uthman born? END
START why did ali meet with little resistance? END
START when did the second fitna occur? END
START who was the wife of marwan i? END
START who did not want conflict? END
START what group murdered uthman ibn al-affan? END
START who was marwan i related to? END
START who adopted muhammad ibn abi bakr? END
START who was the great grandson of muhammad ibn ali bakr? END
START who feared that muslim armies would turn away from wealth? END
START why did early muslim armies stay inside of cities? END
START who murdered the egyptians? END
START who assumed power when marwan i became very old? END
START who was the son of muhammad ibn abi bakr? END
START where did ibn al-zubayr flee to in 680? END
START who did al-husayn send to kufa? END
START what did ubayd-allah bin ziyad rule? END
START who did ubayd-allah bin ziyad murder? END
START when did ibn al-zubayr flee mecca for medina? END
START who was the sole female survivor of the caravan? END
START who was not able to disperse the crowd that had gathered? END
START who requested a message be sent to ubayd-allah bin ziyad to prevent his immigration to kufa? END
START who led husayn's forces? END
START when did muhammad bin wasim sail to pakistan? END
START along with the punjab, what did muhammad bin wasim conquer? END
START at what battle did the hindus of india defeat the umayyads? END
START to what dynasty did vikramaditya ii belong? END
START who was a notable king in this period from the pratihara dynasty? END
START who sailed away from pakistan in 712? END
START what year did muhammad bin qasim leave pakistan? END
START what conquests were easy for umayyad caliphate? END
START who stopped india from invading the arabs? END
START when did the south indian emperor give up conquering the arabs? END
START where was the dome of the rock built? END
START in what year was the dome of the rock finished? END
START during whose reign was the dome of the rock constructed? END
START what was the first major event of the early reign of abd al-mali? END
START what year did construction of the dome of the rock begin? END
START why was the kaaba built? END
START when was the kaaba under construction? END
START what year was the kaaba completed? END
START who was the son of sarjun? END
START along with rhodes, what byzantine possession did muawiyah occupy? END
START who group of christians rose up against muawiyah? END
START what did muawiyah found in north africa? END
START who discouraged peaceful coexistence with the christians in syria? END
START who was muawiyah's least close adviser? END
START when were rhodes and crete freed from occupation? END
START who oversaw a military withdrawal in north africa? END
START where did muawiya shrink military expansion in? END
START who was the son of yazid? END
START when did muawiya ii's reign begin? END
START who had the support of the confederation of qays? END
START from whom was marwan descended? END
START in what year did the battle of marj rahit occur? END
START what army left damascus? END
START who was recognized as caliph outside of syria? END
START who was a descendant of marwan? END
START what year did the partisans of marwan lose a battle? END
START what city did the partisans of marwan lose a battle near? END
START who was the father of abd al-malik? END
START when did abd al-malik's rule begin? END
START where was al-mukhtar based?  END
START who was the father of muhammad ibn al-hanafiyyah? END
START in what year did ibn al-zubayr die? END
START who succeeded abd al-malik? END
START what span of years did marwan rule? END
START who was another son of muhammad ibn al-hanafiyyah? END
START when did the umayyads defeat the troops of al-mukhtar near mosul? END
START who appointed the governors in the umayyad empire? END
START where was the government of the umayyads based? END
START along with army leaders, police and civil administration, what did the governor control in his province? END
START what was not divided into several pieces? END
START what did the borders of the empire do before the umayyad reign? END
START who appointed the khalifah? END
START what did governors do with the extra tax revenue in the early years of the dynasty?  END
START when did the central power of the umayyad rulers increase? END
START what was the main city of tokharistan? END
START what was the central part of transoxiana called? END
START in what year did the day of thirst occur? END
START what notable battle occurred in 731? END
START who was the leader of the revolt of 734? END
START who suffered worse defeats in the west? END
START what area was easy to govern? END
START what was the umayyad victory in 724 called? END
START what governor stuck to his promise of tax relief to the sogdians? END
START who was able to capture merv? END
START what group were the hashimiyya a sect of? END
START who led the hashimiyya movement? END
START of what clan were the abbasids members of? END
START what year saw the death of abu hashim? END
START who was named successor by abu hashim? END
START what was a sub-sect of the hashimiyya movement? END
START who led the kaysanites shia? END
START who named muhammad ibn al-hanafiyya as his successor? END
START what failed to rally the supporters of the failed revolt? END
START who represented themselves as the supporters of ali? END
START when did the umayyads begin to occupy iberia? END
START what was the final year that the umayyads held narbonne? END
START who defeated the arabs at the battle of tours? END
START in what year did the berber revolt begin? END
START what was marwan ii's name before he became caliph? END
START what paved the way towards an occupation of the umayyads by the iberians? END
START when did the occupation of iberia end? END
START what year did the caliphate's expansion in the west start? END
START at what battle did the arabs defeat the franks? END
START when did the arab army win a major victory at the battle of marj ardabil? END
START who was the father of hisham? END
START when did hisham's reign start? END
START where did hisham base his court? END
START what notable defeat was suffered by the arabs under hisham? END
START in what part of syria was resafa located? END
START who was the first son of abd al-malik to become caliph? END
START what years did the first son of abd al-malik rule? END
START whose reign was marked by the acceleration of military expansion? END
START who stopped hostilities against the byzantines? END
START who was the final son of hirsham? END
START what was the name of muawiyah's wife? END
START what tribe did muawiyah's wife belong to? END
START what was the religion of muawiyah's wife's tribe? END
START what was the ethnicity of the kalb tribe? END
START where was the kalb tribe based? END
START who was the chief of the kalb tribe? END
START who did the chief of the kalb tribe marry? END
START whose marriage was motivated by love? END
START who used the jacobite christians against the muslims? END
START when did muawiyah dissolve the navy? END
START what umayyad ruler is regarded as especially just and pious by sunni scholars? END
START for whom did umar end the jizya? END
START in what year did umar ibn ad al-aziz die? END
START what was umar ibn ad al-aziz's cause of death? END
START what group did umar ibn ad al-aziz grant liberties to? END
START what umayyad ruler is hated by sunni sources? END
START when was umar ibn abd al-aziz born? END
START what happened when later governments tried to continue umar ibn abd al-aziz's tax policies? END
START what unanimously praised most of the umayyad rulers? END
START who established the jizya tax? END
START who became leader of the khurasan hashimiyya in approximately 746? END
START what symbol did abu muslim use in his revolt against the umayyads? END
START who was the umayyad governor of khurasan who was defeated by abu muslim? END
START when did the hashimiyya conquer kufa? END
START where did marwan die? END
START who carried out a revolt under the sign of the white flag? END
START what year was control of khurasan established? END
START what was the first umayyad stronghold in iraq? END
START when was marwan recognized as the new caliph in the mosque at kufa? END
START what month was abu muslim killed in egypt? END
START in the later abbasid era, what branch of islam did iran adhere to? END
START what notable work of islamic history was written in iran during the later abbasid period? END
START what group was notably disliked in iran after the persian empire fell? END
START what are the books written early in the abbasid period like? END
START when was there not much anti arab feeling in iran? END
START what did this anti arab feeling fail to influence? END
START what was a small collection of texts? END
START what was a collection meant only for current generations? END
START what is the meaning of the term kurdus in english? END
START what caliph reigned from 740 to 750? END
START what style of dress did arab troops wear under marwan ii? END
START along with artillery and infantry, what was the third division of umayyad troops under marwan ii? END
START what did the umayyads call the mangonel? END
START who didn't change the diwan of umar? END
START what did the byzantines pattern their army organization on? END
START how many corps did the byzantines have? END
START who reintroduced the old division? END
START in what fashion were greek troops armed? END
START who first brought a postal service into umayyad lands? END
START along what highway did umar bin abdul-aziz build caravanserais? END
START along with horses and camels, what animals were used by the postal service? END
START in dirhams, what was the yearly cost of the iraqi postal service when yusuf bin umar was governor? END
START in kilometers, how far apart was each stage of the umayyad highways? END
START who ended the postal service? END
START who shrunk the reach of the postal service throughout his empire? END
START who stopped the use of horses in the postal service? END
START what service primarily met the needs of private citizens?  END
START what did the postal department of iraq cost per year under abd al-malik? END
START what nation lost the battle of yarmouk? END
START who was the byzantine leader at the battle of yarmouk? END
START along with syria, where did the muslims extend their control after the battle of yarmouk? END
START who was the father of yazid ibn abi sufyan? END
START along with muawiyah, abu sufyan ibn harb and yazid ibn abi sufyan, what notable muslim participated in the battle of yarmouk? END
START what is an example of a late history book? END
START what were muawiyah's father and brothers appointed as before they converted to islam? END
START who appointed muhammad as a commander? END
START who never fought at the battle of yarmouk? END
START what battle did the byzantines win? END
START what were non-muslim groups under the umayyads called? END
START along with berbers, zoroastrians and christians, what notable non-muslim group existed in the umayyad caliphate? END
START along with jews, what non-muslim religion produced notable theological works under the umayyads? END
START what were muslim groups in the umayyad caliphate called? END
START who was given a legally protected status as first class citizens? END
START what were muslims banned from holding in the empire? END
START what led to a lack of great thinkers in muslim communities? END
START what were non-muslims not required to acknowledge?  END
START what is another name for people who recently converted to islam? END
START who argued that the umayyads regarded islam as a particularly aristocratic faith? END
START what sorts of families did the umayyads show favor to? END
START which caliphate was not marked by territorial expansion? END
START who favored the rights of newly converted muslims? END
START who did the mawali show favor to? END
START who had a more universalist conception of islam than their rivals? END
START what christian saint was also an umayyad administrator? END
START what tax collectors did the umayyads often leave in place after they conquered regions? END
START in addition to criticism received for employing non-muslims, for what notable reason did some muslims criticize the umayyads? END
START what did many muslims praise the umayyads for? END
START who removed the people's political representatives as they took over? END
START what was the central government not paid for? END
START what did many muslim cities use some of their taxes for? END
START who reduced the taxes of the people who converted to islam? END
START what arabic term did the umayyad caliphs use to refer to themselves? END
START where was the abbasid court based? END
START what is the arabic term for kingship? END
START what was the tradition arabic title used by caliphs? END
START what does khalifat allah translate to in english? END
START who has a positive reception from later islamic historians? END
START what is a term for kingship that has connotations of freedom? END
START who calls the umayyads a true caliphate? END
START who saw a need to share religious power with the religious scholars? END
START what histories were written outside the abbasid court? END
START what is another term for asphalt? END
START besides occurrences in canada, where in the us is asphalt found? END
START how much of the planet's asphalt is located in canada? END
START what is the area amount of the canadian asphalt deposits? END
START where does most of canada's asphalt end up these days? END
START along with the state of iowa, where else does asphalt occur in unconsolidated sandstones? END
START comprised of four large deposits, in which province are most of the world's natural bitumen reserves located? END
START where does most of the canadian oil supply end up? END
START what is the total area of the cambodian asphalt deposits? END
START what group initially made use of asphalt? END
START for what purpose did american indians use asphalt?  END
START what sort of deposits does asphalt overlay? END
START what would early users of asphalt want to achieve by putting it on baskets? END
START on what type of boat was asphalt used to seal planks? END
START the foreign people were the first to use what in the new world? END
START what group was the first to use shell beads? END
START what was used on shell beads to adhere gourds? END
START what was used on turtle shells to provide decorations? END
START what was used on turtle shells as a sealant? END
START what is used asphalt turned back into? END
START how much of yearly acquired asphalt is reclaimed? END
START what percentage of new roadways are surfaced with asphalt? END
START during what action is asphalt often reclaimed? END
START for what reason is asphalt removed from a road?  END
START where can the removed surveys be returned for processing into new mixtures? END
START where is the deactivated asphalt put back to use? END
START 99% percent of what are constructed by using asphalt? END
START how often does the federal asphalt administration conduct surveys? END
START 99% of asphalt that is removed from road surfaces during what type of projects is reused for conducting industry surveys? END
START how many asphalt upgraders operate in alberta? END
START what synthetic product is produced by upgraders? END
START besides crude oil, what does the suncor energy plant produce? END
START where is a sixth upgrader being built in alberta? END
START how much of the production of the redwater plant will into diesel fuel? END
START how many bitumen upgraders produce synthetic crude oil in edmonton? END
START when is the seventh upgrader scheduled to be under construction? END
START the sixth upgrader will upgrade two thirds of what? END
START the remainder of the output will be sold to suncor energy as what? END
START where is the shell oil upgrader located? END
START about what temperature is asphalt shipped? END
START to promote what characteristic is diesel oil added to asphalt for shipping? END
START what is the liquefied mixture called?  END
START what truck feature is occasionally used to keep asphalt warm? END
START due to what concerns is diesel fuel no longer used as a release agent for transporting asphalt? END
START to retain liquidity, what is sometimes mixed in with engine exhaust? END
START diesel oil or kerosene is often mixed into what to retain warmth?  END
START due to what kind of concerns is diesel oil now used as a release agent? END
START environmental concerns are the reason engine exhaust is no longer used as what? END
START what ancient group used bitumen extraction? END
START when were the first published reports of bitumen extraction in albania? END
START what government had exploitation rights for bitumen extraction? END
START when were the ottoman rights given to the simsa company? END
START when was management of albanian bitumen acquired by the french? END
START the last known mentions of albanian bitumen appeared in what year? END
START the albanian coquand published the first description of what? END
START when were the exploitation rights given to the roman empire?  END
START when did simsa receive the industrial scale? END
START what was transferred to simsa in 1917? END
START what is the last origination of the word asphalt? END
START from what language does asphalt initially come? END
START what are the meanings of the greek word for asphalt? END
START what is the french term for natural asphalt? END
START to construct what feature was asphalt brought to babylon? END
START from where is the word limestone derived? END
START in greek, what is the term asphalte used for? END
START according to who was bitumen brought to greece to build a giant wall? END
START in what language is asphalte used for synthetically occurring bitumen soaked limestones? END
START how are the words bitumen and asphalt frequently used? END
START where is bitumen the usual term for refined residue from crude oils? END
START what is asphalt called outside of the us? END
START what group likes the term bitumen instead of asphalt? END
START what is a naming term for asphalt? END
START the term asphalt is often preferred by who? END
START tar is an archaic term for what? END
START pitch and what other term are often used interchangeably? END
START another way to say asphalt tar is to simply say what ? END
START what is the substance usually called outside of the la brea tar pits? END
START from where does most asphalt come? END
START what are the sources of natural deposits of asphalt? END
START how much heat is required for the natural production of asphalt? END
START besides heat, what other requirement is needed to form asphalt? END
START what other product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and petroleum  produce? END
START most of the petroleum used for commercial purposes is obtained from what? END
START current living things are the source of what? END
START what product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and microscopic algae produce? END
START besides pressure, what is required to form mud? END
START besides heat, what is required to form besides pressure, what is required to form mud?? END
START what is the name of the world's greatest deposit of bitumen? END
START where are the athabasca oil sands located? END
START what formative period  produced bitumen? END
START how old are the athabasca deposits? END
START what percentage of recovery of bitumen is by oil wells? END
START located in the mcmurray formation, what is the smallest deposit of natural bitumen known as?  END
START located in the peace river, what is the largest deposit of natural bitumen known as?  END
START the two largest formations occur in the oil sands of which river?  END
START the two largest formations occur in the oil sands of which lake?  END
START what is the other 70% produced by?  END
START in what early technology was bitumen used? END
START what photographer used bitumen to make the earliest extant nature picture? END
START what feature of bitumen use in photography made it impractical? END
START during what period was bitumen used in printing processes? END
START exposure to what natural element was necessary for early photographic plates? END
START what was used in early photomechanical technology? END
START what did spanish scientist joseph nicphore nipce use to make the oldest surviving photograph? END
START exposure to darkness did what to the bitumen and also made it insoluble?  END
START what did exposure to light harden and make soluble? END
START when did the spanish scientist use bitumen to make a photograph from nature? END
START when was the first british patent for the use of bitumen? END
START when did richard tappin claridge patent asphalt for use in pavement? END
START where had claridge previously seen asphalt used as pavement? END
START what type of pavement techniques had already been tried by a competitor of claridge? END
START what friend of claridge's was helpful in introducing asphalt for use in pavements? END
START in what year was cassell's patent france or belgium issued? END
START the second patent, cassell's patent, was issued in which year? END
START on what day did claridge's patent #5309 patent the use of seyssel asphalt?  END
START in 1845 richard tappin claridge patented the use of what? END
START when was the second british patent for using bitumen issued? END
START since what date has asphalt been used for road paving in the us? END
START in front of what nj building was the street paved with asphalt in 1870? END
START what natural substance was used in early road pavings? END
START from what virginia  mines was asphalt obtained for early street pavings? END
START for what purpose was asphalt used in swimming pools and baths? END
START ever since 1773, roads in the united states have been paved with what? END
START what have been paved with asphalt since at least 1920? END
START what was ritchie mines used to waterproof during the 20th century? END
START when was new york's, pennsylvania avenue paved? END
START what was nj city hall used for during the early 20th century? END
START in what year was asphalt used for uses aside from road paving? END
START in what places were asphalt used as waterproofing? END
START for what reason was asphalt used in the flooring of buildings? END
START when was claridge's asphalt the most often used?  END
START many of what were granted in france, but denied in britain? END
START in what year was asphalt used for things other than bathing? END
START in what places were asphalt used as soundproofing? END
START why was asphalt used in the flooring of patents? END
START what were often granted in britain, but denied in france? END
START what were often denied throughout france, germany and england? END
START who experimented with bitumen extraction techniques to make shipping easier? END
START when did ells begin using bitumen as a paving in alberta? END
START what researcher patented a hot water oil process to separate bitumen? END
START who constructed the bitumont oil separation plant? END
START for what was most of the the bitumont plant's output was used for waterproofing? END
START from when was the value of dr. clark's method obvious? END
START the means of implanting what were not obvious? END
START the largest fur trading post was in what town? END
START in what year did karl clark use bitumen to pave 600 feet of road in edmonton? END
START in what year did sidney ells use bitumen to pave 900 feet of road in edmonton? END
START what property of bitumen makes it difficult to move through pipelines? END
START what industry is capable of refining bitumen directly into gasoline without preprocessing? END
START why do refineries like to buy bitumen instead of synthetic oil? END
START how much canadian bitumen was exported to the us by 2015? END
START what type of oils does canadian bitumen differ substantially from? END
START other than mexican extra-heavy oil, what type of oil does canadian bitumen not differ greatly from? END
START other than venezuelan-light oil, what type of oil does canadian bitumen not differ greatly from? END
START what type of oils does american bitumen not differ substantially from? END
START in what areas is this uncommon? END
START what does mixing bitumen with water create? END
START what percentage of bitumen is found in bitumen/water emulsions? END
START what are the two types of bitumen emulsions? END
START what are some bitumen emulsions blended with to make a low-cost product? END
START what kind of asphalt pavements an cold-mix asphalt resemble? END
START what allows asphalt to be mixed at higher temperatures? END
START up to 80% of asphalt emulsions is what? END
START less than 5% of asphalt emulsions is comprised of what? END
START how many types of chipseals with different affinities are there? END
START where is naturally occurring bitumen in rock being developed as a feed stock for petroleum production? END
START how much area does canada's natural bitumen cover? END
START where does canada rank in world's oil supplies? END
START what is canada's only surface bitumen mine? END
START what is the amount of bitumen that can be extracted in alberta? END
START how much area does the smallest supply of natural bitumen, in canada, cover? END
START which country has the third-largest known oil preserves in the world? END
START oil prices decreased after which year?  END
START by what year did canadian oil sands production average 2.3 million barrels per day? END
START by what year did athabascan crude asphalt/bitumen production average 2.3 million barrels per day? END
START besides fuels and paving, what accounts for most of the other use of bitumen? END
START what lacquer is bitumen used to make for iron and steel production? END
START why is japan black used for outdoor paint? END
START besides weather resistance, why else is japan black used in paints? END
START what product is bitumen used in manufacturing as a sealant? END
START what accounts for nearly all the remaining graffiti consumption? END
START other uses of paint or ink include cattle sprays, fence- post treatments and what else? END
START cattle sprays can be used to seal what type of batteries? END
START what lacquer is known for its use on paint and ink? END
START what lacquer is used to make the color lighter? END
START what language originated the word bitumen? END
START what does the sanskrit word translate as? END
START to what english word does the latin translate? END
START  through what language did bitumen pass to reach english? END
START to what word does the anglo saxon translate? END
START where did the expression "french" originate? END
START where did the french expression "bitumen" originate? END
START what does the anglo saxon word kitt mean? END
START what does the german word cwidu mean? END
START what does the norse word kitt mean? END
START to what similar substance can asphalt be confused? END
START for what was coal tar used in road paving? END
START what is the common word is used to describe the combination of tar and macadam? END
START what use has pushed out the need to produce roads with coal tar? END
START instead of tar, what does the la brea tars pits contain? END
START what is a blood orange color and sometimes confused with "coal tar"? END
START which similar endothermic material is sometimes confused with asphalt?  END
START which similar oil can asphalt be confused with? END
START coal tar has totally overtaken the use of asphalt since which decade? END
START what was used as pitch for road aggregates? END
START who described the use of bitumen and pitch to tar ships? END
START when did belon make his shipbuilding observations? END
START in what year did a french magazine describe the use of asphalt? END
START after what event in france did  asphalt begin to be used for pavements and assorted other uses? END
START where in france in 1835 was asphalt used to lay pavement?  END
START in what year was the rise of constantinople?  END
START in what year was the fall of observations?  END
START in observations, monsieur d'eyrinys described what? END
START in which year did an edition of parisian magazine cite an early use of asphalt in france?  END
START in which year did an edition of mechanics magazine cite an early use of asphalt in spain?  END
START in what year did claridge acquire patents for the use of asphalt? END
START from what french mine did claridge offer asphalt? END
START what did claridge's formation of a company with distinguished backers help inspire?  END
START in what famous place did claridge first begin to lay and test the use of asphalt pavement? END
START by 1838 how many companies beside claridge's were offering asphalt? END
START for how many patents did claridge seek extensions in 1822? END
START the canterbury patent asphalte company was established in what year? END
START who's patent asphalte company was established in 1988? END
START what were made of the pavement in 1838 on the footway of canterbury? END
START what country has the largest deposits of bitumen? END
START for what  did canadian natives use asphalt as a waterproofing material? END
START who was the first european trader to see asphalt? END
START  for what trading company did kelsey work? END
START who was the first european to see the athabascan oil sands? END
START which country has north america's largest deposit of naturally occurring bitumen? END
START canada is home to the world's smallest deposit of what? END
START where is the world's smallest natural bitumen deposit located? END
START in what year did athabasca see the oil sands?  END
START alexander mackenzie was a oil trader and saw the oil sands in what year? END
START what is the percentage of binder in mastic asphalt? END
START how much additional binder does rolled asphalt concrete have? END
START how is asphalt used in the construction industry? END
START prior to spreading, how hot is mastic asphalt heated? END
START what is the usual thickness of the mastic spread on roofs? END
START what percentage of concrete is in mastic asphalt? END
START what is a type of impervious barrier that differs from dense graded asphalt? END
START mastic asphalt is the same as dense graded asphalt because why? END
START rolled asphalt concrete has contains around 7% what? END
START what is widely used in buildings for making asphalt waterproof? END
START what is done to crude bitumen to promote its movement through pipelines? END
START what is the natural gas condensate used to dilute bitumen? END
START what is the synthetic crude additive to bitumen called? END
START what is the usually sold standard blend of bitumen and oils named? END
START in what uniform use was western canadian select meant to excel? END
START because it's easy to move what through pipelines is non upgraded bitumen is usually diluted? END
START what is upgraded bitumen now sold as to meet international competition? END
START what is non-upgraded bitumen now sold as to meet national competition? END
START the bitter and light crude oil mix is designed to competed with what types of oils? END
START the sour and heavy crude oil mix is designed to competed with what types of benchmarks? END
START to what is the organic matter in asphalt similar? END
START what did the alberta bitumen mines begin as? END
START what kind of living materials formed the basis of bitumen? END
START what feature originally covered alberta? END
START what temperatures did the organic deposits need to form bitumen over the eons? END
START bitumen is similar to inorganic matter in what type of meteorites? END
START bitumen varies greatly from organic matter found in what type of meteorites?  END
START thousands of years ago an ancient ocean covered which area? END
START how many years ago were the rocky mountains covered in an ancient ocean? END
START how many years ago did the rocky mountains arise in northeastern alberta? END
START what component is added to bitumen to improve it? END
START to what other paving material is selenizza added? END
START what purpose does selenizza have in the drilling industry? END
START in what form is selenizza offered? END
START how is selenizza shipped? END
START what is mostly used as an additive in constructing recycling rings? END
START what is available in powder or fluid form and offered in various particle sizes? END
START what is selenizza mixed with to improve resistance to bridges? END
START what is selenizza mixed with to worsen viscoelastic properties? END
START what may be mixed with cold bitumen in tanks? END
START to what type of aggregate did asphalt used to refer? END
START what is the mixture of bitumen and minerals called? END
START when mixed wit clay, what is bitumen called? END
START with what word in america, is bitumen used interchangeably? END
START what is the geological term for asphalt? END
START what is the shortened form of asphalt tarmac? END
START bitumen is often used as a generic word for roof shingles in which language? END
START in which industry is concentrated bitumen known as dilbit? END
START which is the preferred geographical term for natural deposits? END
START what type of rock forms from limestone mixed with bitumen? END
START what pigment did 19th century artists use that was deemed unfavorably? END
START what did bitumen when used as a paint not do correctly? END
START what did even limited use of bitumen do to damage paintings? END
START what artist's work i considered to be an example of the damaging effects of bitumen? END
START what major problem did bitumen as a pigment show itself to be?   END
START what was the nemesis of many singers during the 19th century? END
START what was the nemesis of many artists during the 21th century? END
START bitumen proved stable for use in what type of painting? END
START bitumen will always fully solidify when what? END
START what is an example of the destructiveness of linseed oil? END
START which of claridge's two tar macadams was the more successful? END
START when did claridge's company liquidate? END
START what world event caused the end of claridge's company? END
START what was the subsidiary company that lead claridge into ruin? END
START what kind of money did claridge  invest in attempting  to save his companies? END
START in what year was the liquidation of the patent clarmac company? END
START which company's failure had a flow-over effect on the first world war? END
START what did the second world war do? END
START what happened to the clarmac company in 1917? END
START what happened to claridge's company in 1915? END
START what is the biggest use of asphalt? END
START how much is the percentage of use of bitumen for roads is there in the us? END
START how much bitumen is in usual concrete mixtures? END
START what percentage of concrete mixes is aggregates? END
START how many concrete plants are in the us? END
START accounting for nearly 75% of asphalt consumption, what is the largest use of asphalt for? END
START what percentage of bitumen consumption in europe makes up that used for concrete road surfaces? END
START what must happen to plants so they can be mixed with aggregates? END
START what must be cooled so it can mix with aggregates? END
START europe has 0 asphalt concrete mixing plants and the united states has how many? END
START what is synthetic crude oil usually called? END
START where is the mined bitumen taken for refining? END
START who invented the process for removing bitumen from sands? END
START un what decade did clark develop the hot water removal process? END
START how many barrels of crude were upgraders making per day by 2015? END
START what is also known as synclark oil? END
START what type of oil is also known as suncryde? END
START a cold water process is used to extract what from sand? END
START a cold water process is used when extracting bitumen from what? END
START what process did dr. karl clark develop at the university of canada in 1935? END
START how many tons of bitumen ere produced in 1984? END
START what boiling point is considered to be the for asphalt? END
START what method is used to divide asphalt from other materials? END
START what is the process used to harden the asphalt? END
START in processing asphalt, what is the unit used to separate it? END
START how many tons were produced in 1927? END
START about 30,000,000 tons were produced in what year? END
START what is material with a boiling point over 200 degrees celsius considered? END
START asphalt is considered material with a freezing point below how many degrees? END
START which step makes the product less viscous and softer? END
START to what location is selenizza bitumen native? END
START what is it about the mine that is unusual? END
START in what way is selenizza bitumen geologically different than bitumen found in sands?  END
START what is the variance in bitumen content rock asphalt? END
START how is the rock asphalt mainly found? END
START the soluble matter consists mainly of silica ore and ranges from what percentage? END
START what type of matter ranges from 7% to 20%? END
START the veins are found in the form of what? END
START what content varies from 80% to 93%? END
START by what means can humans be exposed to bitumen? END
START what is the nationally set limit for exposure of asphalt in a 15 minute period? END
START how must asphalt be treated to be workable? END
START at what temperatures is heated asphalt seen to be a greater health risk? END
START what feature in the treatment of asphalt in the workplace causes the most potential danger? END
START how can people be exposed to low temperatures while at work? END
START temperatures higher than 300 degrees celsius where shown to do what? END
START what is the rel set by the national institute for research on cancer? END
START what is the acronym for the international agency for research on carcinogenic hazards? END
START who did victoria marry? END
START what is her nickname that she was given because her children married into royal families across the continent? END
START what year did prince albert die? END
START how many children did she have? END
START in the later half of her reign, what happened to her popularity? END
START how many children did queen victoria and prince albert have? END
START what was the year of alberts death? END
START queen victorias golden and diamond jubilees were a time of public what? END
START what was the name the first cousing that victoria married? END
START what was the nickname given to queen victoria because all of her children married into noble families? END
START what was the name of the first cousin that queen victoria was married to? END
START whatyear did victoria marry prince albert? END
START how many children did victoria and albert have? END
START what year did prince albert die? END
START due to victorias mourning over alberts death, what political party gained strength? END
START when did queen victoria get married? END
START what was the name of victoria's husband? END
START what was queen victoria's nickname? END
START when did republicanism gain strength during queen victoria's reign? END
START how many children did queen victoria and prince albert have? END
START who did victoria marry? END
START when were victoria and prince albert married? END
START how many children did victoria and prince albert have? END
START what was victoria's unofficial title? END
START when did prince albert die? END
START who did victoria divorce? END
START what is her nickname that she was given because her siblings married into royal families across the continent? END
START what year didn't prince albert die? END
START how many children didn't she have? END
START in the earlier half of her reign, what happened to her popularity? END
START who was extremely protective over victoria? END
START what system of rules kept her isolated from other children? END
START who was the dutchess' rumored lover? END
START what was victoria's dog's name? END
START during her free time, what did she play with? END
START who did victoria share a bedroom with when she was a child? END
START what languages did victoria take lessons in? END
START what was the only language victoria spoke at home? END
START who was victoria's mothers lover? END
START what is the formal name given to the system of rules victoria was raised under? END
START what system did victorias mother raise her under? END
START who was victorias mothers comptroller? END
START who was rumored to be victorias mothers lover? END
START who was the duchess's suspected lover? END
START what was the name of victoria's childhood dog? END
START what was the kensington system? END
START how did victoria describe her childhood? END
START what languages did victoria study?  END
START what was the name of victoria's king charles spaniel? END
START what are some of the languages that victoria studied? END
START what system was in place to raise and educate victoria; while also rendering her weak and dependent? END
START who was the duchess' comptroller and cohort? END
START who was included in the list of people that the duchess and sir john conroy didn't want the princess victoria associating with? END
START who was extremely unprotective over victoria? END
START what system of rules kept her in contact with other children? END
START who was the dutchess' rumored friend? END
START what was victoria's cat's name? END
START during her free time, what didn't she play with? END
START who was victoria's eighth child? END
START what anaesthetic helped her give birth to her eighth child? END
START what did victoria suffer from after he pregnancies? END
START why did medical professionals advise against using an anaesthetic during childbirth? END
START what did albert complain about victoria? END
START what was the name of victoria's eighth child? END
START what was the name of the new anesthetic given to victoria for the birth of leopold? END
START what year did victoria give birth to her final child? END
START what was the name of victoria's final child? END
START hysteria and loss of control after the birts of many of her children were likely caused by what? END
START when did victoria give birth to her eigth child? END
START what was the name of victorias eighth child? END
START what was the name of the new anesthetic used during leopolds birth? END
START what year was victorias final child born? END
START what was the name of victorias final child? END
START who was victoria's eighth child?  END
START what was the new anastethetic victoria used in her last two childbirths?  END
START when was victoria's final child, beatrice, born?  END
START why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform?  END
START what did albert complain about in letters to victoria after the birth of her children?  END
START what was the name of victoria's eigth child? END
START what was a new anaesthetic being used for childbirth in victoria's time? END
START what was the name of victoria's ninth child? END
START why did members of the clergy oppose the use of chloroform for childbirth? END
START after nine pregnancies, what could victoria have been suffering from that would make her sad and depressed? END
START who was victoria's 18th child? END
START what anaesthetic helped her give birth to her 18th child? END
START what did victoria not suffer from after he pregnancies? END
START why did medical professionals advise using an anaesthetic during childbirth? END
START what did albert not complain about victoria? END
START during which year did victoria's mother die? END
START how did victoria realize that her mother deeply loved her? END
START what was albert ill with? END
START what was prince of wales attending to in dublin? END
START what did victoria blame albert's death on? END
START what year did victoria's mother die? END
START who did victoria blame for her poor relationship with her mother? END
START who took on most of victoria's duties while she grieved her mothers death? END
START what illness was albert suffering from while he helped victoria through her grief? END
START what year did albert die? END
START when did victoria's mother die?  END
START what disease was albert diagnosed with?  END
START when did albert die of his illness?  END
START what was victoria's nickname following alberts death?  END
START who was the prince of wales suspected to be having an affair with?  END
START when did the duchess die? END
START who did victoria blame for the problems between herself and the duchess? END
START what caused prince albert's death? END
START who did victoria blame for prince albert's death? END
START what gossip did prince albert hear about their son? END
START during which year did victoria's mother live? END
START how did victoria realize that her mother slightly loved her? END
START what wasn't albert ill with? END
START what wasn't princess of wales attending to in dublin? END
START what didn't victoria blame albert's death on? END
START who shot at the queen? END
START when was the shooting? END
START what was maclean's occupation? END
START which college were to two boys attending? END
START with what did the college boy's hit the shooter with? END
START who shot queen victoria? END
START what year was the queen shot? END
START who stopped maclean after he shot the queen? END
START how did the schoolboys stop maclean? END
START what did the court determine was the fate for maclean after shooting the queen? END
START what disgruntled poet shot at victoria's carriage on march 2, 1882? END
START what school did the boys who defended the queen with umbrellas attend?  END
START what was the verdict in roderick maclean's trial?  END
START what provoked the attack on queen victoria as she left windsor?  END
START what was victoria's reaction to the verdict? END
START who attempted to assassinate the queen? END
START what was the verdict in maclean's trial? END
START what position did victoria take on being shot at? END
START when did maclean attempt to shoot victoria? END
START why did maclean shoot at victoria? END
START who never shot at the queen? END
START when wasn't the shooting? END
START what wasn't maclean's occupation? END
START which college were to two girls attending? END
START with what didn't the college boy's hit the shooter with? END
START what year did gladstone return to power? END
START how old was gladstone in 1892? END
START what year did gladstone retire? END
START what position did victoria appoint lord rosebery? END
START what year did gadstone return to power? END
START how old was gladstone when he returned to power? END
START what year did gladstone retire? END
START who did victoria appoint to replace gladstone? END
START who replaced lord rosebery the year following his appointment? END
START how old was gladstone after the general election in 1892?  END
START what radical mp did victoria object to being appointed to the cabinet by gladstone?  END
START who did victoria appoint to prime minister after gladstone retired in 1894? END
START who replaced lord rosenbery after only a year of government?  END
START how long did lord salisbury remain as prime minister? END
START who was returned to power in 1892? END
START who did victoria appoint as gladstone's succesor? END
START how did lord roseberry fare as prime minister? END
START who replaced lord roseberry as prime minister? END
START how long was lord sailsbury prime minister? END
START what year did gladstone first get to power? END
START how old was gladstone in 1829? END
START what year didn't gladstone retire? END
START what position didn't victoria appoint lord rosebery? END
START which two people helped lift victoria's body into the coffin? END
START what item from her wedding was victoria dressed in inside her coffin? END
START what color was her dress? END
START who's dressing gown was placed by her side? END
START what year did queen victoria die? END
START what clothing was queen victoria laid to rest in? END
START a plaster cast of what part of alberts body was placed in the coffin with the queen? END
START what was placed in the queens left hand when she was placed in her coffin? END
START where was the funeral of queen victoria held? END
START what did victoria wear upon her death in her coffin?  END
START whose lock of hair was concealed in her left hand by flowers?  END
START when did john brown give victoria his mother's wedding ring?  END
START when was queen victoria's funeral held?  END
START where was queen victoria laid to rest after her death?  END
START where was victoria laid to rest? END
START when was queen victoria's funeral held? END
START what was hidden in queen victoria's hand by her father's family? END
START how was victoria dressed for burial? END
START who placed victoria into her coffin? END
START which three people helped lift victoria's body into the coffin? END
START what item from her wedding was victoria not dressed in inside her coffin? END
START what color wasn't her dress? END
START who's dressing gown was placed outside? END
START what year didn't queen victoria die? END
START who was considered victoria's best and kindest advisor? END
START who did victoria describe as sensible, kind, and amiable? END
START who introduced albert to victoria? END
START what uncle was victoria's favorite adviser? END
START how old was victoria when she met albert? END
START who introduced victoria and albert? END
START what qualities did victoria believe albert posessed when she met him? END
START whom did queen victoria consider her "best and kindest adviser"?  END
START who was victoria not ready to marry at age 17? END
START what was victoria's opinion of albert's appearance?  END
START who did victoria credit for her relationship to albert? END
START what did victoria think of albert at 17 years of age? END
START what were albert's best qualities? END
START how did victoria find albert's looks? END
START how old was victoria when she was introduced to albert? END
START who was considered victoria's worst and kindest advisor? END
START who did victoria describe as unsensible, mean, and amiable? END
START who never introduced albert to victoria? END
START what aunt was victoria's favorite adviser? END
START how old was victoria when she last met albert? END
START what did the queen commission sir robert peel to do? END
START in what year did melbourne resign? END
START which party was sir robert peel a part of? END
START what is the name of crisis where the wives of the tories were replacing the wives of the whigs? END
START what year did melbourne resign? END
START who voted against the bill to end the constitution of jamaica? END
START who did the queen commission to form a new ministry? END
START who returned to office after peel resigned? END
START the removal of the queens bedchamber ladies became known as what? END
START who resigned their position in 1839?  END
START why did the radicals and tories oppose the bill about the constitution of jamaica? END
START what tory did victoria commision after melbourne resigned his postion?  END
START after queen victoria refuse to replace her ladies with wives of tories, what did sir robert peel do?  END
START who did victoria reappoint to the position after the bedchamber crisis?  END
START what did the radicals and tories do that made melbourne resign? END
START which group was resisting the abolisment of slavery and were subsequently removed from power when the bill was voted down? END
START who did robert peel want to replace the ladies of the bedchamber with, instead of wives of whigs? END
START why did peel resign his comission? END
START who returned to office after peel resigned? END
START what did the king commission sir robert peel to do? END
START in what year did melbourne get hired? END
START which party wasn't sir robert peel a part of? END
START what is the name of crisis where the husbands of the tories were replacing the wives of the whigs? END
START who voted for the bill to end the constitution of jamaica? END
START which two countries was victoria trying to improve relations between? END
START how was the house of orleans and the british royal family related? END
START who did victoria stay with in normandy? END
START what year did louis philippe visit england? END
START what year did victoria first visit ireland? END
START what two countries did victoria take a large interest in improving relations between? END
START queen victoria set up meetings between the britian royal family and what house to help improve relations between britain and france? END
START what was the name of the king of normandy that victoria and albert stayed with in 1843 and 1845? END
START who was the first french king to visit queen victoria? END
START what year was victorias first visit to ireland? END
START who was the first french king to visit queen victoria?  END
START what happened to louis philippe after the revolution in france?  END
START where did victoria and her family retreat to safety during a conflict in 1848?  END
START what nation was visited for the first time by victoria in 1849? END
START what french family did victoria try to foster relations with?  END
START what was one of victoria's major concerns? END
START when was louis phillipe deposed? END
START where did victoria and her family go to for safety during the revolutionary scare of april 1848? END
START when was osborne house purchased? END
START which groups were demonstrating and trying to bring about a revolution before, ultimately, failing? END
START which three countries was victoria trying to improve relations between? END
START how was the house of orleans and the british royal family unrelated? END
START who didn't victoria stay with in normandy? END
START what year did louis philippe leave england? END
START what year did victoria first shun ireland? END
START where was orsini from? END
START who did orsini try to assassinate? END
START what position did derby hold? END
START what happened in june 1859? END
START what was the date of an attempted assasination on napoleon? END
START what was the name of the person that attempted to assasinate napoleon? END
START where was the bomb that orsini used to attempt to assasinate napoleon made? END
START who resigned due to the attempt on napoleons life? END
START what was the name of the french military port that opened on 5 august 1858? END
START who survived an assasination attempt by the italian refugee orsini in 1858? END
START who resigned their position following the scandal due to orsini's bomb being made in england?  END
START what new military port in france did victoria and albert visit after the crisis in 1858? END
START why did victoria repremend derby following her visit with napolean iii?  END
START who did victoria recall to office following her disappointment with derby in june of 1859?  END
START who attempted to assassinate napoleon? END
START when did orsinin attempt to assassinate napoleon? END
START how did orsini try to assassinate napoleon? END
START when did victoria ask palmerston to resume his office? END
START where did victoria visit that led her to reprimand derby for the state of the royal navy? END
START where wasn't orsini from? END
START who did orsini try not to assassinate? END
START what position didn't derby hold? END
START what happened in june 1895? END
START what was the date of an assasination on napoleon? END
START who died in 1865? END
START who resigned in 1868? END
START how long was disraeli in office? END
START who was disraeli's rival? END
START what political view did gladstone hold? END
START what year did palmerston die? END
START who let the ministry for a very short time after the death of palmerston? END
START who returned to power after russels brief rule of the ministry? END
START following alberts death, what was the first year that victoria attended the state opening of parliment? END
START who replaced derby after his resignation? END
START what year did pamerston die?  END
START what event did victoria attend in 1866 for the first time following albert's death? END
START what act by victoria granted the ability to vote to working men, but not women?  END
START who replaced derby when he resigned in 1868?  END
START what liberal replaced disraeli after only a few short months in office?  END
START when did palmerston die? END
START who was ultimately returned to office after palmerston's death? END
START when did derby resign? END
START who was derby's replacement? END
START how long did disralei last in office? END
START who died in 1856? END
START who resigned in 1886? END
START how long was disraeli not in office? END
START who wasn't disraeli's rival? END
START what political view didn't gladstone hold? END
START how many kings and princes were invited to the golden jubilee? END
START what year anniversary does the golden jubilee celebrate? END
START who accused karim of spying? END
START what was munshi lying about? END
START what year was victoria's golden jubilee held? END
START what was the name of the waited that was promoted to munshi? END
START whio was equerry frederick ponsonby's father? END
START who discovered that victoria's new munshi lied about his parentage? END
START who did ponsonby report the munshis lies about his parentage to? END
START when was queen victoria's golden jubilee?  END
START what was abdul karim teaching queen victoria after his promotion?  END
START who was karim accused of spying for by victoria's family?  END
START who discovered that karim had lied about his parentage to victoria?  END
START what day did queen victoria celebrate her golden jubilee at a dinner with kings and queens from other nations?  END
START when was victoria's golden jubilee? END
START what is the point of the golden jubilee? END
START who was promoted from waiter to munshi? END
START why did victoria's family disapprove of abdul karim? END
START how long was karim in the queen's employment? END
START how many kings and princes weren't invited to the golden jubilee? END
START what year anniversary does the silver jubilee celebrate? END
START who accused karim of not spying? END
START what wasn't munshi lying about? END
START what year was victoria's silver jubilee held? END
START who was the first reigning monarch from britain to set foot in spain? END
START what year did queen victoria first set foot in spain? END
START what year did victoria stop her annual visits to spain due to the boer war? END
START where did victoria visit instead of spain during the boer war? END
START what year did victoria's second son alfred die? END
START where did victoria stay in spain in 1889?  END
START what war prevented queen victoria from taking her annual trip to france in 1900? END
START what country did victoria visit instead of france during the boer war?  END
START which of queen victoria's children died in july of that year?  END
START where did victoria often go for holiday? END
START in 1889, what was victoria the first reining monarch from britian to do? END
START why did victoria visit ireland in 1861? END
START why was victoria advised not to visit france in april of 1900? END
START what tragedy did victoria face in july of 1900? END
START who was the last reigning monarch from britain to set foot in spain? END
START what year did queen victoria last set foot in spain? END
START what year did victoria start her annual visits to spain due to the boer war? END
START where did victoria visit instead of france during the boer war? END
START what year did victoria's second daughter alfred die? END
START how tall was queen victoria? END
START the extent of victorias political influence became well known after the publishing of what? END
START what year did elizabeth longford write a biography of victoria? END
START what year did cecil woodham smith writ victorias biography? END
START how tall was queen victoria?  END
START who wrote the biography about queen victoria that is now considered to be out of date?  END
START what woman wrote a biography of queen victoria in 1964? END
START when did celcil woodham-smith also write a well recieved biography about victoria?  END
START what was victoria like, physically? END
START when did people really start to understand the political mind of queen victoria? END
START who were two good biographers of queen victoria? END
START when were the best biographies of queen victoria written? END
START what kind of person was victoria? END
START how tall was queen victor? END
START the extent of victorias political influence became unknown after the publishing of what? END
START what year did elizabeth longford read a biography of victoria? END
START what year did cecil woodham smith read victorias biography END
START who read the biography about queen victoria that is now considered to be out of date?  END
START in 1830, what part of england did victoria travel to with dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what town did victoria visit in the center of england on her trip with the dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what years were journeys similar to the queen trip to melvern hills made? END
START who was annoyed that victoria was welcomed at each of her visits to central england? END
START willam was concerned that victoria would was being portrayed as what because of her trips to central england? END
START who took victoria on a trip to malvern hills in 1830? END
START who was annoyed at how well recieved victoria was on her tours of the countryside of england and wales?  END
START where did victoria become seriously ill during one of her trips?  END
START who did victoria dislike so much she banned him from her presence once she became queen?  END
START what position did conroy try and fail to get victoria to appoint him to during her illness and later?  END
START who was victoria convinced to make her secretery when she was very ill? END
START how did victoria feel about all of the trips? END
START what annoyed the king about the way victoria was received at her stops? END
START why did the king dislike victoria taking the trips? END
START when she was made queen, what did victoria do about conroy? END
START in 1803, what part of england did victoria travel to with dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what town did victoria visit in the center of england on her trip without the dutchess of kent and conroy? END
START what years were journeys similar to the king trip to melvern hills made? END
START who was annoyed that victoria wasn't welcomed at each of her visits to central england? END
START willam was concerned that victoria would was being portrayed as what because of her trips to outer england? END
START who was in charge of the governemnt at the time of victorias ascession? END
START what was the name of the whig prime minister at the time of victorias ascession? END
START when was queen victorias coronation held? END
START where was victorias coronation held? END
START how many visitors came to london for victorias coronation? END
START what whig was prime minister during victoria's accession?  END
START who thought that melbourne saw victoria as if she was his daughter?  END
START when did victoria's coronation take place at westminster abbey? END
START how many people visited london for the coronation of queen victoria?  END
START what was victoria's allowance upon becoming queen?  END
START who was leading the government at the time of victoria's accension? END
START what kind of influence was melbourne to victoria? END
START when was victoria's coronation? END
START what major accomplishment did victoria achieve with her civil list allowance? END
START where did queen victoria reside? END
START who was in charge of the government at the time of victorias fall? END
START what was the name of the whig prime minister at the time of victorias fall? END
START when wasn't queen victorias coronation held? END
START where wasn't victorias coronation held? END
START how many visitors left london for victorias coronation? END
START what year was the potato blight in ireland? END
START how long did the great famine last? END
START how many irish people died during the great famine? END
START what was the label given to queen victoria during the great famine? END
START how much money did victoria donate to famine relief? END
START what crisis struck ireland during 1845? END
START how many people died during the great famine in ireland? END
START what was queen victoria called in ireland during the great famine?  END
START what story was later proven false about victoria during the great famine?  END
START how much did queen victoria actually donate to support relief in ireland, making her the top individual donor?  END
START what happened that decimated a large portion of ireland? END
START when did the potato blight begin? END
START how many people did ireland lose to the potato blight? END
START what did the potato blight cause victoria to be called? END
START how much did victoria donate to ireland to help with famine relief? END
START what year was the potato blight in scotland? END
START how long didn't the great famine last? END
START how many irish people lived during the great famine? END
START what was the label given to queen victoria during the great feast? END
START how much money did victoria donate to war relief? END
START when victoria isolated herself from the public, what movement began to grow? END
START where did victoria isolate herself? END
START what was the name of the private estate in scotland that albert and victoria purchased? END
START what year did the queen and albert purchase balmoral castle? END
START what year did a protester attach a note to the door at buckingham palace saying it was to be sold? END
START what private estate did victoria aquire with albert in 1847? END
START where did a protector put a notice because of queen victoria's lack of public appearances in march of 1864? END
START where did victoria visit after leopold advised her to make more public appearances?  END
START what movement gained popularity due to the lack of victoria appearing in public?  END
START what was a major reason victoria's monarchy was not as popular as some others? END
START what did victoria's isolation give way to? END
START who advised vicotria to begin appaering in public? END
START where did victoria visit to become more in the public view? END
START what else did victoria do to try to return her former public image? END
START when victoria isolated himself from the public, what movement began to grow? END
START where did victoria not isolate herself? END
START what was the name of the public estate in scotland that albert and victoria purchased? END
START what year did the king and albert purchase balmoral castle? END
START what year did the queen and albert sell balmoral castle? END
START what year was the indian rebellion? END
START what company was dissolved after the indian rebellion? END
START what company ruled much of india before the end of the indian rebellion? END
START who did the queen condemn in the indian rebellion? END
START what ruler was dissolved after the indian rebellion in 1857? END
START who encouraged victoria to issue an official statement on the conflict of the civil war in india?  END
START what happened to the british possesions after the rebellion of 1857?  END
START what statement was replaced in her proclamation about the civil war?  END
START before 1857, who controlled most of india? END
START what caused the british east india company to lose control of india? END
START what happened to the assets of the british east india company after it was removed from power? END
START how did the queen view the indian rebellion? END
START what did victoria believe that an official proclamation transferring control from the company to the monarchy would do? END
START what year was the indian rebellion? END
START what company was dissolved before the indian rebellion? END
START who didn't the queen condemn in the indian rebellion? END
START what company ruled none of india before the end of the indian rebellion? END
START who encouraged victoria to issue an unofficial statement on the conflict of the civil war in india?  END
START what year did victoria fall down the stairs at windsor? END
START after her fall down the stairs, what health issue was victoria plaged with thereafter? END
START who died 10 days after victorias fall down the stairs? END
START who was victorias private secretary during the years following her accident at windsor? END
START how was victoria notified of her youngest son leopolds death? END
START when was queen victoria get injured after taking a fall down some stairs?  END
START who did queen victoria write a biography about that was never published?  END
START where did victoria's youngest son, leopold die?  END
START victoria initially opposed beatrice's marriage to what man?  END
START where did beatrice meet and fall in love with prince henry?  END
START what caused victoria's rheumatism? END
START who died 10 days after victoria's accident? END
START what did victoria begin working on after brown's death? END
START who was opposed to victoria writing a biography of brown? END
START what happened in victoria's life on the day after the one year anniversary of brown's death? END
START what year didn't victoria fall down the stairs at windsor? END
START after her fall up the stairs, what health issue was victoria plaged with thereafter? END
START who lived 10 days after victorias fall down the stairs? END
START what blood clotting disease did victorias youngest son have? END
START how many of victorias daughters were carriers of the blood clotting disease that leopold had? END
START it was believed that victorias true father was a hemophiliac and not who? END
START what is the sex of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia b? END
START how old was victorias father at the time of her conception? END
START what disease did victoria's youngest son have?  END
START which two of victoria's daughters also were carriers for the blood clotting disorder?  END
START who was queen victoria's father rumored to be instead of the duke of kent? END
START what disease affected leopold and was carried by two of victoria's daughters? END
START which royal haemophiliacs are said to have descended from victoria? END
START which of victoria's daughters were carriers of haemophilia? END
START what is a big factor on whether or not an offspring will spontaneously develop haemophilia? END
START in how many births do spontaneous cases of haemophilia arise? END
START what blood clotting disease did victorias oldest son have? END
START how many of victorias sons were carriers of the blood clotting disease that leopold had? END
START it was believed that victorias true mother was a hemophiliac and not who? END
START what is the age of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia b? END
START how old was victorias father at the time of her death? END
START what year did victorias father die? END
START what year did king george iii die? END
START what nationality was queen victorias mother? END
START how old was victoria when she inherited the throne? END
START what was the name of victoria's father?  END
START when did the duke of kent die?  END
START what was victoria's mother's name? END
START at what age did victoria inherit the throne, upon the death of her father's three eldest brothers? END
START who was victoria's father? END
START who raised victoria? END
START when did victoria inherit the throne of england? END
START why did victoria inherit the throne? END
START what kind of government did england have at the time? END
START what year didn't victorias father die? END
START what nationality wasn't queen victorias mother? END
START how old was victoria when she rejected the throne? END
START what wasn't victoria's mother's name? END
START what was victorias place in line of succession to the throne when she was born? END
START what year did victoria's father and grandfather die? END
START what was th elength of time between the deaths of victoria's father and grandfather? END
START what year did the duke of york die? END
START what year did victorias uncle george iv die? END
START what place was victoria in the line of succession after her birth?  END
START whose infant daugheters both died, leaving him without an heir to the throne of england?  END
START when did george iv die?  END
START what was the regency act of 1830? END
START who distrusted the duchesses capability to reign in victoria's place until she became of age?  END
START where did victoria fall in the line of succession? END
START who came in line for the throne before victoria? END
START what happened when victoria's uncle george iv died? END
START who was victoria's last surviving uncle? END
START who was to act as regent if george died while victoria was still a minor? END
START what was victorias place in line of succession to the throne when she died? END
START what year did victoria's father and grandfather survive? END
START what was the length of time between the deaths of victoria's father and brother? END
START what year did the duke of york survive? END
START what year did victorias uncle george v die? END
START on what date did victoria turn 18? END
START on what date did william iv die? END
START how old was william iv when he died? END
START what is the name given to victoria on official documents? END
START what was the exact time that victorias uncle, the king, died? END
START when did victoria turn 18? END
START when did victoria become queen upon william iv's death?  END
START what name was victoria referred to as on only the first day of her reign? END
START how old was victoria's uncle, king willaim on his death?  END
START who informed victoria of her uncle's passing and that she was now to become queen of england?  END
START what caused victoria to become the queen of the united kingdom? END
START who came to tell victoria that she was to be queen of the united kingdom? END
START what name did the first official documents of victoria's monarchy have her listed as? END
START how old was william iv when he died? END
START where did she receive the news that she was to be queen? END
START on what date did victoria turn 81? END
START on what date did william v die? END
START how old was william iv when he survived? END
START what is the name given to victoria on unofficial documents? END
START what was the exact time that victorias uncle, the prince, died? END
START what was the marital status of victoria when she became the queen? END
START whi did victoria have to live with because she was unmarried? END
START victoria and her mother had differences over what system? END
START victoria and her mother had differences over her mothers reliances on who? END
START where was victorias mother assigned to live? END
START what did victoria and her mother disagree on?  END
START whom did victoria's mother continue to rely on, despite victoria's displeasure?  END
START to whom did queen victoria lament that marriage was a shocking alternative to her mother's prescence?  END
START where did both queen victoria and her mother reside after she became queen?  END
START where did victoria live at the beginning of her reign? END
START why did victoria live with her mother at the beginning of her reign? END
START what could have allowed victoria freedom from living with her mother? END
START how did victoria feel about having to be married in order to escape living with her mother? END
START how did victoria feel about the prospect of having to live with her mother, no matter how far away in the palace they put her? END
START what was the marital status of victoria when she became the princess? END
START whi did victoria have to live with because she was married? END
START victoria and her father had differences over what system? END
START victoria and her mother had differences over her fathers reliances on who? END
START where was victorias mother assigned to die? END
START what was the name of the man that tried to shoot queen victoria? END
START on what date did john francis try to shoot queen victoria? END
START where was queen victoria when francis tried to shoot her? END
START what happened to francis after his attempt to shoot victoria? END
START why did francis fail to kill queen victoria? END
START who made two unsuccessful attempts on queen victoria's life in 1842? END
START what was john francis's eventual sentence for the attempt on the queens life?  END
START who shot at queen victoria on july 3, days after john francis's sentence was commuted?  END
START who fired a shot at queen victoria's carriage in 1849? END
START what person recieved a seven year transportation sentence for striking victoria on the head with his cane?  END
START who escaped victoria's guards after attempting to fire a shot at her? END
START what happened to john francis after his second attempt to fire on the queen? END
START what did john william bean try to fire at queen victoria? END
START what were the consequences of john william bean's attempt to fire at the queen? END
START when did william hamilton fire a powder charge at victoria's carriage? END
START what was the name of the man that tried to save queen victoria? END
START on what date did john francis try to help queen victoria? END
START where wasn't queen victoria when francis tried to shoot her? END
START what happened to francis after his attempt not to shoot victoria? END
START why did francis fail to help queen victoria? END
START what political party was russells ministry? END
START what was the name of the foreign secretary that victoria found offensive? END
START to whom did victoria complain about palmerston? END
START what year was palmerston removed from office? END
START what was president bonapartes name changed to? END
START what position did lord palmerston hold? END
START what scandal prompted palmerstons removal in 1851? END
START president bonaparte was declared what in france?  END
START who briefly replaced russell as prime minister?  END
START what did victoria express her displeasure at to russell about palmerton?  END
START who was the foreign secretary of russell's ministry? END
START to what party did russell and palmerston belong? END
START what replaced russell's administration? END
START what happened to president bonaparte in 1852? END
START whom did palmerston fail to gain approval from befoe announcing the support of the british government of napoleon's coup?  END
START what political party wasn't russells ministry? END
START what was the name of the foreign secretary that victoria found ok? END
START to whom didn't victoria complain about palmerston? END
START what year was palmerston upheld in office? END
START what position didn't lord palmerston hold? END
START who did victorias eldest daughter marry? END
START where did victoria's oldest daughter get married? END
START how old was princess victoria when she agreed to marry the prince? END
START how old was princess victoria when she was married? END
START where did princess victoria move to after she was married? END
START who did princess victoria marry at the age of 17?  END
START how old was princess victoria when she became engaged to prince frederick?  END
START where did princess victoria and her husband leave for after their marriage?  END
START what was the name of queen victoria's first grandchild?  END
START what position did wilhelm later hold in germany?  END
START when was victoria's oldest daughter married? END
START how old was victoria's oldest daughter when she was amrried? END
START what did queen victoria hope for the marriage between her daughter and prince frederick william? END
START who was the queen's first grandchild? END
START what future awaited the first grandson of queen victoria? END
START who did victorias youngest daughter marry? END
START where did victoria's youngest daughter get married? END
START how old was princess victoria when she agreed to divorce the prince? END
START how old was princess victoria when she wasn't married? END
START who didn't princess victoria marry at the age of 17?  END
START who was the reigning king of the united kingdom until 1817? END
START who was the only grandchild of george iii until 1817? END
START what year did princess charlotte of wales die? END
START who did the duke of kent marry in 1818? END
START who was queen victorias father? END
START who was the only legitimate grandchild of george iii? END
START who did prince edward marry in 1818 in the hopes of producing a child? END
START who was princess victoria widowed from? END
START what time was queen victoria born on may 24, 1819? END
START who was princess charlotte married to until her death?  END
START who are queen victoria's mother and father? END
START when was queen victoria born? END
START what was queen victoria's father's official title? END
START what was queen victoria's mother's official title? END
START who were princess victoria's children from her previous marriage? END
START who wasn't queen victorias father? END
START who was the reigning king of the united kingdom until 1871? END
START who was the only grandchild of george iii until 1871? END
START what year did princess charlotte of wales get sick? END
START who did the duke of kent marry in 1881? END
START the dutchesses brother leopold was the king of what country? END
START what year did leopold become king of the belgians? END
START who was the nephew of leopold? END
START who was alberts father? END
START how did victoria describe the physical appearance of alexander? END
START who disapproved of the proposed marriage between victoria and albert? END
START who was the man william iv wanted victoria to wed instead?  END
START prince alexander was the second son of whom?  END
START what did victoria think of her suiter, the prince alexander of orange?  END
START how did victoria feel about albert? END
START who wanted to see victoria and albert marry? END
START who opposed victoria marrying albert, or any coburg? END
START who did william iv feel was a suitable husband for victoria? END
START the dutchesses brother leopold was the queen of what country? END
START what year did leopold become king of the belgiums? END
START who was the neice of leopold? END
START who wasn't alberts father? END
START how did victoria describe the mental appearance of alexander? END
START what year did victorias reputation begin to suffer? END
START what was the job of lady flora hastings in victorias household? END
START what health issue did flora hastings develope that began to ruin victorias reputation? END
START what was flora hastings abdominal growth rumored to be? END
START who was rumored to be the father of flora hastings "pregnancy"? END
START what lady in waiting was at the heart of a 1839 court scandal? END
START what was the cause of lady flora's death in july?  END
START with whom did lady flora consipire against queen victoria?  END
START what was queen victoria called after lady flora's death due? END
START who, in victoria's court, was accused of having a pregnancy outside of mariage? END
START who was believed to be the father of lady flor's "baby"? END
START what did victoria think of lady flora? END
START why did victoria hate sir conroy and lady flora? END
START what was actually the cause of lady flora's "pregnancy"? END
START what year did victorias reputation begin to recover? END
START what was the job of sir flora hastings in victorias household? END
START what health issue did flora hastings develop that began to help victorias reputation? END
START what wasn't flora hastings abdominal growth rumored to be? END
START who was rumored to be the mother of flora hastings "pregnancy"? END
START what year was the third french republic established? END
START where was the republica rally held that called for vuictorias removal? END
START who spoke against victoria at the rally in trafalgar square? END
START in 1871, victoria became seriously ill with an abscess on what part of her body? END
START who lanced and treated the abscess on queen victorias arm? END
START how was the republican sentiment in britain changed? END
START where was a rally calling for queen victoria's removal held?  END
START what cutting edge treatment did joseph lister use to treat queen victoria's illness? END
START what disease nearly took the prince of wales life?  END
START what helped to boost the rebublicians in 1870? END
START when did the third french republic come onto the scene? END
START what was a new antiseptic being used to treat abcesses in the 1870's? END
START what disease was contracted by the prince of wales that nearly ended his life? END
START who spoke against victoria at trafalgar square? END
START after what event did the prince of wales' health begin to improve? END
START what year was the third french republic demolished? END
START where was the republica rally held that called for vuictorias promotion? END
START who spoke in support of victoria at the rally in trafalgar square? END
START in 1817, victoria became seriously ill with an abscess on what part of her body? END
START who lanced and never treated the abscess on queen victorias arm? END
START what year was queen victorias first pregnancy? END
START who attempted to assasinate victoria while she was riding in a carriage? END
START how old was edward oxford? END
START who was riding in the carriage with victoria when oxford attempted to assasinate her? END
START how many times did oxford fire the gun at victoria and miss? END
START who tried to assassinate queen victoria while she was pregnant with her first child? END
START when was queen victoria's first daughter born?  END
START queen victoria and prince albert had how many more children after victoria's birth?  END
START what year was albert edward, queen victoria's first born son born?  END
START what major life event was victoria facing when she also had to contend with her first assassination attempt? END
START when was victoria's first assassination attempt? END
START what did the first assassination attempt do for victoria's reign? END
START what was edward oxford charged with after his assassination attempt? END
START what happened to edward oxford to after he was found guilty of high treason? END
START what year was queen victorias last pregnancy? END
START who attempted to assasinate victoria while she was riding in a car? END
START how old wasn't edward oxford? END
START who was riding in the carriage with victoria when oxford attempted to aid her? END
START how many times did oxford fire the gun at victoria and hit? END
START who did victoria try to convince disraeli  to act against during the russo-turkish war? END
START what impact did victorias threats have on the impact of the russo=turkish war? END
START what disraeli policy did victoria endorse? END
START who lost the disraeli general election in 1880? END
START who returned as prime minister when disraeli lost the general election in 1880? END
START what caused queen victoria to threaten to abdicate five times?  END
START what ended the russo-turkish war? END
START why did queen victoria want to take over other countries?  END
START who was elected prime minister after disareli lost the election in 1880? END
START to whom did queen victoria dedicate a memorial after his death for grateful service?  END
START what position did victoria take on how to be a successful and top notch power? END
START who won the 1880 general election? END
START what conflicts can be attributed to disraeli's stance on foreign policy? END
START what did victoria place to memorialize disraeli? END
START who did victoria try to convince disraeli to act against during the russo-turkish war? END
START what impact did victorias threats have on the impact of the russo=turkish war? END
START what disraeli policy did victoria don't endorse? END
START who lost the disraeli general election in 1808? END
START who returned as prime minister when disraeli lost the general election in 1808? END
START who was britains closest ally since the crimean war? END
START when did napoleon iii visit london? END
START where did napoleon meet victoria and albert? END
START napoleon accompanied victoria and alber to what city diring the visit? END
START victoria and albert were the guests of honor at a large ball that took place where? END
START who was britains's closest ally following the crimean war? END
START what did napoleon iii and the royal couple visit?  END
START when were napoleon i remains returned to their resting place at les invalides?  END
START how many guests attented a ball at the palace of versaille with napoleon iii and the royal couple in attendence? END
START where did napoleon iii meet victoria and albert, before accompanying them to paris? END
START when were napoleon i's remains interred in his mausoleum? END
START who was britian's closest ally after the crimean war? END
START where were victoria and albert honored guests at ball thrown by napoleon iii? END
START when did napoleon iii visit london? END
START who was britains closest enemy since the crimean war? END
START when did napoleon ii visit london? END
START where didn't napoleon meet victoria and albert? END
START napoleon unaccompanied victoria and alber to what city diring the visit? END
START victoria and albert were the guests of honor at a small ball that took place where? END
START what was the name of the manservent that victoria had in the 1860's? END
START where was john brown, victorias manservant, from? END
START what kind of a connection was rumored to exist between victoria and john brown? END
START what was the nickname given to queen victoria when rumors of a relationship with john brown arose? END
START what was the name of the 1997 movie depicting the relationship between victoria and john brown? END
START what country was queen victoria's manservant with whom she was rumored to have a romantic interest? END
START what was the name of the movie that told the story of queen victoria's romance with john brown? END
START what artist painted the queen and brown which hung in the royal academy? END
START in what memior written by queen victoria was john brown praised? END
START which manservent was victoria's most trusted ally? END
START which movie was made about the scandalous affair that victoria was believed to have had with john brown? END
START which book did victoria publish that did nothing to take away from the rumors about her and john brown? END
START who did the queen feature in her book that drew so much criticism? END
START what was the name of the manservent that victoria had in the 1870's? END
START what kind of a connection was rumored to not  exist between victoria and john brown? END
START where was john brown, victorias lover, from? END
START what was the name of the 1979 movie depicting the relationship between victoria and john brown? END
START what was the nickname given to queen victoria when rumors of a relationship with john brown died? END
START where did victoria spend the christmas of 1900? END
START where was osborne house that victoria spent christmas at located? END
START what had caused victoria to be lame? END
START why was victorias eyesight clouded? END
START what was the date of queen victorias death? END
START where was osborne house located? END
START when did queen victoria die?  END
START how old was queen victoria upon her death?  END
START who was queen victoria's successor after her death?  END
START who did she wish to see on her deathbed, making it her last request?  END
START where did victoria usually spend christmases? END
START what caused victoria limited mobility later in life? END
START whaen did queen victoria die? END
START how old was victoria when she died? END
START who was queen victoria's successor? END
START where did victoria spend the christmas of 1901? END
START where was osborne house that victoria spent christmas at not located? END
START what hadn't caused victoria to be lame? END
START why was victorias eyesight unclouded? END
START what was the date of queen victorias birth? END
START in a general election of what year was disraeli returned to power? END
START what year was the public worship regulation act passed? END
START what church did victoria consider herself aligned with? END
START what act did disraeli push through parliment in 1876? END
START in 1876 victoria held what title? END
START what removed catholic rituals from anglican services?  END
START which church did queen victoria consider her favorite?  END
START who published the royal titles act of 1876? END
START when was queen victoria named the empress of india?  END
START where was the new title of empress of india proclaimed?  END
START when was disraeli returned to office? END
START what change, supported by victoria, did disraeli make to the anglician liturgy? END
START where did victoria really align herself when it came to religion? END
START what allowed victoria to become the empress of india? END
START whic act, passed by disraeli, allowed him to alter the anglician liturgy? END
START in a general election of what year was disraeli kicked from power? END
START what year was the public worship regulation act passed? END
START what church did victoria consider herself unaligned with? END
START what act did disraeli push through parliment in 1867? END
START in 1867 victoria held what title? END
START what kind of monarchy was formed under queen victoria? END
START reforms to what system increased the power of the house fo commons? END
START as victorias rule became less polital, what values were emphasized? END
START what type of monarchy was established as time went on in victorias rule? END
START how did the reforms of britains voting system affect the house of commons?  END
START what was most important as the monarchy under queen victoria shifted from political to symbolic?  END
START what idea was solidified to which the increasing middle classes in britain could identify with? END
START what was queen victoria's reign considered?  END
START what kind of government was victoria's reign leaning towards? END
START what increased the power in the house of commons? END
START who paid the price for the reforms of the voting system? END
START rather than political, what was victoria's monarchy seen as? END
START what was a monarchy that the more middle clas could get behind and support? END
START what kind of monarchy was formed after queen victoria? END
START reforms to what system increased the power of the house of uncommons? END
START as victorias rule became more polical, what values were emphasized? END
START what type of monarchy was cancelled as time went on in victorias rule? END
START how did the reforms of britains voting system not affect the house of commons?  END
START what year did gladstone resign? END
START gladstone resigned after what was defeted? END
START victoria blamed gladstone for the death of who? END
START who replaced gladstone after he resigned? END
START how long did lord salisburys government last? END
START what man was gladstone blamed for after his death at khartoum? END
START who replaced gladstone for only a few short months?  END
START what did the bill gladstone failed to pass state, much to queen victoria's pleasure?  END
START who defeated gladstone yet again in the general elction? END
START why did gladstone resign in 1885?  END
START when did gladstone resign? END
START why did gladstone resign? END
START how did victoria feel about the resignation of gladstone? END
START who's death did victoria blame on gladstone? END
START who replaced gladstone? END
START what year didn't gladstone resign? END
START gladstone resigned after what wasn't defeted? END
START victoria blamed gladstone for the life of who? END
START who replaced gladstone after he was fired? END
START how long did lord salisburys government not last? END
START how many words a day did victoria write? END
START what year did victoria begin keeping a journal? END
START how many volumes was queen victorias journal? END
START who was victorias youngest daughter? END
START what did beatrice do to her mothers diaries after her death? END
START how many journals did queen victoria write in her lifetime? END
START who was appointed as queen victoria's literary executor upon her death?  END
START what did beatrice do with the journals after she transcribed and edited them?  END
START who transcribed queen victoria's journals from 1832 to 1861?  END
START what biographer said queen victoria wrote an average of 2500 words a day in her journals? END
START how avid of a writer was the queen? END
START how many volumes did her journal span? END
START who was victoria's literary executer? END
START what did beatrice do with her mother's journals? END
START what did beatrice do with the origional volumes of her mother's diaries? END
START how many words a day did victoria read? END
START what year did victoria stop keeping a journal? END
START how many volumes was not in queen victorias journal? END
START who was victorias oldest daughter? END
START what did beatrice do to her mothers diaries before her death? END
START what concept determines relationships between grand lodges? END
START what must two lodges be in, in order to inter-visit? END
START what, besides recognition, must happen between two grand lodges in order for them to be considered in amity?  END
START what can be causes of one grand lodge withdrawing recognition from another? END
START what are the members of a grand lodge called? END
START gran lodges are in what when they are in masonic communication with each other? END
START what concept is used to determine relations between grand lodges? END
START what does each grand lodge maintain? END
START what is not allowed when grand lodges are not in amity?  END
START what are the two most common reasons one grand lodge will withhold recognition from another? END
START what concept determines conflicts between grand lodges? END
START what must only one lodge be in, in order to inter-visit? END
START what, besides recognition, must never happen between two grand lodges in order for them to be considered in amity? END
START what are the enemies of a grand lodge called? END
START what is not allowed when grand lodges are empty? END
START when did ceremonial regalia first appear in the masonic culture? END
START how long have historians been seeking information about the masonic movement? END
START what kind of an oath do masons take when they join? END
START what is the oldest written document about freemasonary? END
START when was the regius poem written? END
START when did masonic historians star seeking the origins of the masonic movement? END
START what are the old masonic document referred as? END
START the old charges are dated from when to when? END
START the fifteenth century also shows evidence of what in masonic history? END
START the duties of its grades is an example of what historic documents? END
START when did ceremonial regalia last appear in the masonic culture? END
START how long have historians been hiding information about the masonic movement? END
START what kind of an oath do masons refuse to take when they join? END
START when was the regius poem stolen? END
START what are the new masonic documents referred as? END
START why did the grand orient de france conclude that freemasonry shouldn't require religious belief? END
START what was removed from the freemasonry constitution? END
START who withdrew recognition from the grand orient de france? END
START what was a possible condition that made the united grand lodge of england withdraw it's recognition of the grand orient de france? END
START how was the belief of the existance of god and the immortal soul replaced in the constitution? END
START what year was it ruled that freemasonry was not a religion? END
START what grand lodge had a withdrawal of recognition by the united grand lodge of england? END
START what was a motivation of the grand lodge of england's objection? END
START who disputed the lausanne congress of supreme councils? END
START why did the grand orient de france conclude that freemasonry should require religious belief? END
START what was added to the freemasonry constitution? END
START who maintained permanent recognition with the grand orient de france? END
START how was the belief of the existence of god and the immortal soul explained in the constitution? END
START what year was it ruled that freemasonry was a religion? END
START when were the first constitutions for freemasonry printed? END
START who composed the first printed constitutions for freemasonry? END
START which group was specifically excluded from freemasonry in the printed constitutions? END
START what was created for women as freemasonry began to spread? END
START when was the idea of the lodges for adoption abandoned? END
START when was the dawn of the grand lodge era? END
START who composed the first printed constitutions for freemasons? END
START who is excluded from freemasonry? END
START what were lodges called that included women? END
START who abandoned the including of women in freemasonry experiment in the early 19'th century? END
START when were the only constitutions for freemasonry printed? END
START who decomposed the first printed constitutions for freemasonry? END
START which group was specifically unknown in freemasonry in the printed constitutions? END
START what was banned for women as freemasonry began to spread? END
START what were lodges called that included cats? END
START what are some protestant objections to freemasonry? END
START what are catholic objections to freemasonry? END
START who is generally accepted as the voice of freemasonry? END
START who do the protestant anti-masons believe is the absolute authority on the use of mysticism, satanism and occultism in freemasonry? END
START what was albert pike actually more of an expert in? END
START what religion alleged freemasons as satanic? END
START what religion alleged freemasons as unnatural and irrational?  END
START who was controversial among freemasons? END
START who has spoke for all freemasons? END
START albert pike's opinions were grounded in what? END
START what are some protestant rewards to freemasonry? END
START who is always accepted as the voice of freemasonry? END
START who do the protestant anti-masons believe is the worst authority on the use of mysticism, satanism and occultism in freemasonry? END
START what was albert pike actually more of an amateur in? END
START what religion alleged freemasons as omniscient? END
START what put english freemasonry at risk? END
START what did the unlawful socities act ban? END
START when was the unlawful socities act implemented? END
START what was each private lodge required to provide to the clerk of peace every year? END
START who did the grand masters call upon to explain that freemasonry was not an unlawful society? END
START english freemasonry almost came to a halt in what year? END
START why did english freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1799? END
START what act was made in 1799 banning any meeting of groups that had to take an oath or obligation? END
START who gave the freemasons an exemption of the act of 1799? END
START what year did parliament rescind the exemption of 1799 given to the freemasons? END
START what put canadian freemasonry at risk? END
START what did the unlawful societies act encourage? END
START when was the unlawful societies act forgotten? END
START what was each private lodge required to provide to the clerk of peace every week? END
START why did english freemasonry almost come to a halt in 1699? END
START what are two things that anit-masonry usually associated with? END
START what year did the ba'ath party make freemasonry a felony? END
START who wrote that it was not suprising that the blame for 9/11 was trying to be blamed on a masonic world order? END
START according to  professor andrew prescott, how long has antisemitism gone together with anti-masonry? END
START in some countries, anti-masonry is related to what? END
START who change the iraqi legal and penal code in 1980? END
START who suggested the september 11 attacks on the united states were inspired by a masonic world order? END
START what are two things that anti-masonry is always associated with? END
START what year did the ba'ath party make freemasonry a holiday? END
START who wrote that it was shocking that the blame for 9/11 was trying to be blamed on a masonic world order? END
START who changed the iraqi legal and penal code in 1780? END
START how long has antisemitism been against anti-masonry according to professor andrew prescott? END
START what do most masonic rituals consist of? END
START what is the first degree of masonry? END
START what is the second degree of masonry? END
START what is the final degree of masonry? END
START what things come with each new degree in freemasonry? END
START the bulk of masonic rituals consist of what? END
START what is the first of degree ceremonies? END
START what comes after the degree of entered apprentice? END
START what is the final degree in the freemasons? END
START what annual ceremony do freemasons have? END
START what do no masonic rituals consist of? END
START what is the ninth degree of masonry? END
START what is the eighth degree of masonry? END
START what is no longer the final degree of masonry? END
START what quarterly ceremony do freemasons have? END
START when did english freemasonry arrive in france? END
START who were the first english freemasons in france? END
START when did freemasonry begin to spread to continental europe? END
START who formed the grand loge de france? END
START who was the successor to the duke of clermont? END
START when did english freemasonry spread to france? END
START when did freemasonry spread to most of the continental europe? END
START the grand loge de france formed under who? END
START who was the successor to the grand mastership of the duke of clermont? END
START when was the central body of the grand orient de france reconstituted? END
START when did english freemasonry end in france? END
START who were the only english freemasons in france? END
START when did freemasonry begin to spread to continental antarctica? END
START who destroyed the grand loge de france? END
START when was the central body of the grand orient de france lost? END
START why was the centre de liasion et d'information des puissances maconniques signataires de l'appel de strasbourg set up? END
START when was clipsas set up? END
START what are two major sections of freemasonry? END
START what is the continental strand consideres to be by most of freemasonry? END
START what strand is considered to be irregular by the majority of freemasons? END
START the clipsas organization was formed in what year? END
START how many grand lodges and grand orients are listed in the clipsas list? END
START does the united grand lodge of england communicate with any of the 70 lodges on the clipsas list? END
START why was the centre de liasion et d'information des puissances maconniques signataires de l'appel de strasbourg removed? END
START when was clipsas forbidden? END
START what is the only major section of freemasonry? END
START what is the continental strand considered to be by all of freemasonry? END
START how many grand lodges and grand orients are unlisted in the clipsas list? END
START whao has always opposed freemasonry? END
START why does the catholic church oppose the freemasons so strongly? END
START who issued the first papal prounouncement against freemasonry? END
START when was the first papal prounouncement against freemasonry made? END
START what was the most recent papal prounouncement agasnst freemasonry? END
START who has the longest history of objection to freemasonry? END
START what law banned books favoring freemasonry? END
START the roman catholic church objection to freemasons are based on what? END
START what pope first issued papal pronouncements against freemasons? END
START what pope most recently issued papal pronouncements against freemasons? END
START who can never oppose freemasonry? END
START why does the catholic church approve of the freemasons so strongly? END
START who issued the only papal pronouncement against freemasonry? END
START who has the shortest history of objection to freemasonry? END
START what law required books favoring freemasonry? END
START what action is forbid by the orthodox greek church to freemasons? END
START what is the official stance on freemasonry by the greek orthodox church? END
START what would happen if someone in the greek orthodox church became a freemason? END
START when did the orthodox church of greece proclaim being a freemason was an act of apostacy? END
START which other major religions hold the same beliefs, on freemasonry, as the orthodox church of greece? END
START in what year did the orthodox church of greece declare that being a freemason constituted an act of apostasy? END
START freemasonry cannot be compatible with what according to the orthodox church? END
START freemason cannot partake in what until they repent according to the orthodox church of greece? END
START what action is mandatory by the orthodox greek church to freemasons? END
START what is the unofficial stance on freemasonry by the greek orthodox church? END
START what would happen if someone in the greek orthodox church saw a freemason? END
START what is the only religion that holds the same beliefs, on freemasonry, as the orthodox church of greece? END
START what year did the orthodox church of greece declare that not being a freemason constituted an act of apostasy? END
START what belief is required of a candidate by the grand lodge? END
START are candadites required to express belief in a specific religion? END
START which branch of freemasonry does not require a belief in a supreme being? END
START which branch of freemasonry accepts atheists? END
START which branch of freemasonry only accepts christians? END
START most grand lodges require a candidate to declare a belief in what? END
START freemasons most common in scandinavia only accept who as members? END
START what freemason group accept atheists? END
START the grand orient de france is considered what type of freemasonry? END
START what belief is optional of a candidate by the grand lodge? END
START which branch of freemasonry does not allow a belief in a supreme being? END
START which branch of freemasonry executes atheists? END
START which branch of freemasonry only accepts children? END
START what is exclusive jurisdiction? END
START what happens if two grand lodges try to establish themselves in the same area? END
START what can happen if two over-lapping grand lodges are in amity and decide to share jurisdiction? END
START if two over-lapping grand lodges are in amity and decide to waive exclusive jurisdiction, who must the other grand lodges recognize? END
START what must other grand lodges do if two over-lapping grand lodges cannot agree to share the territory? END
START what concept only recognizes one grand lodge in a given geographical area? END
START in what year did the grand lodge of new york split into two separate rival factions? END
START when can exclusive jurisdiction be waived? END
START what is excluded jurisdiction? END
START what happens if no grand lodges try to establish themselves in the same area? END
START what can happen if two over-lapping grand lodges are in amity and decide to not share jurisdiction? END
START what concept only recognizes several grand lodges in a given geographical area? END
START what year did the grand lodge of new york split into three separate rival factions? END
START from what centuries are the earliest passwords and rituals of freemasonry known? END
START what is the oldest masonic lodge in the world? END
START what were members who did not practice the physical craft known as? END
START when compared, how similar are the rituals and passwords from the turn of the 17 - 18 centuries to the ones from the later 18th century? END
START what is the oldest masonic lodge in the world? END
START when was the lodge of edinburgh started? END
START when did rituals become similar between different masonic lodges? END
START what century is the only one with passwords and rituals of freemasonry known? END
START what is the only masonic lodge in the world? END
START what were members who practiced the magical craft known as? END
START when was the lodge of edinburgh abandoned? END
START when did rituals become identical between different masonic lodges? END
START why was prince hall freemasonry formed? END
START when was prince hall freemasonry formed? END
START what happened when the ugle was formed in 1813? END
START what did africian lodge, number 459 become after they were removed from the ugle? END
START what was africian lodge, number 1 considered after they changed from africian lodge, number 459? END
START what exists today because of the refusal of early american lodges to admit african americans? END
START in what year was prince hall admitted into the british military lodge? END
START when was the african lodge, number 459, formed? END
START when was the ugle formed? END
START the african lodge re-titled itself what? END
START why was prince hall freemasonry outlawed? END
START when was prince hall freemasonry forgotten? END
START what happened when the ugle was formed in 1913? END
START what was african lodge, number 3 considered after they changed from african lodge, number 456? END
START what no longer exists today because of the refusal of early american lodges to admit african americans? END
START when was maria deraismes initiated into freemasonry? END
START why did deraismes resign from freemasonry? END
START what led to exclusively female bodies of freemasons in england? END
START who, along with maria dersaismes, started a mixed gender masonic lodge? END
START who brought the message of mixed gender, practicing masonic lodges to the english speaking? END
START who resigned from the freemasons for their lodge to rejoin their grand lodge? END
START what year was maria deraismes initiated into the freemasons? END
START maria deraismes and who else started a mixed masonic lodge? END
START what year was an all-female masonic lodge created? END
START what year was the all-female masonic lodge cast aside? END
START when was maria deraismes assassinated in freemasonry? END
START why did deraismes dislike freemasonry? END
START what led to exclusively transgender bodies of freemasons in england? END
START who, along with maria dersaismes, stopped a mixed gender masonic lodge? END
START what year was an all-animal masonic lodge created? END
START what do islamic anti-masonics link freemasonry to? END
START why do muslim anti-masonics believe that the freemasons want to destroy the al-aqsa mosque? END
START what is another group that anti-masonic muslims link to zionism? END
START what are most of the arguements by anti-masonic muslims centered on?  END
START who's interests are the muslin anti-masonics afraid that the freemasons are protecting? END
START what do many islamic and anti-masonic argue about freemasonry? END
START some muslims argue that freemasonry promotes what? END
START what article states that freemasonry work in the interest of zionism? END
START what do islamic masonics link freemasonry to? END
START why do muslim masonics believe that the freemasons want to destroy the al-aqsa mosque? END
START what is another group that masonic muslims link to islam? END
START who's interests are the muslin anti-masonics afraid that the freemasons are hurting? END
START what article states that freemasonry work in the interest of humanity? END
START how many freemasons are believed to have been killed under hitler's nazi regime? END
START what kind of prisioner was a freemason considered to be? END
START what identifier did the nazis make the freemason prisioners wear? END
START who was responsible for creating antisemetic and anti-masonic propaganda? END
START where is most of the informaton about freemasons persecuted in the holocaust located? END
START what is the relch security main office also called? END
START who was responsible for ideological tasks of the written records? END
START how many freemasons were killed under the nazi regime? END
START what did masonic concentration camp inmates have to wear? END
START how many freemasons are believed to have been resurrected under hitler's nazi regime? END
START what kind of deity was a freemason considered to be? END
START what identifier did the nazis make the freemason prisoners conceal? END
START what is the reich security main office required to be called? END
START who was responsible for geography tasks of the verbal records? END
START where are the origins of freemasonry? END
START what were the fraternaties of stonemasons origionally responsible for? END
START where did the degrees of freemasonry derived from? END
START what are the degrees of freemasonry? END
START freemasons trace their origins to what? END
START how many grades are there in medieval craft guilds? END
START craft freemasonry is also known as what? END
START members of craft masonry are called what? END
START where did freemasonry end? END
START what were the fraternities of stonemasons avoiding responsibility for? END
START what are no longer the degrees of freemasonry? END
START how many kings are there in medieval craft guilds? END
START what is craft freemasonry forbidden as being known as? END
START how are freemasons invited to join a lodge? END
START how does one become a freemason? END
START can women ask to be a member of the masonic lodge? END
START how can you find a lodge to ask to be a member of? END
START candidates for freemasonry must do what before being initiated?  END
START candidates are normally introduced to the lodge by whom? END
START now days, many interested people find a masonic lodge using what? END
START candidates are never what to a masonic lodge? END
START what usually follows an initial inquiry of a candidate? END
START how are freemasons asked to leave a lodge? END
START why can't anyone become a freemason? END
START can pets ask to be a member of the masonic lodge? END
START what always follows an initial inquiry of a candidate? END
START how large is the membership of freemasonry? END
START what is the largest single jurisdiction of freemasonry? END
START how many members does the ugle have? END
START what are the membership numbers of the united states? END
START how many members does the grand lodge of scotland and the grand lodge of ireland have, together? END
START how many members are in freemasonry? END
START what lodge has the single largest single jurisdiction of freemasonry? END
START how many members are in the grand lodge of england? END
START the grand lodges of scotland and ireland have how many member? END
START the united states has how many freemason members? END
START how many people lost membership of freemasonry? END
START what is the only single jurisdiction of freemasonry? END
START how many members does the ugle lose every year? END
START how many members left the united states? END
START how many dogs are in the grand lodge of england? END
START are masons allowed to divulge the secrets of each degree? END
START how are oaths taken? END
START in what branch can books, other than scripture, be used for the purpose of oath taking? END
START what can be considered a volume of sacred law? END
START masons swear to protect their brethren unless they what? END
START most lodges have the oath taken on what? END
START mason swear at each degree to do what? END
START why are masons allowed to divulge the secrets of each degree? END
START how are oaths taken as fake? END
START what can be considered a volume of sacred math? END
START what are masons required to have done in order to be protected? END
START what branch of freemasonry requires books other than scripture? END
START where were the earliest known american logdes located? END
START what is the earliest that lodges appeared in america? END
START when was a provincial grand master for north america appointed? END
START where did other american lodges obtain their authoriisations from? END
START when did the lodges without prior authorisations apply to be recognized? END
START where were the earliest lodges in america? END
START who was the collector for the port of pennsylvania in 1715? END
START a provincial grand master for north america was first appointed when? END
START the provincial grand master for north america was base where? END
START where were the only known american lodges located? END
START what is the earliest that lodges exploded in america? END
START when was a provincial grand master for the world appointed? END
START when did the lodges without prior authorizations apply to be forgotten? END
START who was the collector for the port of pennsylvania in 1615? END
START how long have masonic lodges been in iraq? END
START how many lodges existed in iraq in the 1950s? END
START what is the greatest penalty that a freemason in iraq could face now? END
START when were all the lodges in iraq forced to close? END
START when was a scottish lodge formed in iraq? END
START when did masonic lodges start in iraq? END
START who opened the first lodge in iraq? END
START when was the first scottish masonic lodge opened in iraq? END
START all masonic lodges were forced to close in iraq in what year? END
START who introduced the death penalty to freemasons living in iraq? END
START how long have masonic lodges been banned in iraq? END
START how many lodges existed in iraq in the 1350s? END
START what is the greatest reward that a freemason in iraq could face now? END
START when was a russian lodge formed in iraq? END
START who opened the only lodge in iraq? END
START when was the united grand lodge of england formed? END
START the grand orient de france and the united grand lodge of england continued in amity until when? END
START what year did the supreme council of the ancient and accepted scottish rite of louisiana appear in the jurisdiction of the grand lodge of louisiana? END
START when was the united grand lodge of england demolished? END
START what year did the supreme council of the ancient and accepted scottish rite of louisiana disappear in the jurisdiction of the grand lodge of louisiana? END
START what lodge was never in amity with another? END
START who did the new scottish rite body refuse to admit? END
START in what year was a new code to the canon law issued by the church? END
START who clarified the new code of canon law of 1983? END
START do freemasons allow catholics into their fraternity? END
START what year was an old code to the canon law issued by the church? END
START who clarified the new code of canon law of 1973? END
START why are catholics not allowed into freemasonry? END
START which lodges are never in amity with ugle? END
START judges and police officers had to disclose their freemason membership in what years in england? END
START who ended the english masonic disclosure policy in 2009? END
START justice secretary jack straw ended the masonic disclosure law on what grounds? END
START who ended the english masonic disclosure policy in 2004? END
START why did justice secretary jack straw begin the masonic closure law? END
START what democracies always view freemasonry with trust? END
START who was required to not be transparent to the public? END
START what is the basic organizational unit of freemasonry? END
START name examples of usual formal business that freemasons have at their lodge. END
START what usually happens at the conclusion of a lodge meeting? END
START what is the complex organizational unit of freemasonry? END
START what always happens at the conclusion of a lodge meeting? END
START where do freemasons meet only on special occasion? END
START what organization was not allowed to have ceremonies? END
START when does a candidate swear to fullfil his obligations as a mason? END
START what does a candidate swear on? END
START how many degrees must a mason swear to keep the secrets from outsiders? END
START are freemasons free to explore the craft? END
START when does a candidate lose ability to fulfill his obligations as a mason? END
START what does a candidate sweat on? END
START how many degrees must a mason swear to tell outsiders? END
START what are freemasons required to do for their craft? END
START what concept is based on adherence to masonic landmarks, basic membership requirements, and tenets and rituals of the craft? END
START is each definition of regularity the same throughout all masonic lodges? END
START when can a grand lodge declare another lodge as irregular? END
START what concept is not based on adherence to masonic landmarks, basic membership requirements, and tenets and rituals of the craft? END
START when can a grand lodge declare another lodge as regular? END
START what are never considered "irregular"? END
START why are landmarks for every grand lodge the same? END
START all freemasons are progressively initiated, passed, and raised in three degrees of what? END
START the initiations are part allegory and part what? END
START what is the final of the three steps of freemasonry? END
START who was the chief architect of the temple of solomon? END
START how many versions of the hiram myth are there? END
START what are all freemasons progressively initiated, passed, and raised in six degrees of? END
START what is the final of the seven steps of freemasonry? END
START who was the worst architect of the temple of solomon? END
START how many versions of the hiram flag are there? END
START what is the first step for only some freemasons? END
START the grand lodge of england is also know as what? END
START when was the grand lodge of england founded? END
START the ancient grand lodge of england was formed on what date? END
START the united grand lodge of england was formed on what date? END
START lodges that could not endorse the gle were later called what? END
START what can the grand lodge of england never be known as? END
START when did the grand lodge of england vanish? END
START what were lodges that disappeared called? END
START which lodges refused to join the new regulatory body? END
START which lodges were always in perfect harmony with one another? END
START when did north american masonic lodges recognize members of the prince hall lodge? END
START who is the prince hall lodge open to? END
START does the united grand lodge of england recognize prince hall lodges? END
START when did north american masonic lodges fire members of the prince hall lodge? END
START who is the prince hall lodge hiding? END
START what lodges are no longer recognized? END
START what grand lodges require members to be black americans? END
START when did the french try to create co-masonic lodges? END
START when did the united grand lodge of england recognize the two female masonic lodges? END
START what did the french lodges promote to try to get women accepted into the freemasons? END
START do anglo-american grand lodges accept women as members today? END
START when did russia try to create co-masonic lodges? END
START when did the united grand lodge of england forget the two female masonic lodges? END
START what did the french lodges promote to try to get men accepted into the freemasons? END
START where are women recognized as the ideal masons? END
START what english archbishop was a member of the freemasons? END
START what former archbishop of canterbury has reservations about the freemasons? END
START what year did dr. rowan williams apologize to the freemasons? END
START dr. rowan williams was also bishop of what? END
START what austrian archbishop was a member of the freemasons? END
START what former archbishop of canterbury has accolades from the freemasons? END
START what year did dr. rowan williams destroy the freemasons? END
START what was dr. rowan williams a cardinal of? END
START freemasonry was linked to scandal in italy due to what? END
START the propaganda due lodge was chartered by who? END
START when did the grande oriente d'italia charter the propaganda due lodge? END
START the propaganda due lodge was also know as what? END
START when did the grand orient d'italia expel licio gelli and revoked the charter of p2? END
START what was freemasonry linked to scandal in france due to? END
START who destroyed the propaganda due lodge? END
START when did the grande oriente d'italia remove the propaganda due lodge? END
START when did the grand orient d'italia reward licio gelli and promote the charter of p2? END
START when did the un recommend the partition plan? END
START when was the end of the british mandate set? END
START who was the executive head of the zionist organization? END
START what is the official state of israel? END
START where is israel located? END
START what's israel's financial and technology center? END
START what was the population of israel in 2016? END
START how many citizens in israel are jewish? END
START how many citizens in israel are arab? END
START israel defines itself as what? END
START where is israel's economy ranked? END
START where is israel's standard of living ranked in asia? END
START who was moses? END
START who led the israelites back into canaan during the "exodus?" END
START what does the word "israel" refer to? END
START what is the "land of israel" known as in hebrew? END
START according to the torah, god promised the land to how many people? END
START when was the first kingdom of israel established? END
START when does the first record of the name israel occurs? END
START who did the ancestors of israelites include? END
START what did canaanites prohibit? END
START when did the kingdom split? END
START what was the name of the destroyed capital? END
START who captured samaria? END
START who conquered judah? END
START how many judeans did zerubabel return to judah? END
START how many judeans did ezra lead? END
START when did the conflict between judeans and greeks erupt? END
START what was established in the maccabean revolt? END
START who dominated the society? END
START when did the jewish presence dwindle in the region? END
START who conquered the country in 628? END
START what was evolving over roman paganism? END
START who did the jewish inhabitants fight side by side with? END
START how many people were massacred when the city fell? END
START how many jews were seeking refuge? END
START when did maimonides visit jerusalem? END
START who issued a call to the jews to emigrate to the land of israel? END
START who was the founder of the ayyubid dynasty? END
START when was the jewish community strengthened by rabbis? END
START who was the 13th-century spanish rabbi and recognised leader of jewry? END
START what did nachmanides write? END
START when was control passed to the mamluk sultans of egypt? END
START what two centres of mamluk power was the country located? END
START when did the mamluk sultan baybars convert to the cave of patriarchs? END
START many jews have aspired to return to where? END
START where did some jewish communities settle after they were expelled from spain? END
START rabbi yehuda hachasid led a group of how many jews into jerusalem? END
START what was the first wave of modern jewish migration to ottoman-ruled palestine known as? END
START when did the first aliyah begin? END
START who is credited as founding political zionism? END
START when did the second aliyah begin? END
START how many jews settled into palestine? END
START the first and second wave of migrants were mainly who? END
START what is the jewish legion? END
START when did the league of nations grant britain a mandate over palestine? END
START what does haganah mean in hebrew? END
START how many jews did the third and fourth aliyahs bring to palestine? END
START when did irgun attack the british administrative headquarters? END
START what was the jewish population in palestine by the end of world war ii? END
START what country experienced conflict with the jewish community after world war ii? END
START when was the king david hotel bombing? END
START when did the british government announce it would withdraw from mandatory palestine? END
START what is the unscop? END
START when was the unscop formed? END
START what was the last to be under an international trusteeship system? END
START what four arab countries entered british mandatory palestine? END
START when was the arab-israeli war launched? END
START what were the invading arab armies aim? END
START who aided the immigration to israel? END
START the immigration was in accordance to what? END
START when did the mossad lealiyah bet disband? END
START the population of israel rose from 800,000 to what between 1948 and 1958? END
START what ideology did some immigrants believe in? END
START between 1948 and 1970, how many jewish refugees relocated to israel? END
START what were temporary camps known as? END
START how many immigrants lived in these tent cities? END
START who signed a reparations agreement with west germany? END
START when did egypt close the suez canal to israel? END
START who was israel frequently attacked by? END
START what did the war result in? END
START who refused toe recognize israel? END
START when did egypt mass it's army near the border with israel? END
START what became the administrative boundary between israel and occupied territories? END
START where was the massacre of the israeli athletes? END
START what was the resolution of the arab league? END
START what did the elo commit itself on? END
START when did the egyptian and syrian armies launch a surprise attack against israeli forces? END
START how many lives were lost? END
START who was forced to resign? END
START where did anwar el sadat make a trip to? END
START what did sadat and begin sign? END
START israel withdrew from where? END
START when did the coastal road massacre occur? END
START who secured southern lebanon? END
START where were the plo bases located? END
START when did israel annex the golan heights? END
START what is the capital of israel? END
START who provided incentives for israelis to settle in the occupied west bank? END
START when did the israeli air force destroy iraq's sole nuclear reactor? END
START why did they destroy the nuclear reactor? END
START what government inquiry held begin? END
START when did the first intifada break out? END
START how many people were killed in the violence? END
START plo supported who during the gulf war? END
START who became the prime minister in 1992? END
START when was the israel-jordan treaty of peace signed? END
START when was yitzhak rabin assassinated? END
START who led israel in the 1990s? END
START what did benjamin netanyahu sign? END
START who was elected prime minister in 1999? END
START who visited the temple mount? END
START when did ariel sharon become prime minister? END
START how many palestinian fatalities were they by 30 april 2008? END
START when did the israeli air force destroy a nuclear reactor in syria? END
START who announced its own ceasefire?  END
START how long did the operation in gaza in november last? END
START where does the jordan rift valley lie? END
START what's home to 57% of the nation's population? END
START how big is the sovereign territory of israel? END
START what river runs along the jordan rift valley? END
START what is the largest makhtesh in the world? END
START israel has the largest number of what per square meter in the basin? END
START what is the result of tectonic movements within the dead sea transform? END
START what does the tectonic disposition lead to? END
START the deficit can cause an earthquake of what magnitude to occur? END
START when did the most catastrophic earthquakes occur? END
START how many residential buildings did not meet construction standards? END
START how often do earthquakes that lead to serious loss of life occur? END
START what kind of climate does tel aviv have? END
START what kind of climate does arava have? END
START what was the highest recorded temperature in tirat zvi? END
START israel developed what? END
START what does israelis take advantage of? END
START who leads the nation in solar energy use? END
START what was israel's population in 2016? END
START how many african migrants entered israel by june 2012? END
START how many israelis live in urban areas? END
START how many israeli citizens lived in west bank settlements? END
START how many israelis lived in golan heights settlements? END
START when were israelis evacuated from gaza strip? END
START what's the homeland for jewish people? END
START approximately how many israeli jews are born in israel? END
START what percent are jewish intermarriage rates at? END
START what are the two official languages of israel? END
START how many israelis speak french? END
START how many russian immigrants arrived in israel? END
START muslims make up how much of the israel's population? END
START 2% of the population in israel are what? END
START druze makes up what percent? END
START what incorporates the western wall and the temple mount? END
START where is rachel's tomb? END
START who do not teach their faith to israelis? END
START what was israel ranked among oecd countries? END
START what did it rank in the number of academic degrees per capita? END
START who praised israel for its high quality education? END
START what is the school expectancy in israel? END
START what is the literacy rate in israel? END
START what is necessary to receive a bagrut certificate? END
START how many public universities does israel have? END
START how many private colleges does israel have? END
START what is the oldest university in israel? END
START israel operates under what kind of system? END
START how many members are in the knesset? END
START knesset member is based on what? END
START what kind of court system does israel have? END
START where is the supreme court located? END
START what is the highest tier? END
START what legal traditions does israel combine? END
START what principle is it based on? END
START what is israel's basic law? END
START the state of israel is divided into how many administrative districts? END
START what are these districts known as? END
START how many sub-districts are there? END
START how many metropolitan areas are there? END
START what metropolitan area has the largest population? END
START what is the population of beer sheva? END
START who declared the annexation of the golan heights and east jerusalem? END
START what was captured by israel in the six-day war? END
START where did israel withdraw and disband its military forces? END
START israel views east jerusalem as what? END
START what emphasises the inadmissability of the acquisition of territory by war? END
START what is the principle of normalization of relations with arab states? END
START when was the west bank annexed by jordan? END
START what was the majority of the population in the west bank? END
START what percentage of the barrier will be constructed on the green line? END
START the gaza strip was occupied by who from 1948 to 1967? END
START who occupied the gaza strip after 1967? END
START when did hamas assume it's power in the gaza strip? END
START how many countries does israel maintain diplomatic relations? END
START how many diplomatic missions do they have? END
START how many arab league members have relations with israel? END
START who were the first two countries to recognize the state of israel? END
START who regards israel as it's most reliable partner in the middle east? END
START how much did the united states provide in military assistance? END
START how much did germany pay in reparations to the israeli state? END
START what prime minister helped relations? END
START what aims at bringing eu and its neighbours closer? END
START when did turkey and israel establish full diplomatic relations? END
START who organized the flotilla? END
START when did israel and turkey's relations take a downturn? END
START when did india establish full diplomatic ties with israel? END
START who's the most pro-israel country in the world? END
START israel is the second-largest military trading partner of india after who? END
START how much does israel spend on foreign aid? END
START when was mashav established? END
START israel has a history of providing what? END
START how many delegations of idf search and rescue units between 1985 and 2015? END
START how many doctors did israel send to haiti? END
START how many patients did israeli doctors treat in japan? END
START what is the sole military wing of the israeli security forces? END
START who is the head of the idf? END
START when was the idf founded? END
START what age are most israelis drafted into the military? END
START how long do women serve in the military? END
START what citizens are exempt from military service? END
START the military relies on what? END
START what is one of the most crucial weapons in israel's military history? END
START the success of what program has made israel one of seven countries capable of launching satellites? END
START israel is widely believed to possess what? END
START what is armed with nuclear popeye turbo missiles? END
START all homes in israel are required to have a room called what? END
START what two countries have a higher defense spending to gdp ratio than israel? END
START what percentage of it's gdp was spent on defense in 1984? END
START what was israel's global peace index rank in 2015? END
START who is considered the most advanced country in southwest asia? END
START when did israel join the oecd? END
START where does israel rank in number of startup companies in the world? END
START imports to israel totaled what in 2012? END
START israeli exports reached what in 2012? END
START what are the leading exports in israel? END
START israel is a leading country of what development? END
START israel is ranked 1st in the world in what? END
START what companies built their first overseas research and development centers in israel? END
START what investor bought iscar? END
START when did united states begin to provide foreign aid to israel? END
START what was israel's debt surplus in december 2015? END
START what are the days of working in israel? END
START friday is considered what? END
START several proposals have been raised to do what? END
START israeli universities rank where in mathematics? END
START how many nobel prize-winning scientists has israel produced? END
START israel leads the world in what research papers per capita? END
START how much is israel's water technology industry worth? END
START what's the largest desalination plant in the world? END
START how much drinking water is produced by israel's desalination programs? END
START how many homes in israel use solar energy for hot water? END
START how much electricity does the country save per year? END
START when did better place shut down? END
START what coordinates with all israeli space research programs? END
START futron's space competitiveness index ranked israel what in 2012? END
START when did israel launch it's first satellite? END
START how many kilometers of paved roads does israel have? END
START how many buses have scheduled routes in israel? END
START how much cargo do railways transport per year? END
START what is the country's main hub for international air travel? END
START what is the country's oldest and largest port? END
START how many international airports are in israel? END
START what is an important industry in israel? END
START how many tourists visited israel in 2013? END
START what is the most popular tourist attraction in israel? END
START where does israel's diverse culture stem from? END
START life revolves around what in israel? END
START work and school holidays are determined by what? END
START israeli literature is primarily written in what? END
START when is the hebrew book week held? END
START what is israel's top literary reward? END
START shmuel yosef agnon shared the nobel prize with who in 1966? END
START what israel-arab satirist is internationally known? END
START who wrote the novel the secret life of saeed the pessoptimist? END
START what israeli orchestra has been in operation for more than seventy years? END
START what three internationally acclaimed musicians were born in israel? END
START who hosts its own international music festival every summer? END
START what the nation's canonical folk songs known as? END
START what became a symbol of the zionist reconstruction? END
START what's a flourishing field in israel? END
START what internationally acclaimed violin virtuoso is from israel? END
START who was awarded first prize in the all-arab oud contest in egypt in 2003? END
START who is the head of the advanced degree program in arabic music? END
START what is one of israel's most important culturural institutions? END
START what is an interactive museum on the campus of tel aviv university? END
START what is the largest art museum in the north of the country? END
START when was israeli fusion cuisine first developed? END
START kosher restaurants make up what percent of total restaurants? END
START what is pork often called in israel? END
START what styles of cooking has israeli cuisine adopted? END
START what common ingredients are in israeli cuisine? END
START schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, french fries, rice and salad are also very common where? END
START what are the most popular spectator sports in israel? END
START what is the country's premier football league? END
START what is the premier basketball league? END
START when did israel host and win the asian nations cup? END
START when did the israel national football team qualify to the fifa world cup? END
START what were the last asian games that israel participated in? END
START what's a leading sport in israel? END
START what city has become a national chess center? END
START who won the chess cup in 2009? END
START what mathematician advance greek science? END
START what period saw the rise of new comedy? END
START when was the battle of actium? END
START when did alexander the great die? END
START what period saw the rise of the septuagint? END
START dd END
START d END
START what is a common attic-based dialect? END
START where is the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START where is the greco-bactrian kingdom? END
START where is the indo-greek kingdom? END
START where is the kingdom of pergamon? END
START when was the final defeat of the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START who was the roman emporer? END
START when did the capital of the roman empire move to constantinople? END
START what term defines the influence of greek culture? END
START where did the roman empire move to in 330 ad? END
START who wrote geschichte des hellenismus? END
START what does geschichte des hellenismus mean? END
START who wrote culture and anarchy? END
START what century did hellenistic become a concept? END
START in culture and anarchy, hebraism is contrasted with what? END
START how much of the conquered world was affected by greek influences? END
START how often did greek population and natives mix? END
START what term implies that greek populations were a majority in the regions they settled? END
START what is the earliest, most credible source of the hellenistic period? END
START where was polybius from? END
START where was polybius forced to go as hostage? END
START what years do polybius books cover? END
START what league was polybius a statesman? END
START when did diodorus siculus write bibliotheca historica? END
START what battle marks the end of diodorus siculus' work? END
START who wrote parallel lives? END
START where was apprian from? END
START which writer outlined the history of important hellenistic figures? END
START when was the peloponnesian war? END
START what hegemoney replaced sparta after the battle of leuctra? END
START when was the battle of leuctra? END
START when was the battle of mantinea? END
START which king lend the rise of macedon? END
START when did king philip the ii annex thessaly and magnesia? END
START who annexed thessaly and magnesia? END
START when was the battle of chaeronea? END
START who formed the league of corinth? END
START who was philip ii planning a campaign against when he was assasinated? END
START who was philip arrhidaues' half brother? END
START who was the leading calvary commander? END
START who order the death of meleager? END
START what city was partitioned to the generals who supported perdiccas? END
START who documented that perdiccas' was under suspicion?  END
START who did diadochi plan to marry? END
START who was alexander's sister? END
START who was the leader in asia minor? END
START along with antipater and craterus, antigonus i monophthalmus invaded which region? END
START peithon, seleucus, and antigenes murdered whom? END
START when did antipater die? END
START who did antipater declar as his successor? END
START when did cassander invade macedonia? END
START who ordered eumenes' execution? END
START who sentenced olympias to death? END
START how many talents did diadochi steal from ectabana, persepolis and susa? END
START who defeated demetrius poliorcetes? END
START when was the battle of gaza? END
START who ordered the death of king alexander iv? END
START what year did the argead dynasty end? END
START which son did antigonus send to regain control of greece? END
START when did demetrius take control of athens? END
START who bestowed the title of king to demetrius poliorcetes? END
START what battle did demetrius poliorcetes defeat the fleet of ptolemy? END
START what region was fought over in the battle of salamis? END
START who saved lysimachus in phrygia? END
START who lost in the battle of ipsus? END
START when was the battle of ipsus? END
START after antigonus was killed, what region did seleucus take over? END
START after antigonus was killed, what region did ptolemy take over? END
START when did cassander die? END
START when did demetrius seize the macedonian throne? END
START who captured demetrius? END
START what year was seleucus killed? END
START at what battle was seleucus killed ? END
START what was the capital of the ptolemaic egypt? END
START what was the capital of seleucid syria? END
START alexander and antioch were centers of what culture? END
START what leaders conquests widened the horizons of the greek world? END
START what particular demographic emigrated to the new greek empires? END
START when was the lamian war? END
START when did demetrius poliorcetes capture athens? END
START who was demetrius poliorcetes' father? END
START athens allied with what region to eliminate macedonian rule? END
START when was the chremonidean war? END
START what years did cleomenes iii rule? END
START in 222 bce, sparta lost what battle? END
START who was defeated at the battle of sellasia? END
START what was sparta's afilliation in the peloponnese? END
START when was the aetolian league formed? END
START when was the achaean league formed? END
START byzantium, chalcedon, heraclea pontica and tium formed what league? END
START what system delegates military and foreign affairs to the central government and local affairs to the city states? END
START what league freed corinth? END
START what did rhodians build to commemorate their victory over demetrius poliorcetes? END
START what period did rhodes prosper? END
START what military force helped rhodes maintain their independence? END
START what years were rhodes under attack by demetrius poliorcetes? END
START what war did antigonus ii fight athenians? END
START what mines decreased in production under the antigonids? END
START how large was the macedonian army under the antigonids? END
START who taught antigonus ii? END
START who did antigonus ii defend against? END
START when did doson die? END
START who took control when doson died? END
START which ruler had the last, best chance of uniting greece? END
START what was philip v known as? END
START when was the peace of naupactus? END
START when did philip form and alliance with hannibal of carthage? END
START when did the first macedonian war begin? END
START when did the first macedonian war end? END
START how did the first macedonian war end? END
START who defeated philip? END
START what years did queen teutra reign? END
START from where did illyrians import there weapons and armor? END
START what type or ornamentation was featured on the illyrians shilds and war belts? END
START what tribes inhabited the balkan coast? END
START what tribe covered most of the republic of macedonia? END
START what region was the center of the odrysian kingdom? END
START who used thracians and agrianes as light cavalry? END
START what fraction of alexander's army was made up of thracians and agrianes? END
START what language was spoken by the odrysians? END
START which kings wre among the first to be hellenized? END
START what was southern italy refered to as? END
START southern italy and south-eastern sicily were colonized by the greeks in what century? END
START who was the leading figure in sicily during the hellenistic period? END
START in 310 agathocles invaded tunisia and defeated what army? END
START in defense of tarentum, when did agathocles attack italy? END
START what was the first greek colony in the mediterranean? END
START how many inhabitants were in massalia? END
START who controlled nice and agde? END
START massalia was the center of education according to whom? END
START when did massalia side with pompey? END
START who ran the hellenistic states of asia and egypt? END
START where did hellenistic monarchs put most of the tax revenues? END
START who handed out gifts in the promotion of greek culture and religion? END
START what type of estates did hellenistic monarchs run their kingdoms? END
START who were the small core in the hellenistic states of asia and egypt? END
START who was appointed satrap of egypt after alexander's death? END
START when did alexander die and ptolemy assume his position? END
START when did ptolemy declare himself king ptolemy i? END
START what nickname did rhodians give ptolemy? END
START where did ptolemy settle his most of his veterans? END
START whose tradition did ptolemy take on as leader of egypt? END
START what god did ptolemy i create? END
START cyprus and cyrene were run by whom? END
START by using a central government that taxes heavily, ptolemy ran his country akin to which bureaucracy? END
START apis and osiris combined to make which god? END
START the syrian was were fought between ptolemy ii and whom? END
START what region was fought for during the syrian wars? END
START who won the great battle of raphia? END
START when was the great battle of raphia? END
START who did ptolemy iv defeat in the great battle of raphia? END
START till what year did ptolemy's family rule egypt? END
START all the male rulers of egypt took what name during the ptolemy dynasty? END
START cleopatra, arsinoe or berenice were common names for whom? END
START who was the last and most famous queen of the ptolemy dynasty? END
START how did cleoptra die? END
START after alexander's empire was split, what region did seleucus i nicator receive? END
START pergamum was led by whom when they defeated a seleucid army? END
START who defied his father seleucus i, and set up a religous cult? END
START what was the name of seleucus ii brother, whom he fought in civil war? END
START who ultimately defeated seleucid anatolia? END
START the seleucid empire was mostly dominated by whom? END
START what are seleucid garrisons called? END
START what are seleucid military colonies called? END
START who defeated antiochus iii at raphia? END
START what year did ptolemy iv die? END
START which officer took control of pergamum in 282 bc? END
START who did philetaerus declare himself loyal to? END
START attalus i was a strong ally of rome and which ruler? END
START where was the library of pergamum located? END
START what depicts the gigantomachy on the acropolis of the city? END
START where did the celts who settled in galatia pass through? END
START what battle did the celts lose to seleucus i? END
START what famous statue signified the victory of the greeks over a worthy enemy? END
START what century did the galatians become allies of antiochus the great? END
START who sent gnaeus manlius vulso on an expedition against the galatians? END
START who were a thracian people living in northwest anatolia? END
START king bas defeated which general of alexander? END
START who assumed the title of king from bas? END
START when did zipoetes i assume the role of king? END
START who founded nicomedia? END
START who married stratonice? END
START when did stratonice marry ariarathes iii? END
START who was stratonice's father? END
START cappadocia began it's realtionship with rome under whom? END
START what year was ariarathes v defeated? END
START what kingdom was hellenistic and on the southern coast of the black sea? END
START who founded the kingdom of pontus? END
START when was the kingdom of pontus founded? END
START when was the kingdom of pontus taken over by the roman republic? END
START what was the official language of the kingdom of pontus during the reign of mithridates vi eupator? END
START who ruled when the kingdom of pontus' was at it's biggest? END
START who called themselves king mithridates eupator dionysus? END
START what hairstyle did mithridates iv copy from alexander? END
START who did the macedoniankings claim mithridates iv descended from? END
START pontus was defeated in what wars? END
START orontid armenia was given to alexander the great after he took control of what area? END
START who did alexander apoint to govern armenia? END
START armenia became a vassal state of what empire? END
START what year did armenia split into greater armenia and armenia sophene? END
START who attacked armenia when they became too distant from seleucid rule? END
START when did the seleucid defeat the battle of magnesia? END
START who was the first king of artaxiad dynasty of armenia? END
START artaxian coins called some armenian kings what? END
START what years did tigranes the great reign? END
START which tigranes successor composed greek tragedies? END
START when did andragoras proclaim his independence? END
START when did andragoras' reign end? END
START who killed andragoras? END
START what tribe was arsaces the leader of? END
START when did antiochus iii regain territory from arsaces ii? END
START the seleucids invaded mesopotamia under whose guidance? END
START who was antiochus vii sidetes killed by which army? END
START what years were the romanparthian wars? END
START what was the currency in the parthian empire? END
START the parthian empire worshipped greek gods and what other cultures deities? END
START what arab state lied between the sinai peninsula and the arabian peninsula? END
START what was the capital of the nabatean kingdom? END
START who allied with the nabatean kingdom to fight against the seleucids? END
START under whose reign did nabatean culture begin to show greek influence? END
START what century did aretas iii philhellene reign? END
START what are was in between the seleucid empire and ptolemaic egypt during hellenistic times? END
START judea was ruled by whom during the hellenistic period? END
START what religion rose in judea durring the hellenistic period? END
START hellenistic judaism was developed in alexandria and what other region? END
START what was the jewish elite class called? END
START judea was brought into the seleucid empire by which leader? END
START when did jerusalem fall to antiochus iii? END
START what victorious uprising is celebrated in the jewish festival hanukkah? END
START what years were the maccabean revolt of judas maccabeus? END
START what independent kingdom was formed out of the maccabean revolt of judas maccabeus? END
START what years did the hasmonaean dynasty exist? END
START who was the last hasmonean ruler? END
START who was antigonus ii mattathias captured by? END
START when was antigonus ii mattathias executed? END
START bactria was led by what king from 255-246 bce? END
START when was diodotus ii overthrown? END
START what leader overthrew diodotus ii? END
START the greco-bactrian kingdom was invaded by what seleucid leader? END
START antiochus iii married his daughter off to whose son? END
START who stated that the greco-bactrians had connections through the silk road? END
START when did demetrius, son of euthydemus invade north-western india? END
START whose death signifies the beginning of confusing documentation of greco-bactrian history? END
START who was the last greek to clearly rule bactria? END
START who was the first indo-greek king who did not rule from bactria? END
START who succeeded or ruled alongside apollodotus i? END
START who succeeded antimachus ii? END
START what religion did menander i convert to? END
START what was menander i refered to by in buddhist texts? END
START when did menander die? END
START what kingdom forced the indo-greek kingdom to the east? END
START around 70 bc, arachosia and what other region where taken over by tribal invasion? END
START i couldn't could up with another question. but i need to fill this space because i can't submit the hit.  END
START what does "sarvajnaa yavanaa" mean? END
START who said "the yavanas, o king, are all-knowing; the suras are particularly so."? END
START who wrote the brihat-samhita? END
START who said "the mlecchas are wedded to the creations of their own fancy." END
START who said "the greeks, though impure, must be honored since they were trained in sciences and therein, excelled others...." END
START what period was hellenistic culture at it's height? END
START even though some regions were not ruled by greeks, they still were influenced by which culture? END
START hellenism or philhellenism reached the frontiers of what kingdom? END
START before hellenestic influence, greek colonies were on the shores of the taman and what other peninsula? END
START what kingdom under the spartocid dynasty consisted of maeotians, thracians, crimean scythians and cimmerians? END
START which scythian people with the bosporans have strong trade contacts with? END
START from whom did the scythians of central asia discover hellenistic culture? END
START hellenized scythians were known as? END
START what did the greeks call bahrain? END
START where was the central point of pearl trading? END
START which of alexanders commanders were the first to visit bahrain? END
START alexander planned to colonized the eastern bank of the persian gulf with what ethnicity of colonist? END
START tylos worshipped zeus in the form of what arabian sun-god? END
START carthage was on the coast of what country? END
START what hellenistic practices heavily influenced carthaginian culture? END
START who reformed the military in carthage in 550 bce? END
START what greek style was the core of carthage's military? END
START what spartan mercenary helped reform carthage's military? END
START rome dominated what peninsula? END
START greek cities were absorbed by what republic? END
START rome fought against the carthaginians in what war? END
START sicily was won by whom in the first punic war? END
START illyrian pirates caused two wars in the balkans with what empire? END
START what king of macedon aided the pirate demetrius of pharos? END
START hannibal defeated whom at the battle of cannae? END
START when was the battle of cannae? END
START in what war was the battle of cannae? END
START in what region did the romans aim to re-bolster the influence after the second punic war? END
START whose refusal to end wars with attalid pergamum and rhodes led to the second macedonian war? END
START what year did the second macedonian war begin? END
START what battle signaled the end to the second macedonian war? END
START what empire won the second macedonian war? END
START antiochus iii allied with what king in 203 bc? END
START who defeated ptolemy? END
START in what war was ptolemy defeated? END
START what war bgean when antiochus iii invaded greece? END
START what years did the roman-syrian war take place? END
START what was the name of philip v's son who wanted to bring back greek independence? END
START perseus fought the romans in what war? END
START when was macedonia annexed by the romans? END
START which roman consul defeated the greeks at corinth? END
START when did the greek peninsula become a roman protectorate? END
START who was the final king of the attalid dynasty? END
START when did attalus iii die? END
START who willed pergamum to the roman republic? END
START in what year was the final greek resistance? END
START who led the final greek resistance? END
START who tried to invade egypt in the famous line-in-the-sand incident? END
START which roman proconsul ablished the seleucid rump state? END
START who was the last ptolemaic monarch? END
START at what battle was mark anthony defeated? END
START what region did augustus take on as his personal fiefdom? END
START who is most responsible for the preservation of hellenistic culture? END
START what museum and ilbrary was the center of hellenistic culture conservation? END
START where did most of the great literary figures of the hellenistic period study? END
START which city held the most prestigious seat of higher education? END
START what library was estimated to have 700,000 volumes? END
START which city became a major center of book production? END
START what island has a famous finishing school for diplomacy and politics? END
START what replaced babylon as the metropolis of the lower tigris? END
START philip ii and alexander's court army spoke a version of what language? END
START attic greek developed into what lingua franca? END
START ai-khanoum was situated on what kind of routes? END
START the practice of identifying local gods with greek deities is called what? END
START who wrote the story of crassus? END
START crassus' head is used a prop in what performance? END
START a 35 row theater at the edge of bactria was found in what region? END
START who led hellenization practices by founding new greek cities and colonies? END
START susa weddings were an example of how alexander mixed greek culture with what other culture? END
START who bitterly resented alexander's pragmatic approach of selecting his military? END
START alexander suffered from what mental disorder? END
START native populations in the hellenistic world were discriminated by what peoples? END
START hellinistic gymnasiums could only be used by whom? END
START what are the areas of concentration from where greek culture eminates? END
START what percent of the seleucid empire were comprised of native elites? END
START menander converted to what religion? END
START egyptianized greeks in the ptolemaic kingdom started to exist by which century? END
START greeks adopted what from local cultures? END
START a colonist far from the mediterranean and low in social rank would be more likely to do what? END
START greco-macedonian elites remained commited to what culture? END
START who did greeks look down upon? END
START who was the first ptolemaic ruler to learn the egyptian language? END
START what egyptian god was worshipped in athens? END
START zeus was paired with which local god? END
START aphrodite was paired with which local god? END
START isis was paired with what local god? END
START what practice did the ptolemies adopt in which they dubbed themselves god-kings? END
START what theism is practice of putting your self on the level of gods? END
START a long lived cult in erythrae worshiped which dead leader? END
START where was alexander's tomb located? END
START the hellinistic age marked the rise in what type of religion? END
START who declared the centrality of humanity and agnosticism? END
START what is the view "that the gods were simply ancient kings and heroes" called? END
START who thought that gods were distant and uninterested? END
START rulers brought the concept of divinity to where? END
START how would people ward off misfortune in hellenistic times? END
START what is the complex system based on the sun, moon, and planets movements that determine your personality? END
START astrology was associated with which cult? END
START what does tyche mean? END
START what was the trajectory of astrology during hellenistic times? END
START menander is one of the few remaining pieces of what time of liteary work? END
START what is the only play that remains in it's entirety from the new comedy era? END
START what is the name of the collection that holds fragments of works from 150 authors? END
START what two years are debated as the date in which menander was born? END
START who did hellenistic poets wish to court? END
START who wrote hymns equating ptolemy ii to zeus and apollo? END
START who said "big book, big evil"? END
START what was the name of callimachus' catalog at the library of alexandria? END
START who wrote argonautica? END
START what city remained the center of philosophical thought? END
START what does ataraxia mean? END
START what does autarky mean? END
START what does apatheia mean? END
START who promoted freedom from pain as the ultimate goal? END
START who said social norms and material possesions were unnatural and useless? END
START which group embraced hedonism? END
START who founded stoicism? END
START who rejected academic skepticism in favor of neoplatonism? END
START the royal patrons of alexander's successors supported what type of science? END
START what city was especially important to hellinistic science? END
START what century did alexandria become scientific research hub? END
START when did archimedes die? END
START when was euclid born? END
START who worked on the five platonic solids? END
START who measured the circumference of the earth? END
START who was the father of geomtery? END
START when was hipparchus born? END
START hipparchus measured the precession of what? END
START who stated that hipparchus created the first systematic star map? END
START hipparchus' star may be depicted in a statue called what? END
START whch astronomer developed a heliocentric system? END
START what is the name of the 37 gear computer which noted the motions of the sun and moon? END
START until what century were similar devices like the antikythera mechanism found? END
START what persian scholar noted the 10th century calculator similar to the antikythera mechanism? END
START what range of years is the antikythera mechanism thought to have been created? END
START who theorized that blood traveled through the veins? END
START who was the first to finalize his conclusions with dissections of cadevers? END
START which school of medicine was based on strict observation? END
START who was the first to provide accurate descriptions of the nervous system? END
START philip ii used a dense military formation called what? END
START were hellenistic armies smaller or larger than traditional greek armies? END
START the thorakitai used what type of oval shield? END
START from whom did seleucus receive war elephants? END
START what kind of elephant did the ptolemies use? END
START what was the largest ship constructed in antiquity? END
START who invented the polybolos? END
START what type of weapon is the polybolos? END
START who heavy was the helepolis siege tower? END
START how long was demetrius poliorcetes siege of rhodes? END
START emotion is called what in hellenistic art? END
START character is called what in hellenistic art? END
START who is the artist that drew grapes so lifelike, birds flew up and pecked at them? END
START the ideals of hellenistic art are sensuality and what? END
START what painting epitomized the female nude? END
START which artist chose mundane and low class subjects? END
START which barbarians were depicted in heroic form? END
START all of the diadochi painted themselves to look like what leader? END
START venus de milo belongs to which period? END
START which greek painter experimented in chiaroscuro? END
START were greek temples built in the hellenistic period larger or smaller than classical temples? END
START who rebuilt the apollo at didyma in 300 bce? END
START what is a greek royal palace called? END
START what is the first example of hellenistic period royal palace? END
START who said "then art dissapeared"? END
START the discovery of what tombs raised the profile of hellenistic art? END
START hellenistic art is describe as decadent mainly due to it following which style  period? END
START what century do the terms baroque and rococo come from? END
START what century of scholars considered the hellenistic period a decline in culture from classic greece? END
START how did 19th century scholars view the hellenistic period? END
START the viewpoint that the hellenistic period represented a decline in culture was proven to be meaningless and what? END
START who focused on the issue of racial and cultural confrontation? END
START which organization did michael rostovtzeff flee from? END
START who studied the problem mutual understanding between races in conquered areas? END
START frank william walbank mainly focused on which relations in his depictions of hellinistic culture? END
START whish hellinistic historian focused primarely on the economic system? END
START what is the largest private foundation in the world? END
START where is the bill and melinda gates foundation based?  END
START what is the largest private foundation in america? END
START where is the susan-desmond hellmann foundation based? END
START what are the names of the trustees for the foundation based in america? END
START what are the primary goals of the foundation in seattle? END
START what does the principal officer melinda gates control? END
START what was warren buffett's estimated net worth in 2008  END
START how many shares of berkshire hathway was pledged as a donation  END
START in 2013 buffett announced another donation to the foundation for how much  END
START what was warren buffet's net worth in 2013? END
START how many shares did bill gates pledge to donate? END
START what did melinda gates set so the contributions work as a matching contribution? END
START what must bill and melinda earmark shares to qualify for? END
START in 2013 buffet donated what amount to class b? END
START what did the foundation announce in november 2014 END
START what does the oa policy for publications and data do ? END
START what does the oa policy cover ? END
START in what year did bill and melinda gates adopt open access policy for capacity building and knowledge sharing? END
START what does the new agreement policy cover? END
START what does the oa policy for data sets do? END
START what is the most applauded among similar policies? END
START when is the publication and data policy effective for new agreements? END
START what two entities was the foundation divided into  END
START what does the foundation entity focus on END
START what does the trust entity focus on  END
START what is held in the trust entity  END
START what two sections was the trust divided into? END
START what is the trust based in seattle have as its focus? END
START what does the trust do with warren buffett's assets? END
START what did warren buffett divide the foundation into? END
START how does the foundation manage investment assets and achieve charitable goals? END
START what does the trust invest END
START what is the goal of the trust investments  END
START what are some of the negatives of the investments  END
START what type of company's are  critiscized END
START as a result of the critics what did the company announce  END
START what is the exclusive goal of the developing world trust? END
START what does the company invest? END
START when did the company decide to review its lack of sales in the developing world? END
START what policy did the company cancel after 2007? END
START what did the foundation announce in march 2006  END
START what is the international justice mission END
START what would the grant allow the ijm to do  END
START what did the office that ijm opened do specifically  END
START how much was the grant for the ijm for working in the area of training law enforcement? END
START what is the name of the undercover investigation organization based in washington dc? END
START what will the foundation office use the grant for? END
START what does the area of the foundation organization have high rates of? END
START where is the ijm as a law enforcement organization based? END
START what was the name of the project founded by the ijm  END
START where did project lantern open an office  END
START what did project lantern announce in 2010 END
START what services were also increased by project lantern END
START what was project lantern exploring  END
START what was the name of the project founded in the philippines? END
START what kinds of service increases has the project ijm led to? END
START what did project lantern want to replicate? END
START what was the ijm committed to resolving as a result of project lantern? END
START what city was chosen by trafficking survivors to found project lantern? END
START what was the wsh program launched in 2005 END
START when did the wsh become a full fledeged program END
START what efforts have the wsh taken  END
START what did the foundation decide in 2009  END
START why did the foundation make the switch  END
START what year was the global development division program launched? END
START what efforts has the global development division taken in the wash sector? END
START how did the wash believe it could make a difference in sanitation? END
START why is the global development division focused on sanitation for the poor? END
START in 2005 what did the foundation focus its wash effort on? END
START what did the foundation announce in 2011 END
START what is the purpose of the new overview END
START what has been the focus since 2011 END
START what models have been delivered END
START what did the transformative technologies announce in 2011? END
START what is the purpose of funding the new technology? END
START what advocacy policies have been delivered? END
START where is communication lowest in the region? END
START what year has the grant making focus been on funding? END
START what is need in the developing world  END
START what does data collected by unicef and who show END
START how many people have no sanatation facilities END
START what country is the worst violator END
START india is host to what activity END
START what is needed for the who? END
START what country has been the focus of the foundation's monitoring activities? END
START what program monitors progress toward improved sanitation? END
START how many people are monitored under the jmp? END
START what fair took place that was hosted by the who? END
START when was reinvent the toilet launched  END
START what is the aim of reinvent the toilet  END
START what program compliment reinvent the toilet  END
START what was excluded by the funding schemes  END
START in 2011 what program was launched by grand challenges exploration? END
START what program generated interest by grand challenges explorations? END
START what did both innovations exclude? END
START what program complimented innovations in toilet design? END
START what was the aim of grand challenges explorations? END
START what countries have received grants  END
START how much were the grants for  END
START what did many investigate  END
START what did the reinvent the toilet challenge investigate? END
START what off-site treatment solutions received grants? END
START after receiving 1-3 million for the first phase how much were the grants for the second phase? END
START how many teams received grants to help universities? END
START since the launch of investigating resource recovery what did the grants develop? END
START what is reinvent the toilet trying to develop END
START what compliments the challenge  END
START what does the omni processor do END
START what does reinvent the toilet challenge convert into beneficial products? END
START what does the stand alone toilet do to develop local business and revenue? END
START what compliments the research and development effort to develop a hygenic toilet? END
START what does another investment program use to convert sludge? END
START what is another investment program trying to develop? END
START the foundation has donated billions to sufferers of  END
START how many children were protected from death  END
START what are some consequences of the investments  END
START what has the focus on a few diseases caused  END
START vaccinations programs encouraged what  END
START what has the los angeles times donated billions for? END
START what has the focus on allocation of aid shortchanged in africa? END
START what have higher-paid clinicians instructed caregivers to ignore? END
START how did discussing ailments add to the doctor shortage? END
START what did the gates-funded aids program want to ignore? END
START what did the foundation decide not to fund END
START why did they decide not to fund abortion END
START before 2013 the foundation gave how how much to planned parenthood END
START who decided not to fund basic family planning? END
START in 2013 what debate did bill gates say is in the way of family planning? END
START how much did bill & melinda gates donate for family planning up to 2013? END
START what affiliated organization is the primary us abortion provider? END
START what issue did bill gates say he struggled with in 2014? END
START what is the us libraries initiative  END
START how much of the worlds population can reach the internet END
START what have the grants provided public libraries END
START what has the grant enabled  END
START how much of the world's population has access to libraries? END
START what has the library given to increase access and knowledge? END
START what is the digital age initiative? END
START what has reaching the internet enabled? END
START what has the world's population installed? END
START what is a key aspect of the gates foundation in the us END
START what do these efforts include END
START how much did it spend in 2009 END
START it was an early backer of what  END
START how much did teachers' unions spend on education in 2009? END
START what is a key aspect of the common core state standards u.s. efforts? END
START what group has donated to the two largest national charter schools? END
START what did the gates foundation spend on support for teacher evaluations in 2009? END
START what were teachers' unions the biggest early backer of? END
START what is 1 foundation goal  END
START one way to increase college graduation by the foundation is  END
START how did they work on college financing  END
START what has the united states tried to do to increase the number of college graduates? END
START what is the goal of think tanks to lower poverty in the united states? END
START what groups will produce grants for changing the financial aid system? END
START what did the foundation fund to change the poverty rate? END
START what does the foundation want to lower by changing financial aid? END
START what has been funded as part of the education initiatives END
START what do the millions in grants given to news agencies do  END
START critics don't like the foundations use of media why  END
START where does the foundation list grants  END
START who founded teach plus  END
START what have journalists accused teach plus of? END
START why have governments feared the foundation? END
START what has been funded as part of the news-related initiatives? END
START where does the foundation list grantees? END
START who founded the education writers association? END
START why were the gates foundation educational reforms critcized END
START what are several of the gates backed policies  END
START have the policies been criticized  END
START what does 1 specific study of charter schools show  END
START what do stanford studies find that policies don't improve? END
START who has criticized charter school reform programs? END
START why were the scientific educational reforms criticized? END
START which scientific studies have been expensive and disruptive? END
START what have predetermined policy preferences shown about charter schools? END
START what two entities was the foundation split into in october 2016 END
START when must the trust resources be spent END
START what does warren buffet stipulate his berkshire hathaway  shares be used for in the 10 year period after his death  END
START when must shares be spent for the foundation? END
START when do bill and melinda gates say berkshire hathaway shares are to be spent? END
START in 2006 how was berkshire hathaway split? END
START how long after the estate has been settled will the bill and melinda gates foundation shares be used for philanthropy? END
START what does berkshire hathaway manage as part of the foundation trust? END
START what is montevideo classified as? END
START what rank did montevideo hold in latin america during 2013? END
START montevideo is the hub of commerce and higher education in what area? END
START montevideo is the chief port of what area? END
START what is the population of montevideo? END
START who organized the spanish expedition? END
START what date did the spanish force the portuguese to abandon the location? END
START who was one significant early italian resident?  END
START what became the main city of the region north of the rio de la plata? END
START what were buenos aires and montevideo fighting for dominance over? END
START the importance of montevideo as the main port of the viceroyalty of the rio de la plata brought confrontations with what city? END
START when did british troops occupy the city of montevideo? END
START when did the spanish recapture the city of montevideo? END
START who was forced to surrender to troops formed by forces of the banda oriental?  END
START who replaced liniers? END
START after the revolution of 1810 there was a subsequent uprising of what provinces?  END
START where did the spanish colonial government move to after the uprising of the provinces of rio de la plata? END
START who was the uruguayan revolutionary that united with others from buenos aires? END
START what year was the spanish governor expelled? END
START what year did portugal invade the recently liberated territory? END
START what was juan antonio lavalleja's band caled?  END
START what year was uruguay consolidated as an independent state? END
START manuel oribe and fructuoso rivera fought against what empire? END
START manuel oribe and fructuoso rivera fought under whose command? END
START who represented oribe's blancos? END
START who represented rivera's colorados? END
START what did montevideo suffer between 1843 and 1851? END
START how did the british and french supply the city of montevideo?? END
START what year did the colorados defeat oribe? END
START what year was a stagecoach bus line established in montevideo? END
START between what years were the first natural gas street lights constructed? END
START what year was the teatro solis inaugurated?  END
START what year was an underwater telegraph line made that connected montevideo with buenos aires? END
START what year did compania de tranvias al paso del molino y cerro creat the first lines connecting montevideo with union? END
START what year was mercado del puerto inaugurated?  END
START what year was the first railway line of the company ferrocarril central del uruguay inaugurated?  END
START what year was bulevar circunvalcion constructed?  END
START when were the first telephone lines installed? END
START when did electric street lights replace the gas operated lights? END
START when did the hipodromo de maronas start operating? END
START when was the central railway station of montevideo inaugurated?  END
START what century did many europeans immigrate to the city of montevideo? END
START in 1908 what percent of the city's population was foreign-born? END
START the rodo park and the estadio gran parque central serves as poles of what? END
START who was the admiral of the german pocket ship? END
START where did the famous incident involving the german pocket battleship take place in? END
START when year did the battle of the river plate take place? END
START montevideo is situated on the north shore of what? END
START what river forms a natural border between montevideo and san jose department? END
START what does the bay of montevideo form? END
START the city of montevideo has an average elevation of what? END
START how far is to the neighboring capitol of san jose de mayo? END
START how far is to the neighboring capitol of canelones? END
START the municipality of montevideo was first created by a legal act of what? END
START who was the municipality's first mayor? END
START municipalities were abolished by what? END
START how many political municipalities has the city of montevideo been divided into as of 2010? END
START what is the head of each municipio called? END
START who elects the mayor of the political municipalities?  END
START what had many of the city's barrios previously been? END
START what is a neighborhood of great significance?  END
START what surrounded the neighborhood of ciudad vieja? END
START how many inhabitants did montevideo have in 1860? END
START what happened to the population by the year 1880? END
START the population quadrupled by 1880 due mainly to what? END
START what had the population grown to in 1908? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was montevideo's population? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was uruguay's population? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was montevideo's female population? END
START according to the census survey carried out between 15 june and 31 july 2004, what was montevideo's male population? END
START what is the economic and political centre of the country? END
START what year was the world trade center montevideo constructed? END
START what year was the telecommunications tower constructed? END
START what kind of company does ancap run? END
START what kind of company does antel run? END
START what has traditionally been the strongest service export sectors in uruguay? END
START uruguay was once dubbed as what? END
START what is the largest bank in uruguay?  END
START where is banco republica based in? END
START what accounts for much of uruguay's economy? END
START where is tourism in montevideo centered in? END
START plaza independencia constitutes one end of what? END
START how many guest rooms does the sheraton have? END
START how many suites does the sheraton have? END
START how many rooms does the radisson montevideo have? END
START what is the heartland of retailing in uruguay? END
START what city has become the centre of business and real estate?  END
START what year was montevideo shopping  built? END
START what style of building is the montevideo metropolitan cathedral?  END
START what style of building is the world trade center montevideo?  END
START what is the tallest skyscraper in the country? END
START what district has many homes built by bello and reboratti? END
START between what years did bello and reboratti built most of the homes in the pocitos district?  END
START who designed the edificio panamericano? END
START what types of apartment buildings were constructed during the boom of the 1970's and 1980's? END
START when did world trade center montevideo officially open? END
START what was the first building to be inaugurated?  END
START when was world trade center 2 inaugurated? END
START when was world trade center 3 inaugurated? END
START what was intended to be a platform for the development of business activities? END
START the square contains a sculpture by what renowned uruguayan sculptor?  END
START how much space is world trade center 4 projected to have? END
START what is uruguay's oldest theater?  END
START when was the solis theater built? END
START who owns the solis theater? END
START what year did the government of montevideo start a major reconstruction of the solis  theater? END
START what year was the reconstruction of the solis theater completed? END
START who designed the palacio salvo? END
START what year was the palacio salvo completed?  END
START how high does the palacio salvo stand? END
START what is also a major note in ciudad vieja? END
START what is the cabildo? END
START what is the burial place of fructuoso rivera? END
START where is the equestrian statue of bruno mauricio de zabala located?  END
START what major public central park is located south of avenida italia?  END
START how many former districts does the current barrio of parque battle include?  END
START what sub district of parque batlle took its name from the original villa of don alejo rossell y rius? END
START parque batlle is named in honor of who? END
START jose batile y ordonez was president of where?  END
START between what years was jose batlle y ordonez president of uruguay?  END
START parque batlle was originally proposed by what? END
START parque rodo belongs to who? END
START what does the name "rodo" commemorate?  END
START who was an important uruguayan writer that is commemorated by parque rodo?  END
START parque rodo was originally conceived as what? END
START what is on the east side of the park? END
START what takes part on the east side of the main park every sunday? END
START what side has an artificial lake with a little castle? END
START what does the little castle on the north side of the park house? END
START who planned the first set of subsidiary forts? END
START when were the first set of subsidiary forts planned? END
START the subsidiary forts were established to stop what? END
START where were the spaniards emanating from? END
START what overlooks the bay of montevideo? END
START what replaced the observation post in 1802? END
START when did construction of the fortress begin? END
START when did construction of the fortress finish? END
START what avenue goes along the entire coastline of montevideo? END
START avenue or watercourse is the literal meaning of what spanish word? END
START in the americas rambla is mostly used to refer to what? END
START what is the largest cemetery? END
START where is the central cemetery located? END
START what year was the central cemetery founded? END
START where is the british cemetery montevideo located? END
START who purchased a plot of land in the name of the english residents? END
START when did mr. thomas samuel hood purchase a plot of land at the british cemetery montevideo?  END
START when did the government compensate the british by moving the cemetery to buceo? END
START what unique form of dance originated in the neighbourhods of montevideo? END
START tango, candombe and murga are three main styles of what? END
START how many movie theater companies are there in montevideo? END
START what is the most prominent theater in uruguay? END
START who gave the initial donation of the private library? END
START when did father jose manuel perez castellano die? END
START who was the promoter, director and organizer of the first public library in montevideo? END
START tango, milonga and vals criollo are the most popular forms of music in what region? END
START when was fun fun bar established? END
START where is el farolito located? END
START what suffered when the military junta took over power in uruguay? END
START rimer cardillo was one of the country's leading what? END
START who made the national institute of fine arts? END
START what was the seat of government during the colonial times of the viceroyalty of the rio de la plata? END
START where is the montevideo cabildo located? END
START between what years was the montevideo cabildo built? END
START what style was the montevideo cabildo? END
START when did the montevideo cabildo become a national heritage site? END
START where is the palacio taranco located? END
START when was the palacio taranco erected? END
START the palacio taranco was erected to be the residence for whom? END
START who designed the palacio taranco? END
START the national history museum of montevideo is located where? END
START what houses the museo romantico? END
START how many houses has the historical museum annexed? END
START the museo torres garcia is located where? END
START the museo torres garcia exhibits whose unusual portraits?  END
START who established the museo torres garcia? END
START manolita pina torres was the widow of who? END
START where is the national museum of visual arts located? END
START what does the national museum of visual arts have the largest collection of in uruguay? END
START when was the juan manuel blanes museum founded? END
START who painted uruguayan patriotic themes? END
START where is the museo de historia del arte located? END
START where is the museo de guacho y de la moneda located? END
START what are bombillas? END
START where is the museo naval located? END
START where is the museo y parque fernando garcia located? END
START what is the center of traditional uruguayan food and beverage in montevideo? END
START what is a torta frita? END
START where is arcadia located? END
START where is shannon irish pub located? END
START what is the major annual festival in montevideo? END
START what is the annual montevideo carnaval part of? END
START what does tablados mean? END
START what does desfile de las llamadas mean? END
START church and state have been officially separated in uruguay since what year? END
START what religion has the most followers in montevideo? END
START when was the roman catholic archdiocese of montevideo created? END
START what does nuestra senora del sagrado corazon mean? END
START what does iglesia punta carretas mean? END
START between what years was the iglesia punta carretas built? END
START what stle was the iglesia punta carretas built in? END
START what is the country's largest university?  END
START in 2007 the university of the republic had a student body of how many people? END
START when was the university of the republic founded? END
START who is the current rector of the university of the republic? END
START when did the process of funding the country's public university begin? END
START who proposed the law that began the process of funding the country's public university? END
START when was the house of general studies formed? END
START when did manuel oribe pass a decree establishing the greater university of the republic? END
START what is the largest private university in uruguay? END
START when was ort uruguay established? END
START when was ort uruguay officially certified as a private university? END
START how many students does the ort uruguay university have? END
START what is the main methodist educational institution in uruguay? END
START when was the montevideo crandon institute founded? END
START what is the first academic institution in south america where a home economics course was taught? END
START where is the christian brothers of ireland stella maris college located? END
START when was the christian brothers of ireland stella maris college established? END
START what is regarded as one of the best high schools in the country? END
START who is the headmaster of the christian brothers of ireland stella maris college? END
START where is the british schools of montevideo located? END
START when was the british schools of montevideo established? END
START what was the british schools of montevideo original purpose? END
START where is st. brendan's school located? END
START what was st. brendan's school previously named? END
START what is the only school in the country implementing three international baccalaureate programmes? END
START what is the national football stadium in parque batlle? END
START when was estadio centenario opened?  END
START how many seats does the estadio centenario have?  END
START where is the uruguayan basketball league headquartered? END
START when was the golf club of punta carretas founded? END
START equestrianism regained importance in montevideo after what? END
START what does dnt stand for? END
START who is responsible for the organization and development of montevideo's transport infrastructure? END
START where is the tres cruces bus terminal located? END
START what does the afe stand for? END
START what neighborhood is the general artigas central station located? END
START when was the general artigas central station abandoned? END
START what gives natural protection to ships in montevideo? END
START between what years did the main engineering work on the port of montevideo bay take place? END
START what happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works? END
START what is one of the oldest hospitals in uruguay? END
START who originally donated the land for hospital macie? END
START when was the first building of the hospital maciel established? END
START what is the only psychiatric hospital in montevideo? END
START who is hospital vilardebo named after? END
START when did the hospital vilardebo open? END
START how many inpatients did the the hospital vilardebo have in 1915? END
START what is the significance of poultry in the lives of humans? END
START are all domesticated and wild birds classified as poultry  ? END
START what types of  birds are most commonly considered poultry? END
START was the latin word for poultry also used to decribe other small animals as opposed to any poulty? END
START are any other birds considered common in the world of poultry? END
START what are domesticated birds kept by humans for the meat they produce? END
START what is the definition of the french word "pullus?" END
START what is the french term for "fowl?" END
START what is the norman term for "waterfowl?" END
START what is the latin word for pigeons? END
START what is the significance of poultry in the lives of aliens? END
START what types of birds are rarely considered poultry? END
START what word means to eat small animals in latin? END
START what birds are no longer considered as poultry? END
START what language was the word "poultry" banned from? END
START how long have humans used domsticated poultry ? END
START what have people use domesticated poultry for besides food ? END
START why did humans feel that addtional breeding tatics were necessary in poulty?  END
START has breeding changed the original characterictics of the animals ? END
START how popular is poultry as a consumable among humans ? END
START what is the second most widely eaten type of food domestically?  END
START how long did it take to domesticate poultry? END
START what were wild chickens used for at first? END
START what were wild quail kept for at first? END
START how long have humans avoided domesticated poultry? END
START what have people use domesticated poultry for aside from medicine? END
START why did humans feel that additional breeding tactics were unnecessary in poultry? END
START how popular is pottery consumption among humans? END
START why do modern breeds look the same as their wild ancestors? END
START what two addtional types of birds are listed in teh encyclopedia britanica as poultry? END
START who is the authoor of the book poultry breeding and genetics? END
START what is the most likely outout for the common variety of pheasant ? END
START edmund dixon is most famous for what inclusions in his 1854 book on poultry ? END
START do all language make the distinction between poultry and fowls? END
START what is the japanese term for young pigeons? END
START what book did d. r. crawford write? END
START what book was written in 1884? END
START what is the japanese term for "domesticated chicken?" END
START what is the only type of bird listed in the encyclopedia britannica as poultry? END
START who is the jailed author of the book poultry breeding and genetics? END
START what country has no birds that are considered poultry? END
START what word means the opposite of poultry? END
START who wrote the 1842 classic book on poultry, ornamental and domestic poultry: their history, and management? END
START what are male chickens called ? END
START how are male chickens able to be identified ? END
START what do chickens normally consume when in the natural wild environment? END
START do chickens fly like other birds? END
START from what birds are chickens decended from ? END
START what are characterized by red wattles on their heads? END
START what do hens have more exaggerated plumage than? END
START what is thought to have taken place 1,000 to 17,000 years ago? END
START what has been found in china dating back to 4500 bc? END
START where did chickens reach by 4250 years ago? END
START what are male chickens never allowed to be called? END
START what do chickens always consume when in artificial environments? END
START why are chickens unable to fly? END
START what birds are chickens superior to? END
START when did the domestication of chickens fail? END
START are there any purebreed lines for poultry today? END
START when did the poultry business boom in the united states ? END
START how has breeding helped in the pultry industry? END
START how can you normally identify a cock when recently hatched? END
START what began in 1820? END
START what became present in the united kingdom in 1900? END
START what was of greater importance than the poultry meat-producing industry in the mid-20th century? END
START how many eggs can male birds produce in a year? END
START what year did modern high-output poultry farms become established in the united states? END
START why does no breeding for poultry exist today? END
START when did the poultry business end permanently in the united states? END
START how has breeding destroyed the poultry industry? END
START how can you normally identify a cock when it doesn't hatch? END
START what birds are castrated to increase aggression? END
START what breed of chicken is named after a town in java ? END
START how are bantams different from other chickens? END
START do bantams lay regular sized eggs ? END
START where are bantams kept? END
START what is the name for a small variety of european chicken? END
START what country is the town of java located in? END
START domestic sailors bought small chickens for what? END
START what breed of worm is named after a town in java? END
START why are bantams not considered an animal? END
START what bird is unable to lay eggs due to the small size? END
START where are bantams usually hidden? END
START what sailors disliked small chickens? END
START how long ago was the sport of fighting chickens been around? END
START what is the termed used to define the game of fighting chickens called? END
START do chickens die in the sport of cockfighting? END
START have theere been any types of chickens who were really good at cockfighting? END
START do people bet on the cockfighting or is it just for entertainment? END
START what breed of rooster was developed in the chinese subcontinent? END
START what is said to be persia's oldest spectator sport? END
START why has cockfighting has been banned in many cultures during the last century? END
START when was the sport of fighting chickens stopped? END
START what is the term used to define the game of breeding chickens called? END
START what are chickens not going to do during a cockfight? END
START have there been any types of kittens who were really good at cockfighting? END
START why is cockfighting no longer something people want to be involved with? END
START how can you identify a duck from other poultry? END
START what do you call a male duck? END
START how can you identify a drake from a the female of the species? END
START what does the diet of cultivated ducks consistof ? END
START do all ducks fly south for the winter? END
START why can't you identify a duck from other poultry? END
START what can you never call a male duck? END
START what does the diet of cultivated ducks not include? END
START how many ducks hibernate during the winter? END
START what makes it impossible for ducks to eat animals? END
START how long have ducks possibly been in domesticated domicile with humans? END
START how far behind the east society was the western culture in domesticating ducks? END
START how did lucius columella recommend that one go abbout the business of domesticating ducks.? END
START when did ducks begin to appear in the books of western europeon society ? END
START where ducks ever used as a type of commerence in the world? END
START how long have ducks continued to avoid humans? END
START how far behind the east society was the western culture in banning ducks? END
START how did lucius columella recommend that one go about the business of domesticating felines? END
START when did ducks begin to disappear from the books of western european society? END
START what breed of duck is considered the first? END
START what are the outcomes of the breeding of ducks for humans? END
START what variety is the most common the the united states and the u.k. END
START why is the pekin duck the favored of the western world? END
START why is duck more common than other poultry in the east society ?? END
START what breed of duck is considered the worst? END
START what are the outcomes of breeding ducks with humans? END
START what variety of duck is no longer found in the us and the uk? END
START why is the pekin duck unfavorable in the western world? END
START what common variety of poultry in the west is not found in the east? END
START when was the greylag goose first domesticated by humans? END
START what other name is the swan goose know by ? END
START where is it believed that the greylag goose was first domesticated in theworld? END
START are geese an important part of the poultry industry? END
START when was the greylag goose domesticated by the romans? END
START what other name is the swan goose no longer known by? END
START where is it believed that the greylag goose was never domesticated? END
START what is no longer an important part of the poultry industry? END
START do domestic and wild geese have the same apperearance ? END
START what types of geese are used for human consumption? END
START what types of geese are used most efficiently for their egg production? END
START what is the down feathers of geese most commonly used for ? END
START why is the meat of geese considered fatty ? END
START what goose is unable to make any sound? END
START what is the down feathers of geese never used for? END
START why is the meat of geese considered lean? END
START what is the only type of goose not used for human consumption? END
START how many species is the recent day turkey suspected to have embarked from? END
START when were turkeys first used in a domestication setting? END
START what other purposes have the domesticated turkey been used for aside from food? END
START when and with what culture did domesticated turkey start to appear in the united states ? END
START how many species is the recent day bigfoot suspected to have embarked from? END
START when were turkeys first used in a hostile setting? END
START what other purposes have the endangered turkeys been used for aside from food? END
START when and with what culture did domesticated turkey start to appear in the ocean? END
START what type of accomidations are domesticated turkey normally grown in? END
START what type of conditions are used to increase the weight and profitability of commercial turkeys? END
START at what age is the average turkey considered ready for the initial step of the commercial food process? END
START how much more does a average commercial  turkey weigh in comparison to its wild turkey cousins ? END
START what the average for the amount of  turkeys are consumed in the u.s on thanksgiving day? END
START what are domesticated turkeys no longer grown in? END
START what age is the moose considered ready for the initial step of the commercial food process? END
START what is the average for the amount of parrots that are consumed in the u.s on thanksgiving day? END
START what type of conditions are used to decrease the weight and profitability of commercial turkeys? END
START how much more does a average commercial feather weigh in comparison to its wild turkey cousins ? END
START have quails ever been used for entertainment purposes ? END
START where can quails typically be found in the wild? END
START what is the typical diet consist of for qails ? END
START from what country do most domesticated  quails today descend from ? END
START why are quails always silent? END
START where are quails typically invisible in the wild? END
START what does a rare diet always consist of for quails? END
START what country do all domesticated quails descend from? END
START why did the japanses begin to breed quails in teh 20th century? END
START when did the quail egg business begin to really become an economic driven industry? END
START what caused a marked sownturn in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom? END
START how many eggs can be laid by the present day decendants of the japanese quail? END
START are quails used for any purpose other than human consumption ? END
START why did the japanese begin to breed quails in the 16th century? END
START when did the quail egg business fail to become an economic driven industry? END
START what caused a marked euphoria in the production of quail eggs following the industry boom? END
START what fields are japanese quail forbidden to be used? END
START what is the only country with a japanese quail farming industry? END
START what continent is the evolution of guinea fowl credited to? END
START who first domesticated the guinea fowl ? END
START aside from consumption how are guinea fowl  useful to humans. END
START what are guinea fowl  also praised for accomplishing for humans? END
START what part of the moon did guinea fowl originate from? END
START who were the only groups to domesticate a guinea fowl? END
START why are guinea fowl useless to humans? END
START what are guinea fowl also praised for accomplishing for martians? END
START what is the gourmet title given to pigeons ? END
START from what variety of pigeon does the squab decen? END
START are squabs treated differently from other piegons by humans aside from consumption? END
START how often are pigeons able to breed for the consumption process ? END
START what is the gourmet title that was taken away from pigeons? END
START what variety of pigeon does the squab avoid? END
START why does the breeding season only last a few days? END
START how many squabs do most pigeon pairs make in their lifetime? END
START what is the most popular type of poulty that is farmed? END
START how many birds are routinely raised in the world for the consumption process? END
START how is the cost of the price for animal feed related to the poulty cost for consumers? END
START before industrialization how were chickens normally cared for? END
START what is the major significance of chickens to women in underdeveloped countries? END
START what is the worst type of poultry that is farmed? END
START how many birds are ritualistically sacrificed in the world for the consumption process? END
START how is the cost of the price for animal feed unrelated to the poultry cost for consumers? END
START what is the major danger of chickens to women in underdeveloped countries? END
START what is the benefit to chickens of being in a free-range farming location? END
START what is yarding in relation to the pultry industry? END
START what is the most intensive type of enclosure system used in the poultry business? END
START how are eggs collected in teh battery cage system? END
START what is the benefit to chickens of being in a caged location? END
START what is yarding in relation to the pottery industry? END
START what is the only type of enclosure system used in the poultry business? END
START how are eggs destroyed in the battery cage system? END
START when did battery cages become the only way to house hens? END
START what is the average size of chickens used extensively for it's meat production raised in an intensive environment?  END
START how long does it take for an broiler raisedin an intensive environment very to reach optimum size? END
START what is the death rate among chickens who are intensivley breed to be broilers? END
START do chicken raised in the intensive broiler method suffer from health condions? END
START how long does it take for a chicken raised in a less intensive envionment to reach optimal broiler size? END
START what are chickens raised only for their fashion sense known as? END
START how long does it take a broiler to reach gargantuan size? END
START what is the death rate among chickens who are intensively bred to be fried chicken? END
START why are broilers considered to be very healthy chickens? END
START how do chickens like to spend their vacations? END
START what are some of the major concerns with intensive breeding programs? END
START what harsh measures do farmers use to prevent the chickens from harming themselves or others? END
START what are some of the major concerns with extensive breeding programs such as free range ? END
START how is the spread of the avian flu related to the conditions in which chickens are kept? END
START what is considered the most alarming setting for chickens to be raised in? END
START what are some of the minor concerns with intensive breeding programs? END
START what harsh measures do farmers use to encourage chickens to harm themselves or others? END
START what are typically slow to spread through the flock? END
START what is the only type of farming that has animal welfare concerns? END
START is there a pplace where lovers of the chicken are able to see some of its best attributes ? END
START in such competitions what are the chickens juged on? what attibutes are considered viable? END
START are there breed standards used for the competitions? END
START what are some of the most widely known poultry tournaments? END
START from where does the idea of a poultry tournament orginate? END
START where are national and regional poultry shows banned? END
START what was never made illegal that involves birds fighting? END
START what are never part of general livestock shows? END
START what are the unknown poultry tournaments? END
START why are poultry shows not allowed in most countries? END
START jo w common is the consumtion of poultry in the world? END
START how many animals of the poultry variety are raised for consumtion each year? END
START what type of enviornment is poultry most commonly raised in? END
START how many industry models are followed for the production process of poultry? END
START what is the europeon model of the poultry business ? END
START what is the only type of meat that is eaten in the world? END
START what type of environment is poultry always raised in? END
START how many industry models are not followed for the production process of poultry? END
START what country has never had poultry before? END
START how many ducks did china produce for consumption in 2011? END
START what other countries are important to the duck husbandry business? END
START who is the largest producer of duck meat among the western nations? END
START what is the market percentage held by the country that controls the biggest share of the global market for goose and guinea fowl meat END
START how many ducks did china produce for cartoons in 2011? END
START what country only eats goose and guinea fowl meat? END
START where is eating duck forbidden? END
START who is the only producer of duck meat among the western nations? END
START is poultry available in various forms? END
START what is the most substantial part of a birds antomy as it apples to consupmtion og the meat? END
START are certain parts of the bird used for particular reasons in relation to receipes? END
START what liquid form is poultry normally kept in? END
START what kind of food can never be deboned? END
START what part of the bird is considered poison? END
START what kind of wings are no longer eaten in the us? END
START are there reasons for the dark meat  that poultry has? END
START what is the white meat of chicken actually used for by the animal ? END
START what causes the meat of some poultry to show rainbow like colr striations? END
START do some varities of  poultry have more dark meat than others? END
START what is the only kind of meat available in birds? END
START why is white meat of chicken never actually used by the animal? END
START what birds have no breast muscle? END
START what kind of meat is considered dangerous to eat? END
START when is it possible for baccteria is enter into poultry before you get it home? END
START what percentage of poultry is tainted with staphylococcus bacteria? END
START are the bacteria that is found on poultry easy to get rid of? END
START what considerations do consumers need when using safe handling procedures with poultry regardless of cooking method used?? END
START why can't bacteria enter poultry? END
START what percentage of medicine is tainted with staphylococcus bacteria? END
START what bacterial infections are not possible as of today? END
START what is a common myth about poultry and bacteria? END
START is the avian flu a risk only to animals? END
START what portion of the world is considered to be most at risk for the rapid spread of the avian flu? END
START what is the danger to humans in regards to the spread of avian flu to humans ? END
START can the avian flu be sread from wild birds to birds kept in husbandry? END
START why is the avian flu only a risk to animals? END
START what portion of the world is immune to the flu? END
START why is the avian influenza considered to be completely safe? END
START what kind of poultry are immune to avian influenza? END
START what is most commonly found in people compared to birds? END
START what are poultry eggs used for aside from consumption? END
START what is the major difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines? END
START how long does it take for the flu vaccine to be fully ready for deployment into the population ? END
START in order to make a vaccine , what do viruses require that bacteria does not? END
START what new technology is being used in teh vaccine making process that will make vaccines safer and eaier for most consumers? END
START why are poultry eggs useless aside from consumption? END
START why is there no difficulty faced in using poultry to cultivate vaccines? END
START what do viruses need in order to replicate in the laboratory? END
START what is a simple process that takes about one month to prepare? END
START what food is least commonly associated with allergy? END
START what is the nutitional value to humans of poultry and poultry products? END
START what is the fat and protien content of a 100g ram serving of baked chicken breast contain ? END
START how much healthy fat in in the average serving of poultry? END
START does chicken contain fat? END
START what meat has no nutritional value to humans? END
START what meat's protein is the lowest quality? END
START how many full pounds of fat are found in an average chicken breast? END
START what food is considered toxic when mixed with poultry? END
START why does chicken have the lowest fat content of any meat? END
START in what place with the word "name" in it do most people speak dutch? END
START islands in the caribbean that include dutch as an official language include curaao, sint maarten, and what other place? END
START it's been estimated that up to what number of native dutch speakers live in australia, the u.s., and canada? END
START in southern africa, dutch has developed over many years into what daughter language? END
START what the low estimate for the number of people who speak afrikaans? END
START which two languages does dutch most closely resemble? END
START which germanic accent mark do both the english and the dutch language not use? END
START unlike english, both german and dutch use how many genders in their grammar? END
START which verb tense have both english and dutch mostly gotten rid of? END
START does dutch borrow more or less from romance languages for its vocabulary than german? END
START what are variations on dutch used in belgium sometimes called? END
START what is the dutch language officially called in the netherlands? END
START what would someone in belgium call the variation of dutch spoken in flanders? END
START what is the dutch name for the "hollandish" dialect of the language? END
START if "vlaams" is "flemish," what would english speakers call "west-vlaams"? END
START what old germanic term was used to describe the non-romance languages that developed in europe? END
START what language was used for writing and by the catholic church instead of the language "of the people"? END
START the word "theudisk" was first found in a text from what year? END
START what year were the oaths of strasbourg written? END
START what word was used in the oaths of strasbourg for the oath's germanic section? END
START in what century was a differentiation made to clear up confusion about west germanic languages? END
START what west central german dialect of dutch contains the name of a u.s. state? END
START what's the native pennsylvania dutch word for the language? END
START in what decade did people in new jersey stop speaking jersey dutch? END
START dutch people didn't have an officially established word for the "dutch" language until what century? END
START what word meaning "low dutch" was sometimes used to distinguish dutch from germany's language? END
START instead of "german," what word used to refer to the language of the country of germany? END
START what does "hoogduits" translate to in english? END
START now that "nederlands" is used for dutch in dutch, what do dutch speakers call german? END
START what was the new word for dutch that still caused some confusion with the language spoken in germany? END
START what does the word "neder" translate to in english? END
START the netherlands are "low" because of their placement near what delta by the north sea? END
START what language started the trend of referring to the netherlands as "germania inferior"? END
START "nederduits" often caused people to mix up the language of the netherlands with that spoken in what directional area of germany?  END
START how many different versions of a germanic language were spoken in the low countries? END
START which germanic dialect was spoken in the eastern region? END
START which dialects are referred to as "old dutch"? END
START was the transition from old dutch to modern dutch gradual, or did it happen quickly? END
START which germanic dialect was spoken in the north and west of the low countries?  END
START which language tree groups dutch with english? END
START what group of languages have to comply with grimm's law? END
START in what age did the sound patterns that distinguish germanic languages develop? END
START along with grimm's law, what's the other rule for germanic-sounding speech called? END
START what does a language need to share with the group in order to be classified as germanic? END
START into how many groups are germanic languages usually split? END
START in what historical period did the different types of germanic languages stop being collectively understood? END
START what group of germanic languages includes dutch, english, and german? END
START what's the west germanic dialect spoken in the north sea region called? END
START which dialect group included most frankish tribes? END
START what's another term for "frankish"? END
START what city is closest to the bergakker inscription? END
START to which century do some researchers attribute the bergakker inscription? END
START what word found in roman writings became "wad" in modern dutch? END
START what does the dutch word "wad" mean in english? END
START what's another name for old frisian? END
START what's another name for old english? END
START what language stayed very similar to the language spoken by franks? END
START what period is the bergakker inscription from that shows characteristics of the old dutch language? END
START what's another name for old dutch that demonstrates its difference from german franconian? END
START are written records of old dutch rare or common? END
START what frankish document contains the oldest recorded instance of dutch? END
START what creature is swimming in the dutch phrase "visc flot aftar themo uuatare"? END
START where did the monk who wrote the most famous old dutch sentence live? END
START what historically significant dutch document begins with the phrase "forsachistu diobolae"? END
START what language did middle dutch come from? END
START what year do some researchers say marked the point when old dutch morphed? END
START rather than a single language, what group sharing origins in old dutch does the term "middle dutch" refer to? END
START would a text written in middle dutch be readable or unintelligible for a dutch speaker today? END
START what court in dijon prior to 1477 had a hand in standardizing dutch? END
START which two dutch dialects had the greatest influence in the middle ages? END
START which century marked great progress in dutch standardization brought on by antwerp? END
START what year did the spanish conquer antwerp? END
START what was the first dutch bible translation called? END
START what was the old name for the geographical region that's now belgium and luxembourg? END
START what people ruled the southern netherlands after the austrians? END
START what year did the netherlands and belgium agree on a treaty to accommodate each other's language? END
START what was the name of the treaty that brought the dialects of belgium and the netherlands together? END
START the commonality between dutch spoken by people in the netherlands and dutch-speaking belgium can be compared to the relationship between british english and what language? END
START what's the "cheesy" name for east low franconian? END
START what language has the most in common with the east low franconian dialect of dutch? END
START along with german and english, what standardized west germanic language is similar to dutch? END
START non-standardized languages similar to dutch include yiddish and what other west germanic language? END
START as opposed to dutch, what language was influenced by the high german sound shift? END
START what dialect of dutch is spoken in drenthe? END
START what's the name of the river that marks a dialect divide in the netherlands? END
START although dutch low saxon is similar to low german, it's synchronically included with which language? END
START which dutch province is only partially comprised of speakers of dutch low saxon? END
START when did cities like diventer and zutphen start becoming more linguistically diverse? END
START what organization researched the use of regional dutch dialects and found their usage declining? END
START what percentage of adults in the netherlands spoke a dialect or regional language in 1995? END
START how many primary school aged children were found to speak a dialect or regional language by 2011? END
START what's the most commonly spoken regional language in the netherlands? END
START in 2011, what percentage of dutch adults spoke frisian? END
START what's the dutch word for "money"? END
START west flemings pronounce the dutch "g" as a voiced glottal frivative, which would be represented by what letter in standard dutch? END
START what other european language has a mute "h" like the west flemings do? END
START what word that means "hero" would a west fleming speaker probably pronounce the same as "geld"? END
START if a west fleming speaker were being extra careful to avoid the silent "h," they might over-correct into what sound? END
START what's the west flemish word for "no"? END
START how would you tell a west flemish speaker "yes"? END
START what piece of a sentence does west flemish match the case of a "yes" or "no" to? END
START would linguistic differences make it difficult or easy to point out someone who moved from a different region of the netherlands? END
START which is easier for a non-native speaker to imitate: grammar rules or sound shifts? END
START what dutch dialect is so distinct that it's often considered a language variant? END
START what kind of governmental boundary does dialect distribution transcend, reflecting medieval divisions? END
START what province is zeelandic flanders in? END
START what area that abuts belgium still has some older people who speak west flemish? END
START along with limburgish, what other dutch dialect is spoken down into a lot of the southern netherlands? END
START what dialect is considered a sister language to dutch? END
START which dutch dialect is so distinct that it's often called a daughter language? END
START afrikaans is mostly derived from the dutch spoken in what century? END
START the dutch influence on afrikaans was seasoned with languages from what country? END
START what two-word phrase describes the relationship whereby dutch and afrikaans speakers can understand each other? END
START what percentage of people in belgium speak dutch? END
START what country in europe has the highest percentage of dutch speakers? END
START what region in france is experiencing dutch language death? END
START what's the name of the institution that ensures dutch is monocentric? END
START how many different major dialects of dutch are there? END
START what town in germany has always had mostly dutch speakers? END
START about how many people around calais, france speak dutch every day? END
START it took until the end of what century for people in french cities like gravelines to finally switch over to french from dutch? END
START which church often preached in flemish prior to world war i? END
START in what area of france is calais located? END
START in what country other than france did dutch lose most of it usage in the 19th century? END
START in france and germany, what languages will often be substituted by native speakers of dutch dialects? END
START in what segment of the population is the decline in usage of dutch most prominent? END
START other than france, what country does not give dutch legal status as a language? END
START what language did france and prussia ban from use in education in the late 19th century? END
START about how many students in belgium are studying dutch? END
START how many primary school students are learning dutch in nord-pas-de-calais? END
START what country has the most universities offering courses in neerlandistiek? END
START how many universities in france offer neerlandistiek courses? END
START besides north rhine-westphalia, which german state has the most pupils of dutch? END
START for how long have there been dutch speakers in indonesia? END
START in what profession is dutch often required in the dutch east indies? END
START what institution in jakarta still teaches dutch? END
START about how many pupils in all of indonesia study dutch as part of their coursework? END
START in addition to students pursuing law degrees, what other course of study often includes dutch? END
START towards the end of what century did it become important for more people in dutch colonies to speak dutch? END
START what vip segment of the population in dutch colonies learned dutch to participate in business and government? END
START what was the dutch government afraid of doing if they taught their colonies dutch? END
START leaders wanted to hang onto knowledge of the dutch language because it's the language of what? END
START what became the official language of indonesia after they declared their independence? END
START what's the indonesian word for "office"?  END
START what term describes the literally translated indonesian versions of dutch terms that have become standard? END
START what dutch word for a hospital was calqued into the indonesian "rumah sakit"? END
START what is the indonesian calque for the dutch word that literally translates as "animal garden"? END
START about what percentage of residents of suriname speak dutch? END
START what language would you hear teachers speak if you attended school in suriname? END
START when did suriname officially become independent from the netherlands? END
START what year did suriname join the dutch language union? END
START what's the common language that around 20% of suriname's people speak? END
START what's the year that jersey dutch was last spoken, according to records? END
START what dutch-based language popped up in the area of albany, new york? END
START what's a more accurate name for pennsylvania dutch since it's not a dutch dialect? END
START which dutch dialect was once spoken in the u.s. virgin islands? END
START in what country were the berbice and skepi dialects spoken? END
START in what decade did european dutch yield to the local dialect in south africa? END
START at the high end, what percentage of afrikaans words come from dutch? END
START what south african document from 1983 doesn't list dutch as an official language? END
START what section of the constitution was changed by act 8 of 1925 to include afrikaans with dutch? END
START what pressure influenced the shift in south africa from the use of european dutch in the 1920s? END
START who has a more difficult time understanding the other's language: dutch speakers or afrikaans speakers? END
START is afrikaans more or less complex compared to dutch? END
START what's the dutch word for "bird"? END
START what is the afrikaans word for "rain"? END
START is it difficult or easy to estimate the number of students in south africa who study dutch? END
START approximately what percentage of south africans are native afrikaans speakers? END
START which country has 11% of households who speak afrikaans? END
START how many of the south africans surveyed in 1996 said they speak at least a little afrikaans? END
START about how many south africans speak afrikaans as their primary language? END
START approximately how many people in the world speak dutch as a second language? END
START what sound does dutch still use from proto-germanic that was phased out in other germanic languages? END
START along with english, what pronunciation shift did dutch not undergo? END
START how are obstruents pronounced at the end of dutch words? END
START how would you say "good" in dutch? END
START what language other than dutch also employs final-obstruent devoicing? END
START is the voicing of pre-vocalic initial voiceless alveolar fricatives more common in dutch or german? END
START does the development of /ft/ to /xt/ occur more in low german or dutch? END
START what number word is spelled the same in english and low german? END
START what's the german word for "seven"? END
START although spelled differently, the first consonant of what dutch word for "seven" is pronounced the same as its german counterpart? END
START what quality of dutch vowels isn't usually recognized as distinctive? END
START is it true or false that older dutch words combine changes in vowel length and vowel quality? END
START how would you say "sons" in dutch? END
START since vowel quality changes might be very slight between dialects, what's the main vowel feature used to differentiate them? END
START what does the dutch word "kroes" mean in english? END
START what letter represents the sound native english speakers often use for dutch names with "ij" or "ei" in them? END
START how many unique phenomes are usually attributed to dutch? END
START what's the term we use for the type of sound made for two vowels in words like the dutch "goud" or "zout"? END
START what pronunciation did the older dutch ol/ul/al + dental evolve into? END
START what linguistic event in english could we parallel with the dutch lowering of diphthongs? END
START in what decade did the dutch diphthong lowering occur? END
START the lowering of diphthongs is intriguing partly because it's associated with what single gender? END
START what researcher posited that the lowering of diphthongs is "natural"? END
START which language, in addition to german, did stroop use to compare dutch with when stating that the diphthongs "should" have lowered? END
START what word did stroop use to describe the static stage of diphthong pronunciation? END
START what classes in the 16th century sneered at the pronunciation of dutch by rural people? END
START what distinct kind of british english does stroop say has a similar function to polder dutch? END
START what phenomenon of dutch pronunciation was brought about by the attitudes of the elite in the 16th century? END
START what specific type of diphthongs were the less educated dutch speakers in the countryside using in the 16th century? END
START how many genders does standard dutch use for both natural and grammatical gender? END
START what gender does the majority of non-belgian dutch speakers use instead of the masculine and feminine? END
START apart from the common gender in non-belgian dutch, what other gender do speakers use? END
START the common/neuter system used in dutch is a lot like the system used in what other language category? END
START in its simplified inflectional grammar, what language is dutch similar to? END
START what's the dutch word for "my"? END
START over what span of time have the rules for written dutch become less complicated? END
START what part of speech does dutch mostly use cases for? END
START which parts of speech aren't normally case-specific in dutch? END
START in what century long before dutch did most west germanic dialects probably lose case inflection? END
START what case no longer used in dutch is still present in german phrases like "der herr des hauses"? END
START how would you say "the man of the house" in dutch? END
START what word described standalone expressions that retain some outdated convention as an exception? END
START which word in the phrase "het jaar des heren" is a weak noun with a genitive ending added? END
START in what type of dutch clause does the subject usually follow the conjugated verb? END
START what's the english type equivalent for the dutch word order that is an interrogative pronoun/expression, then a verb followed by a subject? END
START what type of clause has the same word order in dutch as a tag question? END
START what never changes in a subordinate clause in dutch? END
START what is the literal translation of the dutch phrase, "kun jij je pen niet vinden?" END
START what word do dutch speakers use for what we call a "shotgun marriage"? END
START in dutch, what part of speech does an adjective with a diminutive ending become? END
START when the diminutive ending "-tjes" is added to the adverb "even," as what part of speech does it function? END
START what's the dutch word for "green"? END
START with the diminutive ending "-tje" added to the dutch word for "green," what does the new formation translate to in english? END
START which diminutive of "bloem" means a "bouquet"? END
START what's the dutch word for "seahorse" that has no non-diminutive form? END
START what dutch word did their word for "girl" come from that has a totally different meaning? END
START what's the dutch word for the items like shirts and pants that you wear that only exists in a plural form? END
START sometimes uncountable nouns in dutch get a diminutive ending to make them refer to what, like an ice cream cone? END
START what language besides dutch uses the dative case instead of the accusative for pronouns? END
START in the lone exception to the dative case, which pronoun is prescribed for the third person plural direct object? END
START when did the grammarians first draw the line between third person plural pronouns for dutch? END
START since most dutch speakers don't bother with the hen/hun rule, which of the two most often gets used? END
START when speakers get confused about whether to use hen or hun, what interchangeable unstressed form would they probably use? END
START how would a dutch speaker say "doghouse"? END
START is dutch like or unlike english in its treatment of compound nouns? END
START "tree house," which is two words in english, would be what single word in dutch? END
START what language is like dutch in allowing compounds to be any length? END
START in english, what usually separates newer compound nouns written in open form? END
START what percentage of loanwords are present in dutch vocabulary? END
START what language has exerted the most influence on dutch vocabulary since the 12th century? END
START what language does dutch get its second highest percentage of loanwords from? END
START together, what percentage of dutch loanwords comes from high and low german? END
START in the loanword sharing between dutch and english, which language got the higher percentage of loanwords? END
START how many extra characters does dutch have in addition to the standard alphabet? END
START what's the name for the additional character dutch uses? END
START because dutch has many vowel sounds and compound words, what occurs frequently in dutch spelling? END
START what is an example of a dutch word that has double vowels or consonants five times in a row? END
START what's the name for the type of accent that dutch used to mark the difference between the word for "a" or "an" and the word for "one"? END
START what was buckingham palace orginally known as? END
START who was buckingham palace was originally built for? END
START which king acquired the buckingham house in 1761? END
START what was buckingham house known as when queen charlotte resided there? END
START which two architects were commissioned to enlarge buckingham in the 19th century? END
START for whom was buckingham house originally built? END
START who enlarged the house in the 19th century? END
START when did the palace become the london residence for the monarchs? END
START what is buckingham palace currently known as? END
START who was buckingham palace originally built to oppose? END
START which king acquired the buckingham house in 1751? END
START what was buckingham house known as when queen charlotte died there? END
START which two architects were commissioned to enlarge buckingham in the 17th century? END
START what colors were added in the partial redecoration overseen by king edward vii? END
START what original colors from the 19th century were used on the advice of sir charles long? END
START how many rooms does the palace have? END
START in which style are many of the smaller reception rooms furnished in? END
START what house were many of the furniture and fittings brought from? END
START who suggested the use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis? END
START who oversaw the redecoration that used a belle poque cream and gold colour scheme? END
START smaller reception rooms are decorated in which style? END
START furniture and fittings were brought over from which house? END
START what colors were removed in the partial redecoration overseen by king edward vii? END
START what original colors from the 18th century were used on the advice of sir charles long? END
START how many rooms does the palace have closed off? END
START which style are none of the reception rooms furnished in? END
START what house were many of the furniture and fittings lost from? END
START which river runs underneath the palace? END
START the site of the palace was once owned by which queen consort in the late saxon times? END
START who did william the conqueror give the site of the palace to? END
START the site was passed to monks from which abbey? END
START the site of the palace formed part of which manor in the middles ages? END
START what was the name of the village that grew at cow ford? END
START who gave the site to the monks of westminster? END
START what was the name of the manor that previously existed on the site? END
START which river runs above the palace? END
START which queen consort in the late saxon times once rented the site of the palace? END
START who did william the conqueror buy the site of the palace from? END
START which abbey refused to have the site passed to the monks? END
START what was the name of the village that burned at cow ford? END
START which property tycoon inherited the property in the late 17th century? END
START which village had fallen into decay? END
START who established a mulberry garden on the property? END
START what product did the mulberry garden produce? END
START who suggests that the mulberry garden is likely a place for debauchery? END
START what about the palace was subject to speculation in the 17th century? END
START which village had fallen into decay but the 17th century? END
START who sold off part of the crown freehold? END
START what type of garden did james i create? END
START what did the mulberry garden produce? END
START which property tycoon inherited the property in the late 19th century? END
START which village had become overpopulated? END
START who destroyed a mulberry garden on the property? END
START what product did the mulberry garden avoid? END
START what about the palace was subject to speculation in the 15th century? END
START who built the first house on the site? END
START which owner developed much of the garden still seen today? END
START what was lord goring's garden known as? END
START under which king did the royal family regain the freehold title of the property?  END
START which king failed to execute goring's freehold document before fleeing to london? END
START who owned the first house built on the site? END
START who developed what is much of today's garden at buckingham? END
START what was the name of lord goring garden? END
START which king fled to london leaving allowing the royal family to keep it's freehold on the property? END
START who demolished the first house on the site? END
START which owner developed none of the garden still seen today? END
START what was lord goring's garden mistakenly known as? END
START which king executed goring's freehold document before staying in london? END
START who removed the last house built on the site? END
START in what year did william winde design the house which forms the core of the palace? END
START who sold buckingham house in 1761? END
START how much did george iii pay for the house? END
START in what year was the leasehold of the mulberry site due to expire? END
START how many flanking service wings did the original buckingham house have? END
START the house which is the core of buckingham was first built for who? END
START who designed the house for the duke of buckingham? END
START how many flanking service wings did buckingham house have? END
START who bought buckingham house in 1761? END
START how much did george iii pay for buckingham house?  END
START what year did william winde burn the house which forms the core of the palace? END
START who sold buckingham house in 1741? END
START how much did george ii pay for the house? END
START how many flanking service wings did the original buckingham house remove? END
START who bought buckingham house in 1781? END
START what did king george iv originally want the structure to be? END
START king william thought about converting the palace into what after a fire destroyed the palace of westminster in 1834? END
START which architect helped modify the house into a palace? END
START in what year was nash removed as architect? END
START who was hired in 1830 to finish the work on the palace? END
START what year did remodeling of buckingham house begin? END
START what was george iv's original plan for the house?  END
START what year did the king decide to make it into a palace? END
START who was the main architect that transformed the house into the palace? END
START who did king william iv hired to finish the work after nash was fired? END
START what did king george iv originally make the structure to be? END
START which architect helped modify the palace into a house? END
START what year was nash promoted as architect? END
START who was fired in 1830 to finish the work on the palace? END
START what year did remodeling of buckingham house become banned? END
START who was the first monarch to reside at buckingham palace? END
START who died before the palace was completed? END
START buckingham became a principle residence for the royal family in which year? END
START what was the problem with chimneys in the palace? END
START at the end of which year were most of the design problems of the palace rectified under prince albert? END
START when did buckingham officially become the principle royal residence? END
START who was the first monarch to reside there? END
START who died before seeing buckingham palace's completion? END
START what was the problem with the palace's chimneys? END
START who dealt with the design faults of the palace? END
START who was the only monarch to reside at buckingham palace? END
START who died right as the palace was completed? END
START what was the best thing about chimneys in the palace? END
START when did buckingham officially become the only royal residence? END
START who was the worst monarch to reside there? END
START who designed the new wing for the palace in 1847? END
START the new wing was built by whom? END
START what is the east front of the palace known as? END
START the east front contains what famous feature? END
START who was the student of nash that designed the ballroom wing? END
START who designed a new wing for queen victoria and prince albert when they felt they needed more space? END
START who built the new wing? END
START what is considered the public face of the palace? END
START what other wing was built during this time? END
START which of nash's students designed the ballroom? END
START who designed the blue wing for the palace in 1837? END
START what is the west front of the palace described as? END
START who was the teacher of nash that destroyed the ballroom wing? END
START what is considered the private nose of the palace? END
START what other wing was removed during this time? END
START the palace frequently hosted which type of events prior to the death of prince albert? END
START which composer played at buckingham on three occasions? END
START which piece of music by johann strauss was first performed at buckingham in honor of princess alice? END
START queen victoria hosted which type of balls? END
START before prince albert died what sort of entertainment was held at buckingham? END
START which composer played there on three occasions? END
START who performed alice polka in honor of princess alice? END
START what type of balls did queen victoria hold? END
START which type of events prior to the death of prince albert were never hosted by the palace? END
START which composer played at buckingham on eight occasions? END
START who performed alice polka in opposition of princess alice? END
START what type of balls did queen victoria avoid? END
START what sort of entertainment was banned at buckingham before prince albert died? END
START when year did prince albert die? END
START what forced the queen to return to london? END
START what was the fate of buckingham after the left? END
START where were court functions held upon the queens return to london? END
START when did prince albert die? END
START what did queen victoria do in response to his death? END
START which house did queen victoria stay at after she left buckingham? END
START what happened to buckingham after queen victoria left? END
START where did queen victoria hold court functions during this time? END
START when year did prince albert resurrect? END
START what forced the queen to leave london forever? END
START where were court functions held upon the queens exile from london? END
START what did queen victoria do in response to prince albert's birth? END
START how many principle bedrooms does the palace have? END
START how many bathrooms are there? END
START a large bow is a large feature of the facade in which stateroom? END
START how long is the picture gallery in yards? END
START which rooms has large white marble statues of prince albert and queen victoria? END
START what is the floor space of the palace? END
START how many staterooms does the palace have? END
START how many bathrooms does the palace have? END
START how many offices does the palace have? END
START how many principle bedrooms does the palace spy on? END
START how many bathrooms are made from gold there? END
START which stateroom has a small bow as a feature of the facade? END
START how long is the picture gallery in miles? END
START how many offices in the palace have closed indefinitely? END
START which rooms are used for less formal entertaining such as luncheons or private audiences? END
START which room is named for visit of tsar nicolas i of russia? END
START the 1855 room is name for which european emperor? END
START guests attending the queen's garden parties will mostly likely see which room? END
START where are the suites located that the queen and prince phillip use? END
START what is the name of the slightly less luxurious staterooms located underneath the state apartments? END
START what type of entertaining are the semi-state apartments used for? END
START who is the 1844 room named after? END
START who is the 1855 room named after? END
START where are the queen and prince phillip's apartments located? END
START which rooms are used for more formal entertaining such as luncheons or public audiences? END
START which room does not allow visits by tsar nicolas i of russia? END
START which european chef is the 1845 room named after? END
START where are the suites located that the king and prince phillip use? END
START who is the 1744 room named after? END
START where did many of the fittings for the new east wing come from? END
START when was the new east wing built? END
START what is the theme for the new east wing? END
START the red and blue chinese luncheon room has what as a main feature? END
START who designed the chimney piece in the yellow drawing room? END
START what was blore building between 1847 and 1850? END
START many rooms in the new east wing are in what style? END
START parts of the brighton banqueting and music rooms from brighton pavilion make up which buckingham room? END
START where did none of the fittings for the new west wing come from? END
START when was the new east wing destroyed? END
START what theme is forbidden in the new east wing? END
START who removed the chimney piece in the yellow drawing room? END
START what style are in none of the rooms in the new east wing? END
START which room has the famous balcony used by the royals? END
START what is the main theme of the centre room? END
START which queen enhanced the chinese theme of the centre room in the 1920s? END
START the lacquer doors in the centre room were brought from brighton in which year? END
START the principle corridor features which type of doors? END
START which room feature the famous balcony? END
START which designer did queen mary work with to enhance the centre room? END
START the principle corridor has which type of doors? END
START what year were the lacquer doors brought from brighton? END
START which room has the infamous balcony forbidden by the royals? END
START what is the secondary theme of the centre room? END
START which queen ruined the chinese theme of the centre room in the 1930s? END
START which room avoids the famous balcony? END
START which designer did queen mary fire to enhance the centre room? END
START where do foreign heads of stay usually stay in buckingham palace? END
START what floor are the belgian suites located? END
START the belgian suite is located at the foot of which staircase? END
START how are the rooms of the belgian suites linked? END
START what is the style of the saucer domes in the belgian suite? END
START where do foreign heads of stay at buckingham palace? END
START the belgian suite is located at the bottom of which staircase? END
START on which floor is the belgian suite located? END
START how are the rooms in the belgian suite connected? END
START the saucer domes are in whose style? END
START where do foreign heads of stay usually avoid in buckingham palace? END
START what floor are the belgian suites burned? END
START how are the rooms of the belgian suites separated? END
START where do foreign heads paint at buckingham palace? END
START which floor is the belgian suite restricted? END
START aside from being the home of the monarchy and a tourist attraction, what else is buckingham palace known for? END
START who made the palaces gilded railings and gates? END
START buckingham palace is also the london residence for which duke? END
START who is buckingham palace home to? END
START who completed the palaces gilded railing and gates? END
START in what year were the railings and gates completed? END
START how many people work at buckingham palace? END
START who stole the palaces gilded railings and gates? END
START how many people were fired from buckingham palace? END
START who is buckingham palace restricted from? END
START what year were the railings and gates stolen? END
START which duke is not allowed at buckingham palace? END
START buckingham palace is actually owned by whom? END
START where can the public view items from the royal collection? END
START what was located on the site that is now the queen's gallery? END
START what part of the palace has been open to the public every august and september and other select dates since 1993? END
START who owns buckingham palace and windsor castle? END
START where can the public view the royal collection? END
START since when have the palaces rooms been opened to the public? END
START how many people visited the palace in the 2014.2015 fiscal year? END
START who has never owned buckingham palace? END
START where is the public not allowed to view items from the royal collection? END
START what was located on the site that is now the king's gallery? END
START what part of the palace has been open to the public every august and july and other select dates since 1991? END
START how many people were missing from the palace in the 2014-2015 fiscal year? END
START what is the official dress code today at buckingham palace? END
START which queen tried and failed to raise the hemline of her dress after wwi? END
START which king was horrified to see the queen's hemline raised a few inches? END
START the hemline of daytime skirts were allowed to rise after which year? END
START the knee breeches men formerly wore to the palace were of what era's design? END
START from what century were men's knee breeches worn at buckingham designed in? END
START what were women obliged to wear in their hair? END
START which queen wanted to shorten her skirt's hemline? END
START which king was horrified to see the raised hemline on the queen? END
START what is the dress code today at buckingham? END
START what were women required to wear in their socks? END
START which queen raised the hemline of her dress after wwi? END
START which king was amused to see the queen's hemline raised a few inches? END
START what century were men's knee breeches forbidden at buckingham? END
START which queen wanted to extend her skirt's hemline? END
START under whose reign did court presentations of young aristocratic ladies take place? END
START what was the name for the ceremony where debutantes had their first introduction into society? END
START debutantes wore the feather of which bird in their hair? END
START after wwii "coming out" ceremonies were replaces with what event? END
START under whose reign were young debutantes presented to society at court? END
START what types of feathers did debutantes wear in their hair? END
START what was the occasion where debutantes were presented to society called? END
START after wwii what was the coming out ceremony replaced with? END
START whose reign did not include court presentations of young aristocratic ladies? END
START what was the name for the sacrifice where debutantes had their last introduction into society? END
START what bird's feathers did debutantes wear in their shirt? END
START what was the occasion where debutantes were exiled from society called? END
START what was the coming out ceremony replaced with during wwii? END
START where do investitures take place? END
START what year was the ballroom built? END
START which room has the ballroom replaced in terms of both use and importance? END
START what does the queen stand on during investitures? END
START knighthood is given by being dubbed with what object? END
START what is the largest room in the palace? END
START the ballroom replaced which other room in terms of importance and use? END
START where do investitures never take place? END
START what year was the ballroom blown up? END
START which room has the ballroom never changed in terms of both use and importance? END
START what is the smallest room in the palace? END
START what does the queen sit on during investitures? END
START where do state banquets take place? END
START in what month does the queen entertain the diplomatic corps? END
START what is used to set the dining table for formal dinners? END
START when was the grand service made? END
START for whom was the grand service made? END
START where do state banquets take place? END
START when are state banquets held? END
START what is the dining table laid with for state banquets? END
START who was the grand service originally made for? END
START where are state banquets forbidden? END
START what month does the queen promote the diplomatic corps? END
START what is used to set the dining table for casual dinners? END
START when was the grand service removed? END
START when are state banquets avoided? END
START where is the gold state coach housed? END
START when was the gold state coach first used? END
START the royal mews houses which type of animal? END
START who designed the royal mews? END
START where is the gold state coach kept? END
START who designed the gold state coach? END
START in what year was the gold state coach first used? END
START what animals are kept in the mews? END
START who destroyed the royal mews? END
START where is the silver state coach housed? END
START who knows nothing about the gold state coach? END
START when was the gold state coach last used? END
START what animals are forbidden in the mews? END
START in what year did edward vii ascend to the throne? END
START kind edward vii and queen alexandra's friends were know as what? END
START some thought that king edward vii's redecoration choices were at odds with whose prior work? END
START which king commissioned massive redecoration in the belle epoque cream and gold color scheme? END
START what were the group of friends of king edward vii and queen alexandra called? END
START what was at odds with nash's original work in the palace? END
START when did king edward vii take the throne? END
START what colors were used in the redecorations overseen by king edward vii? END
START what year did edward vii decline to ascend to the throne? END
START which king commissioned minor redecoration in the belle epoque cream and silver color scheme? END
START what were the group of people that king edward vii and queen alexandra avoided called? END
START what supported nash's original work in the palace? END
START what colors were avoided in the redecorations overseen by king edward vi? END
START under whose reign did the last major building works take place? END
START the principle facade of the east front is made from what type of stone? END
START which king preferred official entertaining and royal duties to lavish parties? END
START who added and restored furniture to the royal collection? END
START who was responsible for decorating the blue drawing room? END
START who redesigned blore's 1850 east front? END
START the refaced facade was made from what type of stone? END
START which king placed more emphasis on official entertaining and royal duties instead of lavish parties? END
START what collection did queen mary take an interest in by adding and restoring pieces? END
START who decorated the blue drawing room? END
START whose reign never had a major building works take place? END
START which king avoided official entertaining and royal duties in favor of lavish parties? END
START who removed and ruined furniture in the royal collection? END
START who redesigned blore's 1820 west front? END
START who burned the green drawing room? END
START who lived at buckingham palace during wwi? END
START where were valuable items from buckingham palace taken during wwi? END
START the king refrained from doing what during the war? END
START in what year was the north-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool? END
START who persuaded the king to lock the wine cellars during wwi? END
START buckingham palace was untouched during which war? END
START where were valuables evacuated to during the war? END
START what did the king give up during the war? END
START who convinced the king to lock the wine cellars? END
START what was the north-west pavilion converted into in 1938? END
START who died at buckingham palace during wwi? END
START where were worthless items from buckingham palace taken after wwi? END
START what did the king increase consumption of during the war? END
START what year was the south-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool? END
START who persuaded the queen to unlock the wine cellars during wwi? END
START how many times was the palace bombed in wwii? END
START what was destroyed in 1940? END
START which monarchs were in residence at buckingham palace during wwii? END
START the bombing of buckingham palace showed what to the public? END
START what was destroyed in one of the bombing that hit the palace in wwii? END
START the king and queen were filmed doing what after a bombing? END
START the royal family was seen as sharing what with their subjects after the bombings? END
START how many times was the palace remodeled in wwii? END
START what was upgraded in 1940? END
START which monarchs were missing from buckingham palace during wwii? END
START what did the royal family never share with their subjects after the bombings? END
START what was hidden from the public as a result of the bombing of buckingham palace? END
START what is the date of the battle of britain day? END
START what did ray holmes think the german pilot was going to bomb? END
START what type of airplane was the german craft holmes rammed into? END
START after the war what did holmes become? END
START what year did ray holmes die? END
START what is september 15, 1940 known as? END
START what did ray holmes believe the german pilot was targeting? END
START what did holmes do to stop the german plane? END
START what type of aircraft was the german plane? END
START when did holmes die? END
START what is the date of the celebration of britain day? END
START what did ray holmes think the german pilot was going to restore? END
START what type of airplane was the german craft holmes avoiding? END
START what did holmes become during the war? END
START what year did ray holmes give birth? END
START what type of energy makes an incandescent light bulb glow? END
START which part of the incandescent light bulb is heated? END
START what part of a halogen light bulb supplies electric current? END
START what provides the electricity to most light bulbs? END
START which type of light bulb uses inert gas? END
START what type of light has a wire filament heated to a low temperature? END
START what does not have electric current running through a wire filament? END
START what part of a halogen light bulb does not supply electric current? END
START what does not provide electricity to most light bulbs? END
START are incandescent bulbs more or less efficient than most electric lighting? END
START what percentage of energy does a standard light bulb actually convert to visible light? END
START which is more efficient: compact fluorescent or led lights? END
START how long does a typical incandescent light bulb last? END
START what happens to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not convert into light? END
START what are more efficient than most other types of electric lighting? END
START what percentage of energy is not actually converted to visible light in a standard light bulb? END
START what percentage of energy is not actually converted to visible light in an incadescent light bulb? END
START what type of bulb typically has a long life span? END
START what does not happen to the energy that an incandescent bulb does not covert into light? END
START what law did australia make about incandescent light bulbs? END
START how is the united states treating incandescent light bulbs? END
START what does the acronym ccfl refer to? END
START what does the acronym cfl refer to? END
START what does the acronym led refer to? END
START what type of bulb has not been replaced in many application by other types of electric light? END
START how is india treating incandescent light bulbs? END
START what does the acronym ccfl not refer to? END
START what does the acronym led not refer to? END
START what does the acronym cfl not refer to? END
START who patented an incandescent light bulb in russia in 1874? END
START what did lodygin use as a burner in his lamp? END
START in what year did lodygin demonstrate a lamp at the world's fair? END
START what did lodygin change his name to after moving to the usa? END
START when did lodygin invent his first lamp? END
START who did not patent an incandescent light bulb in 1872? END
START who did not demonstrate at the world fair in 1900 in paris? END
START when did anxander lodygin change his name? END
START who invented his first lamp in the 1700's? END
START what did lodygin not use as a burner in his lamp? END
START where did joseph swan demonstrate his lamp in january 1879? END
START which vacuum pump expert helped swan invent his lamp? END
START why was swan's first lamp not commercially viable? END
START when did swan receive a patent for parchmentised thread? END
START what was the first public building to install electric lighting? END
START who did not help swan in 1878? END
START what method did swan not develop in 1878? END
START what was not shown at a meeting of the newcastle chemistry society? END
START what was shown to an audience of 800 who attended a meeting of the literary and philosophical society of newcastle? END
START why was swan's first lamp commercially viable? END
START when did edison begin research into incandescent lighting? END
START with what material did edison make his first filament? END
START how long did edison's light burn during his first successful test in 1879? END
START what type of wood did edison use in his improved filament? END
START what was the name of the first ship to use edison's lamp? END
START who began research into developing a practical incandescent lamp?  END
START who filed his first patent application in 1890? END
START what did edison turn refuse to use after his experiment with platinum and other metals? END
START what type of material was not used in the us patent for an electric lamp in november 1879? END
START what type of material did edison use that could not last more than 1200 hours? END
START who founded electro-dynamic light company? END
START who was the chief engineer at the united states electric lighting company? END
START where did electro-dynamic light company install its first lights? END
START when did electro-dynamic light company install its first lights? END
START which company was organized first, electro-dynamic light company or united states electric lighting company? END
START who began the electro-dynamic light company in 1890? END
START whose other patents did albon man not exploit? END
START where was the first installation of incandescent lamps in 1890? END
START who was the chief architect at the united states electric lighting company? END
START who did not make their first installation until the spring of 1880? END
START who developed a heat-treating method that allowed carbon filaments to be molded into shapes? END
START when did latimer patent his "process of manufacturing carbons"? END
START which company purchased latimer's patent? END
START who employed latimer when he developed his first patent? END
START who developed an improved method of carbon filaments in 1882? END
START when did edison patent his "process of manufacturing carbons"? END
START what was not an improved method for production of a light bulb? END
START what was not purchased by the united states electric light company? END
START who did not employ latimer when he developed his first patent? END
START which inventors patented the tungsten filament lamp? END
START when did just and hanaman receive their patent for the tungsten filament lamp? END
START which company first marketed the tungsten filament lamp? END
START what type of gas fills a tungsten filament bulb? END
START what is a common alternate name for the tungsten filament bulb in europe? END
START who was not granted a patent fr the tungsten filament lamp? END
START who was granted patent no. 34540? END
START who receive their patent in 1905? END
START what type of gas does not fill a tungsten filament bulb? END
START what is not a common alternate name for the tungsten filament bulb in europe. END
START what does the acronym ler refer to? END
START what is the maximum ler possible? END
START in how many ways can one define luminous efficacy of a light source? END
START what is the definition of radiant luminous efficacy? END
START what does the acronym les refer to? END
START what may be defined in three ways? END
START what does the acronym ler not stand for? END
START what does the acronym les not stand for? END
START what is not the ratio of the visible light flux emitted to the total power input to the source? END
START what is the minimum ler possible? END
START at what temperature does a thermal radiator most efficiently produce light? END
START what is the upper limit for ler of an incandescent lamp? END
START what type of radiation makes up the majority of tungsten filament emissions? END
START what is the flaw in the color of light produced by an incandescent bulb? END
START what is the theoretical ler value of tungsten at its melting point? END
START what appears white to the human eye when it is emitted? END
START what is the lower limit for ler of an incandescent lamp? END
START what does not radiate mostly infrared radiation at temperatures where they remain solid? END
START what is not infrared or ultraviolet? END
START what known material can be used as a filament at 95 lumens per watt? END
START what is the purpose of white-balancing? END
START of incandescent lights, fluorescent lights and leds, which has the best color-rendering performance? END
START what is the color rendering index of an incandescent light? END
START why do incandescent lights have superior color rendering? END
START what is the highest possible color rendering index score? END
START what does not have an advantage in applications where color reproduction is important? END
START what is not the purpose of white-balancing? END
START what can be matched by leds or flourescent lights? END
START whose coloring rendering index is 109? END
START what does not require additional adjustments to reduce green-magenta color casts? END
START do fluorescent lights have a higher or lower luminous efficiency than incandescents? END
START how can luminescent light sources be modified to resemble the appearance of incandescents? END
START why are luminescent light sources not ideal for photography? END
START which lights have lower luminous efficiency? END
START which devices do not produce light by luminescence? END
START what lamps produce prominent spectral lines and have a broad "tail" of visible infrared emissions? END
START why are luminescent light sources ideal for photography? END
START do incandescent lights emit more, less, or the same amount of light as they age? END
START what appliance requires more energy due to the use of incandescent lighting? END
START do incandescent lights have a longer or shorter life than other lighting sources? END
START what are some factors to consider in calculating operating costs of lighting? END
START what is more cost-effective, heat from incandescent bulbs or heat from a building's heating system? END
START whose initial cost is large compared to the cost of the energy it uses over its lifetime? END
START whose light emits more light as they age? END
START what type of light has a longer life span than other sources? END
START what type of lighting system is less efficient over the course of a year? END
START do incandescent light bulbs use more or less energy as compared to cfls and led lamps? END
START how much does the incandescent light ban in europe contribute to the economy each year? END
START how much energy does the incandescent light ban in europe save each year? END
START how much co2 emissions does the incandescent light ban in europe save each year? END
START how are laws written that bring about a ban of incandescent light bulbs? END
START what type of light bulbs use less energy than alternatives? END
START what type of light source has  had measures introduced for the continued use of? END
START how much does the incandescent light ban in asia contribute to the economy each year? END
START how much co2 emissions does the incandescent light ban in asia save each year? END
START how are laws written that bring about the continued use of incandescent light bulbs? END
START is the environmental performance of cfls better or worse than that of incandescents? END
START which type of light bulbs is considered most cost effective and robust? END
START what are some objections to banning incandescent bulbs? END
START what substance in cfl bulbs raises health concerns? END
START do cfls consume more, less, or the same amount of energy as incandescent bulbs? END
START what does not contain mercury? END
START what type of light consumes much more energy and therefore strongly reduce the environmental impact of power production? END
START what does cfls's have that cause people health concerns? END
START what is regarded as the worst solution in terms of cost effectiveness and robustness? END
START which company introduced hybrid incandescent bulbs? END
START how much more efficient are halogena energy saver bulbs compared to incandescents? END
START what company first marketed light bulbs using the reflective capsule technique to increase energy efficiency? END
START what is the theoretical maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs? END
START what is the maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs as tested in labs? END
START which company did not introduce hybrid incandescent bulbs?  END
START what did not prompt philips to introduce the hybrid incandescent bulbs?  END
START what can produce about 25 im/w? END
START what is 40% less efficient than traditional incandescent? END
START which concept was not pioneered by duro-test in 1980? END
START what is the name of the air-tight glass enclosure in an incandescent bulb? END
START what is the filament made of? END
START how many conductors are present in the bulb's base? END
START what prevents air or gas leaks from a light bulb? END
START what function do small wires in a light bulb's stem perform? END
START what consists of a non-air-tight glass enclosure? END
START what is the filament not made of? END
START what allows air or gas leaks in the bulb's base? END
START what does not support the filament and its lead wires? END
START what has four conductors that provide electrical connections to the filament? END
START what is the powdery substance in coated glass light bulbs? END
START how is kaolin placed inside a light bulb? END
START what is the effect of a kaolin coating on the light cast? END
START how are christmas colored light bulbs created? END
START how does kaolin create a more gentle light? END
START what type of glass does a light bulb not have? END
START what does not coat the glass bulb? END
START what is a black, chalky clay on the inside of a glass bulb? END
START what does not produce a gentle ans evenly distributed light? END
START what is sometimes used to provide a more artificial appearing light? END
START what is the name for a base with one or more contacts at the tip and one at the shell? END
START what is the name for a lamp base with one or more contacts on the base and a shell used as a contact or used only as a mechanical support? END
START what is the purpose of contacts in the lamp socket? END
START what is the range of power ratings for incandescent bulbs? END
START which types of lamps use screw terminals for connection to wires? END
START what type of base do large lamps not have? END
START what base is not used for mechanical support? END
START what type of base does a miniature lamp may not have? END
START what does not allow the electric current to pass through the base to the filament? END
START whose power ratings range from about .0001 to .01? END
START what is a potential problem with the use of gas in a light bulb? END
START what are the ideal chemical properties for the gas in a light bulb? END
START what is the purpose of the gas in a light bulb? END
START how do gases prevent evaporation of the filament? END
START whose role is to allow evaporation of the filament? END
START what type of properties are not ideal for gas in a light bulb? END
START what does not knock the liberated tungsten atoms back to the filament? END
START what introduces heat gain from the filament? END
START what type of machine manufactures glass light bulbs. END
START how many bulbs does the average ribbon machine produce per hour? END
START how is the filament attached to the bulb? END
START how is the evacuation tube sealed? END
START what blows the glass bulbs into their characteristic shape? END
START what type of machine is not used in manufacturing light bulbs? END
START what is not passed along a conveyor belt when making bulbs? END
START what is cooled in a furnace and blown by aligned air nozzles though holes in the conveyor belt? END
START what is not sealed by a flame? END
START what material were the first light bulb filaments made from? END
START what was the primary problem with early carbon filaments? END
START what were the positive effects of the flashing process? END
START what properties of graphite improved the filament? END
START what are the effects of giving the filament a positive temperature coefficient? END
START what were the first failed light bulb filaments made from? END
START what had a positive temperature coefficient of resistence? END
START what was not a problem for early carbon filaments? END
START what were negative effects of the flashing process? END
START what did not further strengthen and did not smooth the filament? END
START what company invented the tantalum light filament? END
START in what year was the tantalum light filament invented? END
START what were the major advantages of the tantalum light filament? END
START who purchased the rights to the tantalum light filament from siemens? END
START when did ge cease production of the tantalum light filament? END
START who developed the tantalum light filament in 1905? END
START what lamps were less efficient than even graphitized carbon filaments? END
START what had a higher resistivity than carbon? END
START who bought the rights to use tantalum filaments and produce then in canada in 1913? END
START what were the minor advantages of the tantalum light filament from siemens? END
START when was the tungsten filament introduced? END
START what was the problem with manufacturing the tungsten filament? END
START who developed the ductile form of tungsten? END
START when was the ductile form of tungsten invented? END
START what other materials were combined with tungsten? END
START what was introduced in 1900? END
START what was initially available in a form that allowed it to drawn into fine wires? END
START what made filaments quite strong? END
START who did not develop the ductile form of tungsten? END
START where was william d. coolidge employed in 1902? END
START how long is a typical uncoiled tungsten filament for a 60-watt bulb? END
START what is the advantage of a coiled-coil filament over a straight filament? END
START what positive effects does a slower-evaporating filament enable? END
START what is the typical diameter of the filament on a 60-watt bulb? END
START what did not improve efficiency of the lamp? END
START how long is a typical uncoiled tungsten filament for a 40-watt bulb? END
START what are the disadvantage of the coiled coil vs a straight filament? END
START what negative effects does a slower evaporating filament cause? END
START what is the negative effect of "hot spots" forming on the filament? END
START who discovered that inert gas could slow evaporation? END
START which gases are typically used in a light bulb? END
START which type of alloys can decrease "stairstep" irregularities in light bulb filaments? END
START what is an advantage of the standard electric light bulb? END
START what do large variations in resistivity along the filament cause? END
START what evaporates slower than the rest of the filament? END
START what did irving langmuir find that would increase evaporation? END
START which gases are not typically used in a light bulb? END
START why does inert gas reduce efficiency? END
START what affects the thermal conductivity of a gas? END
START how does the molecular weight of a gas relate to thermal conductivity? END
START why is xenon gas not more widely used? END
START what is the advantage of using inert gas in a light bulb? END
START what does not reduce filament evaporation? END
START what conducts heat and heats the filament? END
START what does not affect the thermal conductivity of a gas? END
START why is xenon gas widely used? END
START what is a disadvantage of using inert gas in a light bulb? END
START what determines how fast a tungsten filament evaporates? END
START what is the typical goal for the life of a tungsten filament bulb? END
START which types of lamps may have particularly short lives? END
START what is the typical tradeoff in light bulb design? END
START what does not determine how fast a tungsten filament evaporates? END
START what is not a trade-off between efficiency and longevity? END
START what type of bulb typically has a life of 3000 hours? END
START what type of lamp has higher efficiency but are used where the cost is high compared to the value of energy used? END
START what type of lamp has a useful life of a few days? END
START what darkens a conventional bulb over its lifetime? END
START what is the iec guideline for an unacceptable level of light loss? END
START what are the primary causes of light loss? END
START where in the bulb is evaporated tungsten deposited when inert gas is used? END
START where in the bulb is evaporated tungsten deposited when a vacuum is used? END
START what lightens a conventional bulb? END
START what happens when bulbs do not contain a vacuum? END
START what is the iec guidelines for acceptable level of light loss? END
START what does not cause light loss or bulb blackening? END
START how does water vapor inside a light bulb affect lamp darkening? END
START why does water increase lamp darkening? END
START what is an example of a substance that is added to light bulbs to reduce this effect? END
START how much water is necessary to result in this darkening affect? END
START what can insignificantly affect lamp darkening? END
START what is broken into hydrogen and oxygen at the cool filament? END
START why does water decrease lamp darkening? END
START what is added to light bulbs to increase darkening? END
START how much water will significantly decrease darkening? END
START does the halogen bulp increase, reduce, or have no effect on filament evaporation? END
START how does the halogen bulb decrease darkening over time? END
START does a halogen bulb operate at a higher or lower temperature than an incandescent? END
START how does the size of a halogen bulb compare to an incandescent? END
START what is the most common situation when a halogen bulb is used? END
START what type of bulb increases uneven evaporation? END
START how does the halogen bulb increase darkening over time? END
START what type of light can operate at a lower temperature than a standard gas filled lamp? END
START what type of bulbs are much larger than normal incandescent bulbs? END
START where are halogen bulbs not widely used? END
START what did an alternate version of the incandescent lamp substitute for a wire filament? END
START what was a common application for this type of bulb? END
START when was this style of lamp developed? END
START what displaced this style of lamp? END
START what type of lamp used a hot wire filament? END
START what type of lamp did not use an arc struck on a spherical bead electrode? END
START what was not a common use for this type of bulb? END
START what type of lamp typically ran on relatively high voltages? END
START what type of lamp provided a low concentrated light that was harder to operate? END
START what does a power factor of 1 mean? END
START what principally determines the wattage of an incandescent bulb? END
START what determines the resistance of the filament? END
START how close do incandescent lamps come to pure resistive loads? END
START all other things being equal, how does wattage affect light emitted? END
START what type of lamp has a power factor of 2? END
START what does the power factor of 2 mean? END
START how are incandescent light typically not marketed? END
START what does not principally determine the wattage of an incandescent bulb? END
START how does wattage not affect light emitted? END
START what determines the resistance of a filament? END
START what does a "t" rating symbol on an electrical contact mean? END
START how long does it take a typical 100-watt bulb to achieve 90% of its brightness? END
START how does the cold resistance of tungsten filament lamps compare to the hot resistance? END
START what is the resistance of a typical lit 100-watt incandescent bulb? END
START what does not determine the actual resistance of a filament? END
START what does a "t' rating symbol on an electrical contact not mean? END
START how long does it take a typical 60-watt bulb to achieve 90% of its brightness? END
START what is the resistance of a typical lit 60 watt bulb? END
START what do the letters identify in a bulb shape designation? END
START what do the numbers identify in a bulb shape designation? END
START can the name of a certain bulb shape vary? END
START what units are the bulb sizes measured in? END
START what does not come in a range of shapes and sizes? END
START what is not different in some regions? END
START how are incandescent light bulbs not designated? END
START what must the letters not represent on a bulb? END
START what does the number not represent on a bulb? END
START which company introduced standard base sizes for incandescent lamps? END
START in what year were standard base sizes introduced for incandescent lamps? END
START what are some common technical standards for lamp bases? END
START what is the typical base type for automotive lamps? END
START what is the typical base type for halogen lamps? END
START what cannot be directly soldered to a printed circuit board in many very small lamps? END
START what do some reflector-type lamps not include for connection of wires? END
START what was introduces in the late 18th century by manufacturers? END
START who was not the first to introduce standard sizes for incandescent lamps? END
START what year was the mazda trademark rejected? END
START what level of voltage reduction is required to double the life of an incandescent bulb? END
START when did light bulb manufacturers establish a cartel to limit bulb life? END
START when did authorities break up the light bulb cartel? END
START what was the artificially low limit on bulb life placed by the cartel? END
START what is an example of a good application for a long-life bulb? END
START what level f voltage reduction is required to triple the life of an incandescent bulb? END
START what is an unacceptable trade off foe a light bulb in a difficult to access location? END
START what do general service lamps not emphasize over long operating life? END
START what happened to light companies and american manufactures in 1964? END
START when did the "centennial light" begin burning? END
START how much light does the bulb emit? END
START when did the long-lasting bulb in texas begin continuing illumination? END
START where did the texas bulb begin its life? END
START what was not accepted by the guinness book of world records? END
START what started burning in 1801? END
START what was burning almost continuously at a fire station in claremont, california? END
START what year did the long-lasting bulb in new york begin continuing illumination? END
START what was moved to an area art gallery in 1977? END
START at what temperature does a typical 50-hour-life projection bulb operate? END
START which metal has the highest melting point? END
START what is the typical life of a p1 lamp? END
START how does the color temperature differ for photographic lighting? END
START what temperature does a typical 60-hour-life projection bulb operate? END
START what lamp can achieve up to 23 lumens per watt? END
START what metal is used with the lowest melting point? END
START what is the atypical life of a p1 lamp?  END
START how many lumens per watt does a typical 100-watt, 120-volt lamp produce? END
START how does filament size relate to voltage level? END
START what is the effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature? END
START how many lumens per watt does a typical train light produce? END
START what watt lamp can produce 17.3 lumens per watt? END
START how does a filament size not relate to voltage level? END
START what is not effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature? END
START how many lumens per watt does an atypical train light produce? END
START what made power distribution economically viable in edison's lamp? END
START how many inventors came up with electric lamps before thomas edison? END
START how did edison achieve a higher vacuum than other inventors? END
START which historians wrote about the advantages of edison's lamp over other early versions? END
START how many inventors do historians list that did not invent the incandescent lamp? END
START what made power distribution economically non-viable in edison's lamp? END
START what four factors made edison's version economically viable? END
START which three historians wrote the conclusion that edison's version was more viable than other early versions? END
START what was the first football club from southern england to join the football league? END
START when did arsenal join the football league? END
START in what year did arsenal qualify to be in the first division? END
START how many league championships did arsenal win in the 1930s? END
START what was arsenal's league position ranking at the end of the last century? END
START who was the second club from the south of england to join the football league? END
START who has accumulated the most points? END
START in what division was arsenal in 1893? END
START how many league championships has arsenal won in all? END
START how many fa cup doubles has arsenal won since 2005? END
START what was the original name of the arsenal team? END
START when was arsenal originally formed? END
START when did arsenal become based in highbury? END
START in what year did arsenal move to holloway? END
START how does forbe's believe the arsenal club was worth in 2015? END
START where did arsenal play in 1886? END
START what team has the biggest fanbase in the world? END
START how much are the tottenham hotspurs worth as of 2015? END
START in what stadium do the tottenham hotspur play? END
START who founded the tottenham hotspur? END
START what group from the munitions plant in woolwich formed the arsenal club? END
START by what year had arsenal become a limited company? END
START when did arsenal move to arsenal stadium in highbury? END
START in which division was arsenal ranked by the start of wwi? END
START by 1920 where was arsenal ranked in division? END
START what was the average attendance of an arsenal's game in 1913? END
START in what year was henry norris born? END
START in what year were the tottenham hotspur formed? END
START who owned the tottenham hotspur in 1913? END
START what manager was appointed to lead arsenal in 1925? END
START what was chapman's style of tactics that provided the basis for the arsenal club's success? END
START in what decade did arsenal dominate in english football? END
START what football club manager got an underground station renamed for arsenal? END
START what was one of arsenal's first major wins? END
START what was the name of one of arsenal's coaches prior to 1925? END
START in what year was huddersfield town formed? END
START what was herbert chapman's last year as arsenal's coach? END
START who named the team arsenal? END
START when was bertie mee become manager of arsenal? END
START what position did mee hold in the arsenal club prior to becoming manager? END
START in which season did arsenal win its first european trophy? END
START for how long after arsenal's first trophy win the team do poorly competitions? END
START in what season did arsenal win their first league and fa cup double? END
START who was arsenal's manager in 1965? END
START who won the first european trophy? END
START who won the fa cup in 1972? END
START who owned the arsenal's in 1966? END
START how long was arsenal's losing streak prior to 1966? END
START on what date was bertie mee replaced by arsenal? END
START what arsenal manager replaced mee? END
START what action brought prosperity to arsenal? END
START what number of cup finals did arsenal reach in END
START in what years did arsenal get into the fa cup finals? END
START how old was bertie mee in 1976? END
START who has been the oldest manager of arsenal? END
START who was the manager of manchester united in 1979? END
START who did arsenal lose to at the 1980 european cup? END
START in what year was manchester united formed? END
START what former arsenal player became manager in 1986? END
START under the direction of graham, what trophy did arsenal win in 1987? END
START what competitor did arsenal defeat to win a league title in the 1988-89 season? END
START in what year did arsenal win their second european cup? END
START what action did graham get caught doing to get fired by arsenal? END
START in what year did george graham first play for arsenal? END
START where was the league cup played in 1987? END
START what was one of the player rune hauge gave money to george graham to sign? END
START who did arsenal beat for their 1990-91 title? END
START who did arsenal beat for their 1994 european cup match? END
START what manager in the late 1990s brought success to arsenal? END
START besides improved tactics and training, what did wenger add to the arsenal team? END
START in what season did arsenal win their second league and cup double? END
START what caused arsenal's loss to galatasarey in the 1999-2000 season? END
START what trophy did arsenal win in the 2003-2004 season without losing a match? END
START who was the manager of arsenal in 1995? END
START when was arsenal's first league and cup double? END
START who did arsenal win its fa cup over in 2003? END
START who did arsenal win its fa cup over in 2005? END
START in what year did galatasaray reach its first uefa cup? END
START including arsenal, how many  teams  had won the premier league up to 2013? END
START in what year was the premier league created? END
START what team defeated arsenal in the finals of the champions league in 2005-2006 season? END
START to what stadium did arsenal fc move in 2006? END
START for how many years did arsenal play at highbury? END
START who did arsenal compete against in the 2005-06 championship league? END
START who won the 2012-2013 championship league? END
START in what stadium does manchester city play? END
START manchester united plays in what stadium? END
START what was the first united kingdom team to reach the champion league final? END
START what famous team defeated arsenal for the league cup in 2007? END
START who beat arsenal for the 2011 league cup> END
START how many wins did arsenal have to make the team the most successful in fa cup history? END
START what team did arsenal defeat at wembley in 2015? END
START how community shield titles does arsenal have? END
START who did arsenal win the 2005 fa cup over? END
START who did arsenal beat to win their first trophy in three months? END
START in what stadium does hull city play? END
START in what stadium was the 2014 fa cup final played? END
START how many tournament titles does aston villa have? END
START in what year did arsenal first create a crest for the team? END
START what part of the arsenal crest is sometimes mistaken for chimneys? END
START after the team moved to what city were the cannon left off the crest? END
START what nickname prompted a return to the canon on the club crest? END
START in what year was the canon image further refined on the arsenal crest? END
START in what year did the metropolitan borough of woolwich develop its coat of arms? END
START in what year did the metropolitan borough of woolwich transfer to the coat of arms of the royal borough of greenwhich? END
START what was the arsenal crest from 1913 to 1921? END
START what has been the arsenal crest since 1925? END
START where did arsenal play prior to 1913? END
START what latin motto was added to the crest in 1949? END
START in 1949 what new addition was done to enhance the arsenal club crest? END
START what legal stance did arsenal use to win a law suit against a merchant? END
START in what year did arsenal produce a remodeled crest that could be copyrighted? END
START  who did arsenal supporters think should have been consulted before announcing the new crest? END
START what was arsenal's motto prior to 1949? END
START in what year did programme editor harry homer join arsenal? END
START what was the crest's initial colors in 1949? END
START in what year did arsenal finally win its trademark lawsuit against a street vendor? END
START in what year was the arsenal independent supporters' association formed? END
START what style of logo did chapman introduce in the 1930s? END
START of what is the early logo of arsenal an example? END
START where is the art deco style badge design used prominently? END
START what arsenal club nickname sometimes appeared on club shirts? END
START when was the white canon logo replaced with the club crest? END
START in what decade did herbert chapman join arsenal? END
START in what decade was arsenal nicknamed as "the gunners"? END
START what was worn on arsenal shirts prior to 1967? END
START in what art style is the white cannon drawn? END
START what celebration did arsenal have in the 2011-12 season? END
START what do the 15 oak leaves on the anniversary crest indicate? END
START what dates are depicted on the arsenal anniversary crest? END
START what motto is shown on the arsenal club anniversary crest? END
START where did the arsenal team wear the anniversary crest? END
START how many founding fathers were there of arsenal? END
START what is on top of the crest? END
START what color are the letters of "forward"? END
START what color are the laurel leaves on the crest? END
START what color are the oak leaves? END
START what has the color of the arsenal  home shirts been? END
START in recognition of what event was the color red adopted for arsenal shirts? END
START which founding members were responsible for the red shirts? END
START what was the early name for the arsenal fc? END
START what was the color  of the early uniforms' shorts and socks? END
START what color are arsenal players shoes? END
START what color were forest players shirts? END
START in what year was nottingham forest's football team founded? END
START in what year did fred beardsley first play for forest? END
START in what year did morris bates stop playing for forest? END
START what manager updated the players uniforms in 1933? END
START what brighter shade of red did chapman adopt? END
START what distinctive change did chapman make to the arsenal shirts? END
START for what style of shirts arsenal known ? END
START what did arsenal want to commemorate by wearing dark red shirts in their last season at highbury? END
START what color was arsenal's sleeves before 1933? END
START in what stadium did arsenal play after the 2005-06 season? END
START in what year did herbert chapman become manager of arsenal? END
START in what year was arsenal founded? END
START who founded arsenal? END
START what early team copied the arsenal's red current color in 1909? END
START what team in 1938 used the same style of kit, but in green? END
START by coping the arsenal team kit exactly, what nickname was given to sporting clube de braga? END
START for how long have the arsenal inspired copy-cat clubs worn their uniforms? END
START what was sporting clube de braga's original color? END
START in what stadium does sparta prague play? END
START what's the nickname of sparta prague? END
START what color kit did sparta prague wear in 1908? END
START what color are sparta prague's sleeves? END
START who won the 1920 game between arsenal and sporting clube de braga that took place at highbury? END
START during what season were arsenal's away colors white shirts and white or black shorts? END
START when did arsenal adolpt the away colors or yellow shirts and blue shorts? END
START for what competition did arsenal use the yellow and blue away kit? END
START what did arsenal consider the yellow and blue colors to be after losing a fa cup final wearing red and white? END
START what is the difference in the arsenal color of blue in the away kit after 1983? END
START what away color socks did arsenal wear for many years? END
START what color socks did arsenal players wear during the 1969-70 season? END
START what color sleeves did arsenal have in the 1969-70 season? END
START what was arsenal's home shirt colours during the 1969-70 season? END
START what color shirts were worn by liverpool players in 1971? END
START what manufacturer became arsenal's uniform provider in 1994? END
START which brand was the kit provider prior to 1994? END
START to appeal to what are the kits changed regularly? END
START what traditional arsenal colors have frequently been employed for away kits? END
START since what year has the away kit been changed every year? END
START in what year was arsenal's home colours kits last changed? END
START what color was arsenal's away colours when adidas was the kit provider? END
START what color away kit did arsenal wear during the 2002-03 season? END
START what color away kit did arsenal wear during the 2004-05 season? END
START in what year did the replica kit market start to become lucrative? END
START when did arsenal fc leave highbury stadium? END
START when did arsenal stadium at highbury first become the club's home? END
START what architect designed the original stadium at highbury? END
START in what decade was arsenal stadium overhauled? END
START when was the arsenal stadium bombed? END
START in which stadium has arsenal played since 2006? END
START who designed arsenal's new stadium, built in 2006? END
START in what year was highbury bombed? END
START in what month in 1913 did highbury open? END
START in what month in 1936 did the art deco east stands finish being constructed? END
START what was the most people that highbury stadium could host? END
START when did league regulations make arsenal reduce the seating in highbury? END
START where did arsenal play matches because of increased seating capacity? END
START during what time did arsenal play at wembley? END
START what seating capacity did wembley offer that have to lure arsenal to play there? END
START what was the maximum occupancy of highbury at its peak? END
START in what year was wembley built? END
START what's the maximum occupancy of wembley? END
START how many advertising board does wembley have? END
START what was built first, highbury or wembley? END
START when did arsenal offer a plan to build a new stadium at ashburton grove? END
START by what name was the new arsenal stadium finally known? END
START what was the amount of the emirates airline company deal? END
START of what facet of stadium naming do some fans disapprove? END
START what type of agreement is the deal with emirates ? END
START what was the east stand of highbury close to? END
START how many people could fit into highbury? END
START how much is the largest sponsorship deal in global football history worth? END
START what is clock end close to? END
START what is northbank close to? END
START what is the common nickname of arsenal supporters? END
START from what name does gooners come? END
START from what groups do the supporters of arsenal come? END
START where did the attendance at arsenal games rank in relation to other english clubs? END
START what aspect of the fan base is one of the  reasons for large game attendance? END
START in what year did arsenal fans start calling themselves, "gooners"? END
START which english club had the highest average league attendance for 2007-08? END
START which team had the highest attendance in 2015? END
START what do fans of real madrid call themselves? END
START how many people on average attend a schalke home game? END
START what type of clubs does arsenal have? END
START which fan club is closely allied to the arsenal club? END
START what supporters club is more loosely tied to arsenal? END
START what fan group wants more ownership rights in the arsenal club? END
START what is a common chant of arsenal supporters? END
START which arsenal domestic supporters' club was the first to be created? END
START which arsenal fanzine was the first to be published? END
START which was the last arsenal domestic supporter club to be established? END
START what was the latest arsenal fanzine to start publishing? END
START what medium has added to the fan base of arsenal? END
START how many supporter clubs outside britain  were there in 2007 affiliated with arsenal? END
START in 2011 what was arsenal's estimated fan base? END
START what was the world ranking of arsenal's social media in 2015-15 season? END
START in this era of satelites and social media,on what are fans now less dependent ? END
START what club had the highest social media activity during the 2014-15 season? END
START who won the 2014-15 season? END
START how many american arsenal supporter clubs are there? END
START how many people follow arsenal's social media accounts? END
START in what year did sport+markt start printing? END
START what football club is arsenal's greatest rival? END
START since the arsenal and tottenham hotspurs are geographically so close , what is the contest between them called? END
START what club has arsenal have an increased rivalry since the 1980s? END
START what competition sparked the rivalry with manchester? END
START what year's poll of supporters said that the tottenham rivalry was greatest? END
START who is chelsea's biggest rivalry with? END
START a 2008 poll showed which team is west ham united's biggest rival? END
START according to a 2003 online poll who is fulham's biggest rival club? END
START in what year was west ham united founded? END
START what are matches between chelsea and manchester united called? END
START what individual is the biggest shareholder on the arsenal board? END
START what percentage of shares in arsenal did kroenke own by 2011? END
START who is arsenal's chief executive? END
START who is kroenke's chief competitor for arsenal stock? END
START in what year did kreonke achieve take over of arsenal stock? END
START who was arsenal's chief executive prior to 2009? END
START how many shares did red and white securities own of arsenal in 2007? END
START in what month and year did david dein acquire his shares in arsenal? END
START in what country was ivan gazidis born? END
START in what year did nina bracewell-smith and danny fiszman acquire their shares of arsenal? END
START by what means does arsenal operate as a company? END
START how many shares of arsenal stock are there? END
START on march 10,2016 what was the value of a share of arsenal stock? END
START what value did forbes place on arsenal in 2015? END
START at what rank in value in the premier league is arsenal? END
START on what exchange are some uk clubs shares traded? END
START how much does forbes estimate arsenal's value to be as of 2017? END
START how much does a single share of arsenal cost as of 1-1-2018? END
START what club has the highest value as of 2015 according to henley business school? END
START where does deloitte football money league rank arsenal in the world football clubs? END
START what value does deloitte place on arsenal? END
START what is the match day earning of emirates stadium? END
START how does arsenal match day revenue compare with other stadium in the world? END
START what does arsenal report a before tax profit for 2014-15? END
START who ranks first in revenue for world football clubs? END
START how much is emirates stadium worth? END
START how much of arsenal's profits come from their footballing core? END
START how much revenue did arsenal have during the 2015-16 season? END
START how much profit did arsenal have for the 2013-14 season? END
START why was arsenal's match on 22 jan. 1927 at highbury a first? END
START what team did arsenal play at the time of the radio broadcast in 1927? END
START when was arsenal's match the first to be televised live? END
START to what first broadcast did arsenal provide match highlights? END
START in what form was arsenal's broadcast of a 2010 match against manchester united? END
START in what stadium was arsenal playing in for the first televised game? END
START on what tv channel was the 16 september 1937 arsenal exhibition game shown? END
START who won the match between arsenal and liverpool on 22 august 1964? END
START who won the match between arsenal and sheffield united on 22 january 1927? END
START in what year did bskyb televise their first arsenal game? END
START in what film was arsenal fc shown? END
START what arsenal manager had a speaking part in the 1939 film? END
START what book by nick hornby has twice been adapted for film? END
START when was hornby's book published? END
START in what decade did film and literature help revive football in britain? END
START what was the name of the 1997 movie about arsenal? END
START what was the name of the 2005 movie about the boston red sox? END
START who was the lead actor in arsenal stadium mystery? END
START what player is poisoned during the arsenal stadium mystery movie? END
START what stadium do the boston red sox play in? END
START how have arsenal players portrayed in media? END
START in what decades were arsenal players stereotyped in a negative way? END
START what film featured a arsenal play in  derogatory way? END
START which comic made numerous jokes about arsenal players? END
START what film uses characters named after arsenal full backs? END
START in what year did the movie plunkett & macleane release? END
START who are two of the characters in the full monty? END
START in what year did lee dixon join arsenal? END
START in what year was nigel winterburn's last game with arsenal? END
START who was arsenal's right-sided in 1997? END
START how many league championships has arsenal won? END
START where does arsenal's total league championships place it as compared to other english teams? END
START of what type of trophies does arsenal have the most? END
START in what competition was arsenal the first to enter the finals? END
START what team beat arsenal to win the 2006 uefa champions league? END
START what is one of the other teams that has won the fa cup twice in succession? END
START how many times has barcelona won the uefa champions league? END
START in what year was liverpool's last league championship? END
START in what year did manchester united when its first league championship? END
START which team has the second most fa cup trophies? END
START what is the name of the football club affiliated with arsenal? END
START when did the arsenal ladies team become semi-professional? END
START how does arsenal ladies rank as compared with other english women's football teams? END
START by 2009 what competition has arsenal ladies been the only ladies team to have won? END
START at what stadium do arsenal ladies usually play? END
START in what year did clare wheatley start managing arsenal ladies? END
START in what year was boreham wood built? END
START which team is the second most successful in english women's football? END
START how many times a year does arsenal ladies play at boreham wood? END
START what can clothing provide during hazardous activities? END
START what type of surfaces can clothing protect from? END
START what does clothing keep toxic materials away from? END
START what can insulate against cold or hot conditions? END
START what type of radiation can clothing provide some protection from? END
START clothing cannot protect you from what kind of activities END
START psychologically what serves many purposes? END
START what can protect you from smooth surfaces END
START what offers protection for many kinds of radiation? END
START what helps keep you warm in hot conditions? END
START what isn't it easy to determine about clothing? END
START what organism has provided some information about the timeline of clothing? END
START what habitat is the body louse specific to? END
START what may modern humans be the only survivor of several species of? END
START how many thousands of years ago may have clothing been worn? END
START what is easy to determine about clothing? END
START please have provided some information about what? END
START what habitat is the head louse is specific to? END
START headlights diverge from body lice how long ago? END
START humans are the only primates who may have what? END
START what obvious improvement does clothing bestow upon the wearer? END
START in what type of climate does clothing protect against sunburn and wind damage? END
START what property of clothing is important in cold climates? END
START what has seasonal and regional aspects? END
START what type of material tends to be worn in warmer seasons? END
START the least obvious improvement bestowed by clothing is what? END
START in cold climate clothing protects against sunburn and what? END
START what usually increases the functional need for clothing? END
START what property of clothing is important in hot climates? END
START more layers of clothing are generally worn when? END
START what variety has there been in the materials of clothing throughout history? END
START what is an article that is carried rather than worn that isn't regarded as clothing? END
START jewelry isn't considered clothing because it's usually worn purely for what reason? END
START what are footwear and hats both considered? END
START what is an example of something that serves a function other than protection? END
START there has been little variety in materials used for what? END
START all what is regarded as clothing? END
START what article of clothing is carried rather than worn? END
START jewelry is usually consider clothing because his worn for what reason? END
START footwear and hats are consider clothing rather than what? END
START what does clothing protect from things which may injure it? END
START rain, snow, and wind are what class of things clothing protects the wearer from? END
START clothing that is too sheer will offer less what? END
START what type of hazard is noxious chemicals? END
START what type of clothing do doctors wear to protect their surroundings? END
START clothing does not protect the wearer from what elements? END
START clothing that is sheer will offer more what? END
START noxious chemicals are not what kind of hazard? END
START what do doctors were to protect themselves from their surroundings? END
START what animal has shown extreme inventiveness in the clothing it has devised? END
START what are space suits an example of a solution to?  END
START what type of implication might a certain type of clothing have? END
START what value may clothing designed to be fashionable also have? END
START why are some parts of the body covered? END
START humans have shown little inventiveness in what? END
START what does not have social implications END
START what do social norms not require of clothes? END
START the distinction between clothing and what is always clear? END
START clothing that is designed to be fashionable is not also what END
START what century do dissertation on clothing first appear from? END
START what year was j. c. flgel's psychology of clothes published? END
START whose book entitled physiology of heat regulation and the science of clothing was published in 1949? END
START how much had the science of clothing in relation to environmental factors changed by 1968? END
START what have remained unchanged while the knowledge has grown? END
START what led to the first dissertation on clothing in the eighteenth century END
START who published psychology of close in 1920? END
START what field is not spending significantly since 1968? END
START the science of clothing in relation to what changed a lot by 1968? END
START considerable research has been done changing what? END
START what is an example of clothing that was once seen as exclusively for males? END
START what gender's clothing is often more practical? END
START what can males typically bare in more places? END
START what would be unlikely to raise eyebrows if a woman were to wear it? END
START what is a common opinion about men wearing women's clothing? END
START what clothing is exclusively for males? END
START female clothing is often more what? END
START males are typically not allowed to show what in public places END
START it is generally not acceptable for women to wear what? END
START in western society skirts dresses and neckties are typically seen as what? END
START who was allowed to wear gamrents dyed with tyrian purple in ancient rome? END
START who was allowed to wear feather cloaks and palaoa in old school hawaiian society? END
START what right were lower caste women required to pay a tax to acquire? END
START what country once only allowed their emperor to wear yellow? END
START what can peer pressure influence? END
START who is not allowed to wear garments dyed purple in ancient rome END
START what is not used to indicate rancor status? END
START in one country could the emperor not wear yellow? END
START what kind of laws do not regulate what people could wear END
START how was the earliest clothing kept on the body? END
START what does clothing materials do more quickly compared to stone and bone? END
START who has identified needles from about 30,000 b.c.? END
START where have flax fibers which may have been used in clothing found? END
START what dates back to 36,000 bp? END
START the earliest clothing was pinned to what? END
START clothing material deteriorates slowly compared to what? END
START where have we not yet found flax fibers END
START archaeologists have found early metal needles from when? END
START what group of people debate when humans stated wearing clothes? END
START what type of analysis has been conducted on human body lice? END
START what do lice require human clothing to do? END
START what may have the invention of clothing happened with? END
START what about the origin of clothing remains unanswered? END
START scientists are in agreement about when people begin to do what? END
START what type of analysis has been done on headlights? END
START body lice require hair to what? END
START southward migration coincided with what?  END
START most humans have lots of hair hair which leads to what? END
START various cultures have come up with ways of making clothes from what? END
START many people still wear clothes that are what shape? END
START what nationality wears kilts? END
START pins or belts hold what in place? END
START what precious material may remain uncut? END
START different cultures have evolved various ways of making whatever for? END
START few people still wear garments made of what? END
START pins are used to hold up what indian governments END
START with scottish garment is tied? END
START what are the disadvantage of making clothes from a single rectangular cloth? END
START what had somewhat became an international style by the early 21st century? END
START cultural dissemination has continued over the what? END
START what have western corporations penetrated? END
START who has been spreading western culture and styles? END
START who donates discard western clothing to people in poor places? END
START eastern clothing styles have become international styles by what century? END
START this process ended with what? END
START easter media corporations have spread what? END
START eastern close are also delivered to poor people by who? END
START what type of garment is more expensive and mass-produced? END
START safety reasons may be why someone wears this type of clothing. END
START leotards are an example of what type of garment? END
START what does spandex soak up? END
START what's an example of a form fitting garment? END
START what type of sport is wrestling considered? END
START what physical activities do not require special clothing? END
START what the spandex not soak up? END
START what are not common sports governments END
START changes keep happening because new cultural stuff meets these type of innovations. END
START what have researchers in science labs been making? END
START what elementary force can some specialized fabrics generate? END
START what can garments made with kevlar resist? END
START stain-resistant fabrics are coated with chemicals to reduce what? END
START why is clothing slow to change? END
START scientists are developing what they can serve either a functional purpose for a traditional END
START some less practical END
START stain resistant fabrics absorb what? END
START what type of conditions do many garment works endure? END
START what type of clothing is frequently the product of sweatshops? END
START what is a feature of sweatshops beyond lack of benefits and representation? END
START poor conditions found in developing countries may also be found in what type of nations? END
START what type of immigrant often staff sweatshops? END
START what workers enjoy good conditions? END
START what requires varied manual labor? END
START here my clothing is often produced in what? END
START most examples of what are found in industrial countries? END
START what transformed most industry by the 1800s? END
START the abolishing of the mfa made what possible? END
START what did the mfa put quotas on? END
START what is often identified as the reason for less than ideal working conditions for garment workers? END
START what treaty tries to set standards for worker safety and rights? END
START what country has failed to ratify sections 87 and 92 of the ilo? END
START abolishing what stopped outsourcing to low-wage countries? END
START the mfa stop quotas on what? END
START wh what is often quoted is contributing to improved working conditions? END
START what treaty lowered standards for worker safety rights? END
START india has ratified all sections of what treaty? END
START what have humans used for clothing since prehistoric times? END
START indigenous people in what zones use fur for warmth and protection? END
START using animal fur as clothing was once considered what? END
START who considers animal fur to be cruel and unnecessary? END
START what's the four letter name of an animal liberation group? END
START what has not been used for clothing since prehistoric times? END
START indigenous people in the tropics use for for what? END
START using what for clothing has always been controversial? END
START who consider animal first to be necessary END
START what's the point of ironing clothing? END
START what type of clothing is believed to look neat, fresh and clean? END
START what material doesn't easily wrinkle? END
START permanent press materials have been treated with what? END
START what does polytetrafluoroethylene suppress? END
START many what are designed to be ironed? END
START what material wrinkles easily? END
START what type of closing encourages wrinkles? END
START it does not suppress wrinkles? END
START doing what creates a rough appearance without ironing? END
START what releases formaldehyde? END
START what can cause contact dermatitis for some people? END
START what government office found high levels of formaldehyde in non-wrinkle clothing in 2008? END
START how many months of washing did a 1999 study look at? END
START how many ppm is a safe limit for direct skin exposure to formaldehyde? END
START non-wrinkle shirts do not contain what? END
START what does not cause contact dermatitis? END
START disclosure agreements exist for what? END
START it was found that the lowest levels of formaldehyde were found in what? END
START seventy-five ppm of formaldehyde is not a safe limit for what? END
START what used to be considered an art, back in the day? END
START what could an accomplished tailor or seamstress skillfully render almost invisible? END
START why did it make sense to spend time fixing cloth? END
START what is clothing considered today? END
START what type of person is likely to replace zippers and buttons? END
START what is still considered an art today? END
START a mediocre tail or seamstress could make it so what? END
START when cloth was worth less than the labor it made sense to do what? END
START what is not considered a consumable item today? END
START what is more expensive than the labor required to repair it? END
START what american professional baseball team is located on the north side of chicago, il?   END
START what league are the chicago cubs in? END
START where do the chicago cubs play their home games? END
START who currently owns the  chicago cubs? END
START when did the chicago cubs play their first game? END
START what year did the chicago cubs' name become official?  END
START what other team besides the chicago cubs is tied for being the oldest currently active u.s. professional sports club? END
START what year did the cubs record a major league record of 116 wins? END
START what is the winning percentage the cubs posted that still stands today? END
START who was the first team to play in three consecutive fall classics? END
START how many world series have the cubs appeared in? END
START who did the cubs began play as? END
START when the cubs started playing, who was their owner? END
START where did the white stockings play their home games? END
START who assumed ownership of the cubs after hulbert died? END
START what year did the white stockings capture their third consecutive pennant? END
START while anson led the chicago cubs how many national league pennants did they win? END
START what did the chicago cubs become know as by 1890? END
START who was the first player in history credited with collecting 3,000 career hits? END
START who did spalding sell the cubs to in 1902? END
START who nicknamed the franchise the cubs in 1902? END
START who wrote the poem baseball's sad lexicon? END
START who holds the longest championship drought in north american professional sports? END
START who obtained a large block of the cub's shares in 1914? END
START who assumed majority ownership of the cubs franchise by the 1916 season? END
START who did albert lasker bring in to be his partner of the chicago cubs? END
START where did the cubs move to after leaving the west side grounds? END
START what year did hack wilson have one of the most impressive seasons in mlb history? END
START how many games in a row did the cubs win in a row during 1935? END
START what year did the cubs win the nl pennant? END
START why were the first three games of the 1945 world series played in detroit? END
START where were the final four games of the 1945 world series played? END
START in what game was the curse of the billy goat allegedly laid upon the cubs? END
START what was ejected from wrigley park because of it's bad odor? END
START who had been a key player in the 1945 season? END
START what season was phil cavarretta a key player for the cubs? END
START who was fired during spring training in 1954 after admitting the cubs were unlikely to finish above fifth place? END
START who managed the cubs in 1969? END
START the cubs built a substantial lead in what league under management of leo durocher? END
START when did ken hoitzman pitch a no-hitter? END
START who threw a surprise pickoff attempt to third baseman ron santo? END
START during what decade did the cubs become known as "the loveable losers"? END
START what is often pointed to as the one reason for the cubs' inconsistent late season play? END
START what year did the cubs experience one of their biggest collapses? END
START what year did the cubs hire gm dallas green? END
START where was gm dallas green from? END
START what team had dallas green managed in 1980? END
START who shored up the 1984 roster with a series of transactions? END
START when was scott sanderson acquired from montreal? END
START when did lf gary matthews and cf bobby dernier come from philadelphia to the cubs? END
START when did green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation? END
START why did green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation? END
START who was the 1979 nl rookie of the year pitcher? END
START where had rick sutcliffe been before moving to the cubs? END
START what contest shift the cubs' fortunes?  END
START what had the contest between the cubs and the st. louis cardinals been dubbed as? END
START how many game-tying home runs did sandberg get against the cardinals at the sandber game? END
START in what year did the league have two divisions?  END
START the division winners met in what kind of series to advance to the world series? END
START where were the first two games of the 1984 division winners held? END
START why did the cubs need to host their home games at an alternative site? END
START where was it rumored that the cubs could home their home games? END
START comiskey park was the home to what team? END
START who had the home field advantage in 1983? END
START who easily won the first two games in the nlcs? END
START where did the cubs easily win the first two games of the nlcs? END
START who did the cubs play against in the first two games of the nlcs? END
START what year was the first full season with night baseball at wrigley field? END
START who was rookie of the year in 1989? END
START who was rookie of the year runner-up in 1989? END
START who did the cubs meet in the nlcs during 1989? END
START what legendary broadcaster died in the '98 season? END
START who was affectionately known as "h-rod"? END
START how many round-trippers did rodriguez slug in his first season in chicago? END
START who put together a good season for the cubs in 2001? END
START who was brought in to preach "positive thinking"? END
START who hit a three run walk off homer off of closer tom "flash" gordon? END
START when did the cubs promote assistant general manager and player personnel director jim hendry? END
START what was jim hendry promoted to? END
START who did the cubs hire in response to jim hendry's promotion? END
START in what game did florida shut the cubs out? END
START what pitcher led the cubs in game 6? END
START who hit the foul ball that several spectators attempted to catch? END
START what year did most media outlets pick the cubs to win the world series? END
START who was acquired in a trade with florida for hee-seop choi? END
START who was the mid-season deal for? END
START who did the cubs trade after leaving the final game early and lieing about it? END
START who was a controversial figure due to a corked-bat incident? END
START what popular commentator left during the '04 season? END
START who verbally attacked steve stone? END
START how many wins did the cubs finish the nl central with in 2006? END
START who was signed to a contract at 8 years for $136 million? END
START who replaced dusty baker as the cubs manager? END
START what  chunichi dragons  start was signed to the cubs in 2008? END
START who was acquired from the oakland athletics in early july? END
START who was named rookie of the year in 2008? END
START who pitched a no-hitter against the astros on spetember 14th? END
START when did the ricketts family acquire a majority interest in the cubs? END
START who did chicago engage in a see-saw battle for first place into august 2009? END
START what plagued the cubs in 2009? END
START who debuted as the starting shortstop in early may 2010? END
START when did starlin castro debut as the starting shortstop? END
START who announced on august 22nd they were leaving the cubs prematurely?  END
START why did lou piniella leave the cubs prematurely? END
START how many games under .500 did the cubs finish the 2011 season with? END
START who was the new owner of the cubs? END
START who did the new owner of the cubs sign from the boston red sox? END
START how much was the contract given to theo epstein worth? END
START who did the cubs trade to the texas rangers for mike olt, c.j. edwards, neil ramirez, and justin grimm? END
START who did the cubs send to the new york yankees for minor leaguer corey black? END
START when did theo epstein made the decision to fire dale sveum? END
START how many seasons did dale sveum spend with the cubs before getting fired? END
START when did the cubs announce that joe maddon had signed a five-year contract to be the 54th manager? END
START who did the team sign on december 10, 2014 as a free agent? END
START how much was jon lester's contract worth? END
START what was the record the cubs finished with during the 2015 season? END
START when were the cubs and new york giants involved in a tight pennant race? END
START who were the cubs involved with for a tight pennant race on september 23, 1908? END
START who was the runner on first base? END
START when was game three of the world series between the cubs and the new york yankees? END
START who allegedly hit a home run to the center? END
START when did babe ruth retire? END
START when did hack wilson set a record of 56 home-runs and 190 runs-batted-in? END
START who broke lou gehrig's mlb record of 176 rbi? END
START when did manny ramirez get his 165 rbi? END
START what was wilson named by the baseball writer's association of america?  END
START when did protesters run into the outfield and try to set fire to the u.s. flag? END
START what stadium did protesters try to burn the u.s.  flag? END
START who grabbed the flag before protesters could light it on fire? END
START when did sammy sosa explode into pursuit of roger maris' home run record?  END
START who was in pursuit of roger maris' home run record? END
START sammy sosa was in pursuit of beating whose home run record? END
START what award did sammy sosa win? END
START when did the cubs record their 10,000 regular-season win? END
START who did the cubs record their 10,000 regular-season against? END
START when was the beginning of the national league? END
START how many batters did kerry wood strike out against houston? END
START when did kerry wood strike out 20 batters against houston? END
START kerry wood struck out 20 batters against what team? END
START when was the last time the chicago cubs win a world series championship? END
START when was the last time the chicago cubs appeared in the fall classic? END
START what is the longest championship drought in all four of the major north american professional sports leagues? END
START the championship drought has led to the chicago cubs being know as what? END
START who was the first and only player to hit a pitched ball onto the roof of a five-story building across waveland ave? END
START when did the first and only player to hit a pitched ball onto the roof of a five-story building across waveland ave? END
START who barely missed the scoreboard when he launched a home run ball onto sheffield avenue? END
START when did the cubs sign a developmental agreement with the kane county cougars? END
START the cubs had a class a minor league affiliation on two occasions with who? END
START when did the cubs announce a move of their top class a affiliate from daytona to myrtle beach? END
START who began spring training in hot springs, arkansas in 1886? END
START who is the founder of spalding sporting goods? END
START whittington park, majestic park, and fogel field were all built where? END
START where is the cubs' current spring  training facility located? END
START how many seats are in the cubs' sloan park training facility? END
START when did sloan park open? END
START where is rendezvous park? END
START where is blair field? END
START between what years did the club hold spring training in scottsdale, arizona? END
START who had a majority interest in cataline island  in 1919? END
START what did wrigley construct on the island to house the cubs in spring training? END
START when did the cubs choose to leave catalina island? END
START where was the former location in mesa? END
START how many square feet does fitch park provide? END
START when was the spring training home of the oakland athletics built? END
START who manned the cubs radio and tv booth for parts of five decades? END
START what was jack brickhouse's trademark call? END
START what did jack brickhouse do when he approached his retirement age? END
START how long was harry caray's tenure  with the cubs? END
START how did caray become a well-known chicago figure? END
START how long had caray been a st louis cardinals icon? END
START who did harry hand-pick himself? END
START who did caray often playfully quarrel with? END
START why did caray often playfully quarrel with stone? END
START what does the crowd sing during the 7th inning to honor caray's memory? END
START what company purchased the  cubs in 1981? END
START how much did tribune company purchase the cubs for? END
START how long were the cubs ran under the wrigley family? END
START what was "baseball's sad lexicon" also known as? END
START who wrote "baseball's sad lexicon"? END
START what poem did franklin pierce adams write?  END
START what is the official cubs team mascot? END
START what is the official cubs team mascot's name? END
START when did clark make his debut? END
START what did "the bear-man" wear as an outfit? END
START during what season were "cubbie-bear" mascots outside of wrigley on game day? END
START who played billy cub? END
START what is another unofficial well-known mascot? END
START what is ronnie known for to wrigley field visitors? END
START what did harry caray dub wickers? END
START where is wrigley field located? END
START what is the area surrounding the ballpark typically referred to? END
START what have many apartment buildings  surrounding wrigley field built on their rooftops? END
START when did tom ricketts and crane kenney unveil plans for a five-year funded renovation of wrigley field? END
START how much money has been funded to the renovation of wrigley field? END
START how big is the jumbotron going to be? END
START what nickname has been given to the fans who sit in the bleacher section at wrigley field? END
START who heads the current group? END
START what did bud light dub the bleacher section? END
START what year did a group of chicago cubs fans form the emil verban society? END
START where were the emil verban society founders based in? END
START who currently heads the emil verban society? END
START what year was the single "hey hey! holy mackerel! (the cubs song)" produced?  END
START what was the name of the album several members of the cubs recorded? END
START what did the cubs song incorporate? END
START when was take me out to a cubs game released?  END
START how many songs are on the take me out to a cubs game album? END
START when was harry caray's final performance of "take me out to the ball game"? END
START what film depicts the chicago cubs defeating a baseball team from miami in the 2015 world series? END
START what team failed to make it to the playoffs in 2015? END
START what day were the cubs swept by the new york mets in the nlcs? END
START in what year did the korean war begin? END
START what caused the start of the korean war? END
START what country was divided at the end of world war ii? END
START which country aided south korea during the war? END
START when did the korean war end? END
START what nation ruled korea in 1910? END
START what part of korea did the soviet union occupy? END
START who occupied korea south of the 38th parallel? END
START what united nation's committee considered the invasion of korea to be an act of aggression? END
START how many countries assisted in the defense of south korea? END
START at the beginning of the conflict, where were south korean forces pushed back to? END
START in 1950, what country got involved in the war? END
START how many times did the control of seoul change? END
START on land, where was the last two years of the war fought? END
START what type of combat was seen for the first time in the history of war? END
START in, china what is the war officially called? END
START what did macau and hong kong call the korean war? END
START when is the term 'chaoxian war' used as a name for the korean war? END
START along with taiwan, what empire was korea considered to be apart of? END
START who was the colonial governor-general that mandated cultural assimilation of korea's people? END
START what language were the korean people forced to learn? END
START what policy forced koreans to change their names to japanese names? END
START in 1939, what caused nearly 2 million koreans to be forced into the labor force or the army? END
START how many japanese forces were in korea in 1945? END
START where were 723,000 koreans sent to work? END
START who did japan collaborate with to help control the citizens of korea? END
START by 1945, what percentage of koreans made up the japanese labor force? END
START what army were korean men conscripted into? END
START what job were colonels dean rusk and charles h. bonesteel iii given? END
START what two areas was korea divided into? END
START what order was the division of korea included in? END
START who had to agree to the us's decision to divide korea at the 38th parallel? END
START what was a factor in deciding where to divide the occupation zones? END
START who accepted japan's surrender? END
START what was general hodge appointed the head of? END
START what government was not recognized by the u.s. army military government in korea? END
START why was the people's republic of korea not recognized? END
START who did general hodge restore power to, resulting in protests? END
START what is the civil disobedience caused by the railroad worker's strike called? END
START when was the daegu uprising? END
START how many people attacked the yeongcheon police station? END
START when did the pusasn railroad strike begin? END
START how did the usamgik respond to the uprisings? END
START what did the joint commission's lack of progress cause the us government to do? END
START why did the korean communists and the soviets refuse to cooperate in the elections and creation of independent korea? END
START when was the south korean general election held? END
START what problems did the elections face? END
START who held parliamentary elections on august 25, 1948? END
START when was south korea's constitution created? END
START who was elected president of south korea on july 20, 1948? END
START what year was the republic of korea established? END
START who led the russian koran zone of occupation? END
START what two groups were excluded from the south korean political process? END
START who supported the chinese communists during the civil war in manchuria? END
START what two groups were fighting in the chinese civil war? END
START what did the chinese communists want? END
START what army did north koreans serve in during the civil war? END
START how much material did the north koreans give to the chinese communists? END
START what country helped north korea invade south korea? END
START when was the people's republic of china created? END
START what caused a problem within the korean communist party? END
START who led the faction that challenged kim-il-sung? END
START who did china pledge to support if a conflict should occur between north and south korea? END
START what country did china see as a threat to the people's republic of china? END
START where was it believed that that fight against communism would take place? END
START to show their strength in the international communist movement, what did china do? END
START who did america support during the chinese civil war? END
START when did the soviets first detonate a nuclear bomb? END
START what treaty did stalin and china enter into? END
START what country did not prevent a communist victory in china? END
START who was convinced that the us did was no longer interested in korea? END
START where did stalin engage in an aggressive political strategy? END
START who had to agree to send reinforcements for stalin to give permission for the invasion of korea? END
START who did the soviets not want to engage in conflict? END
START what concern did mao have about the south korean invasion? END
START who needed soviet financial and military aid? END
START what did mao's assistance allow north korea to accelerate? END
START who did the soviets send to north korea? END
START where did the conflict in south korea begin? END
START what were the generals sent to north korea collectively called? END
START when did the generals finalize their attack strategy? END
START who called for korean elections in 1950? END
START who rejected the peace gesture? END
START what did kim il-sung do after the peace overture was rejected? END
START why did kim's war plan need revising? END
START when did kim il-sung call for the haeju conference? END
START who primarily initiated the clashes along the 38th parallel? END
START what group trained the republic of korea army? END
START what general had a lot of confidence in the republic of korea's army? END
START who wanted to take over north korea? END
START who was the diplomat that visited korea? END
START who provoked a conflict by crossing the 38th parallel? END
START where did the fighting begin? END
START who claimed to have taken control of haeju? END
START who questioned the claim that south korean did not provoke the kpa? END
START who was the korean people's army trying to execute? END
START who, along with members of the south korean government, fled south korea? END
START what bridge were refugees attempting to cross when it was blown up by the south korean army? END
START how many south korean national assemblyman pledged their allegiance to seoul? END
START what did south korea do to cause members of the south korean military unit to become trapped near the han river? END
START what day was the city of seoul captured? END
START what country was believed to provide a counterbalance to china's and the soviet union's involvement in korea? END
START which president decided to intervene after realizing that japan's security would be affected by the hostility in korea? END
START why was south korea important to the us? END
START what affected america's response to the situation in south korea? END
START what was the truman administration concerned about that was preventing them from getting involved in the korean conflict? END
START what agency approved the use of force in south korea? END
START why did the us not send in ground troops after the united nations approved the use of force? END
START who believed that if the issues in korea were not dealt with the communist aggression would spread? END
START what resources did the us devote to south korea after the security council approved engaging in an armed conflict? END
START who condemned the actions of north korea? END
START which permanent member of the un security council boycotted council meetings in protest of taiwan's seat in the united nations? END
START what resolution encouraged security council members to send military assistance to the republic of korea? END
START who accused the united states of beginning an armed intervention in south korea? END
START what did un security council resolution 82 accomplish? END
START what country challenged the legitimacy of the korean war? END
START where did the intelligence information that led to the passage of resolution 83 come from? END
START what type of vote is required for the security council to commit to military action in korea. END
START how many permanent members did the un security council have? END
START what charter did the us believe was violated by intervening in the korean conflict? END
START how many infantry divisions did n. korea have engaged in the war? END
START what was the maximum number of north korean troops engaged in the war? END
START how many reserve soldiers did north korea have? END
START what type of naval ships did the south and north koreans have? END
START what was the problem with the rok army? END
START who declined the rok's request for tanks? END
START in what country did the us maintain air forces and garrisons? END
START who reported that south korea's military was not ready for combat? END
START which secretary of state did president truman hold discussions about how the us would respond to the invasion of south korea? END
START the north korean invasion of south korea was compared to what event? END
START what did the us not want to see repeated? END
START the us involvement in the korean war was important to achieving what goal? END
START what report discussed the united states's goals for containing communism? END
START why was the us naval blockade not feasible? END
START why was the us not able to provide an adequate response to the korean invasion? END
START who was tasked with reorganization and deploying of the us military? END
START who was forced to retreat back to the pusan peninsula due to unpreparedness? END
START who stated that winning the war does not excuse putting us troops into a bad situation? END
START what general provided material to the republic of korea and evacuated us nationals? END
START who disagreed with the idea of unilaterally bombing the north korean military? END
START what fleet was sent to the taiwan strait? END
START fearing the provocation of communist china, what country's request for combat troops did the us deny? END
START who is the chinese premier that called the actions of the us and the united nations an act of aggression? END
START what battle is considered the us's first significant fight in the korean war? END
START which infantry division was involved in the battle of osan? END
START where was the 24th division forced to retreat to what location? END
START at what battle did the 24th infantry division suffer major losses? END
START in what country is the us's task force smith located? END
START how did the kpa hurt the republic of korea's intellectual core? END
START who was held responsible for the actions of the kpa? END
START where did the eighth united states and rok get pushed back to? END
START what body of water provided a natural border to the un command-controlled pusan perimeter? END
START how much of korea was under the control of the united nations? END
START why did zhou enlai want a commitment the soviet union to commit to supporting the chinese troops? END
START where did north korea predict that macarthur would enter korea? END
START who helped north korea prepare for war by surveying the country? END
START where did the chinese military deploy troops in preparation for the arrival of us troops? END
START even though it was predicted that the korean war would end in august, who was less than optimistic about the prediction? END
START which army was trying to capture teague and the naktong bulge? END
START what did the us air force's daytime attacks cause the kpa to do? END
START why did the soviet union complain about the action of the us to the un security council? END
START along with india, what other nation was to determine the how much the us would have to compensate china? END
START why did india and sweden never determine how much the us would compensate china? END
START where in the united states was the tank battalion located? END
START what is korea's largest port? END
START besides the united states, what other country sent military personnel to korea? END
START who had the fewest number of troops in korea? END
START who was able to counterattack and move the kpa away from the pusan perimeter? END
START why did general macarthur suggest an amphibious landing at inchon? END
START who did general macarthur ask to plan the amphibious attack? END
START where did the 1st infantry deploy from? END
START why were kpa forces unable to adequately defend themselves against un forces? END
START who initially opposed general macarthur's landing plan? END
START what corps included 40,000 men from the 1st marine division? END
START who coordinated the efforts of the rok army, marine corps and the us army to stage a successful battle? END
START whose nickname was 'task force lynch'? END
START what was the 106 mile push through enemy territory called? END
START who was defeated near seoul, korea? END
START who was sent to korea to act as an advisor to kim il-sung? END
START why did kim il-sung redeploy his military troops? END
START who was not being briefed on the operational plans or the number of troops in combat? END
START when was it advised for north koreans to attempt to defeat the opposing forces at inchon? END
START what emergency session was called by stalin? END
START how many troops made it back to the kpa lines after retreating? END
START who was held responsible for the defeat of north korean troops? END
START who reclaimed the seoul? END
START what city was left vulnerable by north korea's quick retreat? END
START what memorandum stated the circumstances for engaging in conflict above the 38th parallel? END
START who controlled the newly restored government of the republic of korea? END
START who sent a message to macarthur giving him the authority to proceed past the 38th parallel? END
START who executed people who were believed to be loyal to north korea? END
START what year did the executions stop? END
START who vowed to intervene if the us was to engage in conflict north of the 38th parallel? END
START the tactics zhou enlai advised the north koreans to use during their withdrawal was the same the chinese used to escape event? END
START who believes that the north koreans only appeared to fail to effective execute their withdrawal plan? END
START what may have been north korea's goal in the way they rapidly withdrew from south korea? END
START who's control did the chinese communists escape in the 1930's? END
START who issued a statement calling for north korea's unconditional surrender? END
START who authorized giving troops the ability to follow the north korean forces north? END
START how did the 187 airborne regimental combat team prevent north korean leaders from fleeing? END
START how many north korean prisoners of war were held by un forces? END
START what did president truman do to prevent hostilities between the people's republic of china and taiwan? END
START what year did china decide to enter the war? END
START what provoked china to join the war? END
START where did mao zedong declare that he would intervene in the korean conflict? END
START what was discussed at the emergency talks held by chinese leaders? END
START who was a proponent for intervening in korea? END
START who was lin biao replaced with when he declined to lead the chinese troops in korea? END
START who convinced the chinese leaders who were against entering the war that it was a good idea? END
START what did mao zedong's reinvented pla north east frontier force become? END
START where did zhou travel with a chinese delegation to convince stalin to support china? END
START how long did the soviet air force need to prepare to assist END
START where did stalin say he would allow the soviet air force to operate for a limited amount of time? END
START when did stalin agree to send china any type of support? END
START where did the fighting take place that rendered soviet air support useless to the chinese? END
START what made seeing the pva units difficult during the day? END
START what were pva troops told to do when planes flew by? END
START how many days did it take pva forces to march 286 miles? END
START what were pva officers supposed to do if troops disobeyed the security protocol? END
START when would pva forces march to minimize the chances of being seen? END
START who did not capture the city of namchonjam? END
START what was the capital city in the north? END
START where did kim il-sung temporarily move the capital? END
START what caused the north koreans to move their capital for the second time? END
START when was pyongyang captured? END
START where did president truman and general macarthur meet on october 15, 1950? END
START who refused to meet on continental united states? END
START what was president truman told at this meeting? END
START who was not concerned about the idea of chinese troops moving south into korea? END
START what was believed would happen if the chinese entered the conflict? END
START who initiated the first phase offensive? END
START who did the first phase offensive motivated to send more troops and resources to korea? END
START when did the chinese and us military have their first confrontation in korea? END
START where did un forces retreat to when the pva executed their sneak attack? END
START what is unusual about the pva's successful, surprise attack? END
START whose retreat during the korean war was the longest in the history of the us army? END
START whose actions helped the eighth army be able to retreat? END
START how many casualties did the 1st marines face at the battle of chosin reservoir? END
START what tactics of the pva were us and rok troops not prepared to handle? END
START who did the pva 13th army group force out of northwest korea? END
START whose death was not a direct casualty of the war? END
START why did the x corps leave hungnam? END
START what effect did the death of general walton walker have on the troops? END
START what was the name of the ship responsible for undertaking the largest rescue operation by a single ship? END
START what did the presidential proclamation no. 2914, 3 1950 do? END
START what year was the presidential proclamation lifted? END
START who was stripped of their commanding rights by china? END
START what country was condemned for their participation in the conflict in korea? END
START what is the third phase offensive also known as? END
START why goals were accomplished the the kpa and pva's use gongs during these attacks? END
START how did some un troops react to the use of noise? END
START what did the pva and kpa gain by using the tactics during the third phase offensive END
START who was commanding the u.s. eight army at the time of the third phase offensive? END
START why was the pva unable to advance beyond seoul? END
START what caused general ridgway to initiate operation roundup? END
START what facilitated the success of operation roundup? END
START what city was recaptured as a result of the ridgway's operation? END
START how was the pva transporting supplies at one point? END
START what to be achieved by the sancheong-hamyang and geochang massacres in south korea? END
START who's attack resulted in victory at hoengseong? END
START what is considered to be the the korean war's equivalent to gettysburg? END
START what did the french battalion's efforts do to the pva forces? END
START how many pva soldiers fought in this battle and lost? END
START what operation was initiated after the successful operation roundup? END
START what the the goal of the operation that followed operation roundup? END
START what signified the end of operation killer? END
START how many times was seoul captured in a year? END
START other than the drastic decrease in population, what other issue did the people in seoul face? END
START why did stalin send two air forces divisions and other assistance to the chinese? END
START what issues plagued the pva throughout the war? END
START what was a great concern of many chinese troops? END
START what was zhou's ineffective response to the issue plaguing the pva? END
START what did china introduce to the war in 1951? END
START who was relieved from his duties as commander in korea? END
START who did not have faith in macarthur's claim that victory was the only respectable outcome? END
START what mistake did macarthur make regarding the 38th parallel? END
START what did truman want to see happen in korea? END
START whose involvement in the war was found to be in violation of the constitution? END
START who was appointed supreme commander in korea after the removal of general macarthur? END
START what was the goal of operation tomahawk? END
START who was responsible for supply humanitarian aid to civilians? END
START under the guidance of generals van fleet and ridgway, joint forces were able to achieve what goal? END
START what was the fifth phase of the chinese counter initiative called? END
START what may have began as an effective series of attacks by the chinese regained what area? END
START what ended with the armistice of 1953? END
START how many armies did the chinese use in the fifth phase offensive? END
START where was line kansas located? END
START where did armistice negotiations occur? END
START what did the un command want to achieve with the armistice talks? END
START what tactics were used by the pva to coax the un command to continuing the war? END
START was there a cease fire during the talks? END
START who directed the armistice negotiation for the chinese? END
START when was the battle of white horse? END
START what year was the battle of bloody ridge? END
START what was the shortest of the major battles fought during the stalemate? END
START did the un troops or chinese troops experience more war casualties? END
START what did zhou enlai do as a result of the significant amount of chinese casualties? END
START what was the purpose of the shengyang meeting? END
START did the actions of the chinese fix their problems? END
START who believed that neither side would see a victory at the end of the korean war? END
START what meeting was conducted to discuss the pva's problems? END
START what actions were taken to help the pva? END
START who ended up in charge of logistics as a result of the restructuring of the pva? END
START how long did the armistice talks last? END
START what issues stalled the armistice talks? END
START what was deemed unacceptable to north koreans and the chinese during pow negotiations? END
START when was the armistice agreement finally signed? END
START what was established to deal with the issues surrounding prisoners of war? END
START who did the us elect as president during the korean war? END
START who approved the korean war armistice that officially declared a ceasefire? END
START what area was created by the parties involved in the korean conflict? END
START along with the joint un commands, roka and kpa, what country also still patrols the demilitarized zone? END
START what was one of the first things that the newly-elected dwight eisenhower did after the election? END
START where is the capital city of kaesong now located? END
START what area is directly north and south of the 38th parallel? END
START when was the armistice agreement signed? END
START was there ever an official peace treaty after the war? END
START who believes that they were victorious in the war? END
START what was the point of operation glory? END
START how many us service members were exchanged during this operation? END
START where are the remains of the 416 unidentified soldiers who died in the korean war? END
START how many remains were recovered from the sino-korean border between 1996 and 2006? END
START why is north korea insisting that the 1953 armistice was violated? END
START when did north korea call an end to the armistice? END
START in 2013, who what country did north korea declare war on? END
START what weapon does north korea claim it now has the ability to use? END
START how does the united states view north korea's threats?  END
START what form of attack was an effective measure of slowing korean armor? END
START what weapon did the the kpa use that was successful early in the korean conflict? END
START what helped the un forces and shifted the war in their favor? END
START what actions of the un also helped them improve their results during the war? END
START how many tanks were in the north korean tank corps? END
START why were naval skirmishes not really seen in the korean war? END
START who pretty much gained and maintained control of the sea? END
START who dominated any battles that may have taken place at sea? END
START where was the last sea battle of the korean war? END
START what type of ships did the us spend most of its time sinking? END
START what weapon posed a significant threat to us navy ships? END
START how many us warships were damaged by gun fire and mines? END
START where were the majority of us naval patrols of korea? END
START who denied having anything more than an advisory role in the korean war? END
START who ignored the direct participation of the soviet union to prevent expanding the korean war to the soviet union? END
START what may have occurred if the war was expanded to the soviet union? END
START what did the soviet pilots start doing when accused of playing an integral role in the korean war? END
START who feared engaging in direct conflict with the united states? END
START what plane did the us send to korea to counter the power of the mig-15? END
START to mitigate the loses of the b-29, what did the us air force do? END
START what was the mig designed to be? END
START what are the rights of a content creator that has their work protected? END
START how do creators of content protect their work from infringement? END
START who is protected by copyright laws? END
START what is it called when someone uploads a video to youtube without the creators permission? END
START you wrote a song that was based on an original work, what is this called? END
START how do creators of content not protect their work from infringement? END
START what are the rights of a content creator that has their work unprotected? END
START who is unprotected by copyright laws? END
START you wrote a song that was based on an unoriginal work, what is this called? END
START what is it called when someone uploads a video to youtube with the creators permission? END
START how are disputes resolved for small scale infringement? END
START why has copyright infringement increased recently? END
START what are two examples of groups that allow you to make copies of protected works? END
START what are content creation industries focusing on doing to prevent infringement? END
START what can happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale? END
START what are two examples of groups that allow you to obtain copies of protected works? END
START how are disputes unresolved for small scale infringement? END
START why has copyright infringement decreased recently? END
START what are content creation industries focusing on doing to aid infringement? END
START what can't happen to people who commit copyright infringement on a mass-scale? END
START what are two examples of groups that disallow you to make copies of protected works? END
START what terms are often linked to people who illegally use or distribute content that is not their own? END
START what means the same as robbery or illegal violence at sea? END
START what kind of property is copyright used for? END
START what is the difference between robbery and piracy? END
START in the 1980's, the supreme court ruled that infringement does not equal what? END
START what terms are often linked to people who legally use or distribute content that is not their own? END
START what doesn't mean the same as robbery or illegal violence at sea? END
START what kind of property is copyright not used for? END
START what is the same about robbery and piracy? END
START in the 1980's, the supreme court ruled that infringement equals what? END
START what did the royal charter give to the stationers' company of london? END
START how does article 12 of the 1886 berne convention for the protection of literary and artistic works use the term piracy? END
START what would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original is protected by copyright law? END
START when was the agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights enacted? END
START piracy has been more recently described online in relation to what? END
START what did the royal charter not give to the stationers' company of london? END
START how does article 21 of the 1886 berne convention for the protection of literary and artistic works use the term piracy? END
START what would happen if you imported a copyrighted work into a country where the original isn't protected by copyright law? END
START when was the agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights repealed? END
START piracy has been less recently described online in relation to what? END
START when you are accused theft as it relates to copyright law, you are exercising exclusive rights without what? END
START what have courts said there is a difference between? END
START in dowling v. united states, what did bootleg records not constitute? END
START what is the separate term of art to define misappropriation of copyright? END
START what did the court say was invaded? END
START when you are accused theft as it relates to copyright law, you are exercising exclusive rights with what? END
START what haven't courts said there is a difference between? END
START in dowling v. united states, what did bootleg records constitute? END
START what is the separate term of art to define appropriation of copyright? END
START what did the court say was evaded? END
START what is a possible cause of copyright infringement? END
START who did texas software company apptricity write software for? END
START how many users were paid for in 2004? END
START how much was the lawsuit settled for? END
START who is an example of a major anti-piracy organization? END
START what is an impossible cause of copyright infringement? END
START who did texas software company apptricity write hardware for? END
START how many users weren't paid for in 2004? END
START how much was the lawsuit rejected for? END
START who is an example of a minor anti-piracy organization? END
START what did cara cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people want? END
START what had the festival done for the past three years when the statement by cara cusumano was made? END
START it was the first year of tribeca featuring a showcase of producers who do what? END
START what behavior is not just done by people who want content for free? END
START what did cara cusumano say about piracy in 2013 that people want? END
START what did cara cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people don't want? END
START what had the festival not done for the past three years when the statement by cara cusumano was made? END
START it was the last year of tribeca featuring a showcase of producers who do what? END
START what behavior is just done by people who want content for free? END
START who made clear the motivations of the filmmakers? END
START who encourages watching movies at a theater as making money from the film? END
START what is restricted to ensure the largest number of people see a movie at the theater? END
START what is restricted unless the film has a traditional theater release? END
START who made unclear the motivations of the filmmakers? END
START who discourages watching movies at a theater as making money from the film? END
START what is restricted to ensure the smallest number of people see a movie at the theater? END
START what is restricted to ensure the largest number of people see a movie at home? END
START what is unrestricted unless the film has a traditional theater release? END
START what researchers conducted a study in the early part of may 2014? END
START how many people were part of the study? END
START what was the age range of people studied? END
START who did downloaders want to help by avoiding studios and record companies? END
START what researchers conducted a study in the later part of may 2014? END
START how many people weren't part of the study? END
START what was the age range of dogs studied? END
START who did uploaders want to help by avoiding studios and record companies? END
START who did downloaders want to hurt by avoiding studios and record companies? END
START even though piracy adds costs to production, what else is offered to developing countries? END
START what do the tradeoffs of digital piracy support? END
START in what country is the issue of digital infringement social? END
START what is in high demand in this country? END
START what does the government of this country provide to businesses that produce content? END
START even though piracy adds costs to production, what else is offered to established countries? END
START what don't the tradeoffs of digital piracy support? END
START in what country is the issue of digital infringement anti-social? END
START what is in low demand in this country? END
START what does the government of this country provide to non-businesses that produce content? END
START what happens when a country bans a movie? END
START who did documentary maker ilinca calugareanu write an article for? END
START what was irina margareta nistor's job in romania? END
START what did a visitor give to nistor? END
START how many movies did nistor dub for secret viewings in romania? END
START what happens when a country accepts a movie? END
START who did documentary maker ilinca calugareanu draw a picture for? END
START what was irina margareta nistor's job in bulgaria? END
START how many movies did nistor dub for public viewings in romania? END
START what did a visitor take from nistor? END
START in the u.s., where is copyright infringement contested? END
START who did mgm studios file a lawsuit against? END
START in 2005, who did the supreme court rule in favor of? END
START what did p2p file sharing services market themselves as? END
START what studio's case decision was not overturned? END
START in the u.s., where is copyright infringement uncontested? END
START who did mgm studios not file a lawsuit against? END
START in 2015, who did the supreme court rule in favor of? END
START what did p2p file sharing services not market themselves as? END
START what studio's case decision was overturned? END
START who can be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in some jurisdictions? END
START what do outside lawyers take infringers to court for? END
START what do critics usually call these lawyers? END
START what do these lawsuits have in the u.s.? END
START who can't be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in some jurisdictions? END
START who can be assigned a contract to enforce a copyright in all jurisdictions? END
START what do inside lawyers take infringers to court for? END
START what do critics never call these lawyers? END
START what don't these lawsuits have in the u.s.? END
START when was the first criminal part of copyright law in the u.s. added? END
START what type of penalty was made for unlawful performances that are willful and for profit? END
START what did a criminal infringer do to be prosecuted? END
START what must a prosecuter show after the basic elements of infringement? END
START what is the threshold of the number of copies and the value of the works? END
START when was the last criminal part of copyright law in the u.s. added? END
START what type of penalty was made for lawful performances that are willful and for profit? END
START what did a criminal infringer not do to be prosecuted? END
START what mustn't a prosecuter show after the basic elements of infringement? END
START what isn't the threshold of the number of copies and the value of the works? END
START when was united states v. lamacchia contested? END
START at the time, what infringement could not be prosecuted under criminal copyright law? END
START what loophole did the ruling give rise to? END
START if there is no profit involved, what would happen to criminal charges of fraud? END
START when was united states v. lamacchia not contested? END
START at the time, what infringement could be prosecuted under criminal copyright law? END
START what loophole didn't the ruling give rise to? END
START what loophole did the ruling kill? END
START if there is profit involved, what would happen to criminal charges of fraud? END
START what federal law did the united states pass in 1997, in response to the lamacchia loophole? END
START what is the maximum prison time for infringement under the new law? END
START what is the maximum monetary fine under the new law? END
START how much were statutory damages raised by? END
START what was the law called that let people be immune to prosecution? END
START what federal law did the united states pass in 1999, in response to the lamacchia loophole? END
START what is the minimum prison time for infringement under the new law? END
START what is the minimum monetary fine under the new law? END
START how much were statutory damages lowered by? END
START what was the law called that let people be immune to persecution? END
START what directive in 2001 let european union countries to enact laws that allowed making copies for personal use? END
START what was the directive not intended for? END
START compensation to the rights-holder is generally a levy or what else? END
START what is an example of a country that has no levies collected? END
START what are examples of general purpose storage devices? END
START what directive in 2010 let european union countries to enact laws that allowed making copies for personal use? END
START what was the directive intended for? END
START compensation to the rights-holder is never a levy or what else? END
START what is an example of a country that has all levies collected? END
START what are examples of specific purpose storage devices? END
START what does the personal copying exemption explicitly need? END
START what is an example of a country that the exemption was assumed? END
START when did the court of justice of the eu make a ruling about distinction? END
START in which country is downloading from a file-sharing network no longer legal? END
START what does the personal copying exemption explicitly not need? END
START what is an example of a country that the exemption wasn't assumed? END
START when didn't the court of justice of the eu make a ruling about distinction? END
START in which country is uploading from a file-sharing network no longer legal? END
START in which country is downloading from a file-sharing network always legal? END
START what is the u.s. law that uses the wipo copyright as it's title i? END
START what is it called when someone intentionally breaks encryption on a movie or game? END
START anticircumvention exemptions are generally seen to be be what? END
START what are child safety and public library software used to filter? END
START what is the u.s. law that doesn't use the wipo copyright as it's title i? END
START what is the u.n. law that uses the wipo copyright as it's title i? END
START what is it called when someone unintentionally breaks encryption on a movie or game? END
START anticircumvention exemptions are generally not seen to be what? END
START what are adult safety and public library software used to filter? END
START what includes internet portals, software and games? END
START what examples provide virtual information? END
START news, universities and libraries and archives are examples of what? END
START what is an important element of the world wide web? END
START what excludes internet portals, software and games? END
START what includes internet portals, hardware and games? END
START what examples provide actual information? END
START news, universities and libraries and archives aren't examples of what? END
START what is an unimportant element of the world wide web? END
START who did early court cases focus on? END
START what could be sued for under civil or criminal law? END
START what was the result of early law on online liability? END
START when were the first laws of liability passed? END
START who didn't early court cases focus on? END
START who did late court cases focus on? END
START what couldn't be sued for under civil or criminal law? END
START what was the result of early law on offline liability? END
START when were the last laws of liability passed? END
START what law enacted in the u.s. in 1998 gave online intermediaries limited statutory immunity? END
START how is this law characterized in the u.s.? END
START in the e.u., what are the governing principles for isp's? END
START what is it called when intermediaries cannot be given an order by governments to monitor what happens on their services? END
START what was attempted to be amended in 2009 to support new ways to prevent copyright infringement? END
START what law rejected in the u.s. in 1998 gave online intermediaries limited statutory immunity? END
START how is this law characterized in the u.n.? END
START in the e.u., what aren't the governing principles for isp's? END
START what is it called when intermediaries cannot be given an order by governments to ignore what happens on their services? END
START what was attempted to be amended in 2007 to support new ways to prevent copyright infringement? END
START what do certain type of intermediaries not do? END
START what protocol do intermediaries use that include a torrent tracker? END
START what do torrent files not contain? END
START what is a torrent site that uses magnet links to share peer-to-peer? END
START what do certain type of intermediaries do? END
START what protocol do intermediaries not use that include a torrent tracker? END
START what protocol do intermediaries use that exclude a torrent tracker? END
START what do torrent files contain? END
START what is a torrent site that uses magnet links to block peer-to-peer? END
START what is the legal status of secondary liability? END
START what makes peer-to-peer networks different than other online providers? END
START what was the initial purpose of the bittorrent protocol? END
START what are the reasons for more complex network configurations in peer-to-peer software development? END
START what is the legal status of primary liability? END
START what makes peer-to-peer networks the same as other online providers? END
START what was the final purpose of the bittorrent protocol? END
START what wasn't the initial purpose of the bittorrent protocol? END
START what are the reasons for more simple network configurations in peer-to-peer software development? END
START what does article 10 of the berne convention call certain uses that limit copyright? END
START where are minimal quotations commonly used? END
START what categories do works that would normally be considered infringing fall into? END
START what do these statutes represent? END
START what are these statutes essential to? END
START what does article 11 of the berne convention call certain uses that limit copyright? END
START what does article 10 of the berne convention not call certain uses that limit copyright? END
START where are maximum quotations commonly used? END
START what categories do work that wouldn't normally be considered infringing fall into? END
START what don't these statutes represent? END
START what is it called when a law disallows copyright owners from denying a license for certain uses? END
START what are two examples of this licensing? END
START what happens if a royalty is paid to the copyright owner or representative? END
START what country has fair dealing laws? END
START what is it called when a law allows copyright owners from denying a license for certain uses? END
START what is it called when a law disallows copyright owners from accepting a license for certain uses? END
START what aren't two examples of this licensing? END
START what happens if a royalty isn't paid to the copyright owner or representative? END
START what country has no fair dealing laws? END
START where was the public relations consultants association ltd v newspaper licensing agency ltd case contested? END
START whose copyright were news aggregators infringing on? END
START when was the second part of the case decided? END
START what did the courts rule was not infringement? END
START where was the private relations consultants association ltd v newspaper licensing agency ltd case contested? END
START where was the public relations consultants association ltd v newspaper licensing agency ltd case not contested? END
START whose copyright weren't news aggregators infringing on? END
START when was the second part of the case undecided? END
START what did the courts rule was infringement? END
START if a work must include a degree of originality, what else must it contain to be protected? END
START what is not protected? END
START what makes a copy of an original idea infringing? END
START what limitation is only embodied in case law, rather than statues? END
START if a work must exclude a degree of originality, what else must it contain to be protected? END
START if a work must include a degree of originality, what else mustn't it contain to be protected? END
START what is protected? END
START what makes a copy of an unoriginal idea infringing? END
START what limitation is only embodied in case law, and also in statues? END
START which country needs a similarity requirement to determine if the work was copied? END
START what test might courts require software to pass to determine if it is protected or infringing? END
START what has software case law determined about r&d, effort and expense put into creation? END
START which country needs a similarity requirement to determine if the work wasn't copied? END
START which country doesn't need a similarity requirement to determine if the work was copied? END
START what test might courts require hardware to pass to determine if it is protected or infringing? END
START what test might courts require software to pass to determine if it isn't protected or infringing? END
START what has hardware case law determined about r&d, effort and expense put into creation? END
START who takes different steps to prevent infringement? END
START what is the major focus of these steps? END
START what kinds of legislation are a strategy for preventing infringement? END
START what does drm and anti-circumvention laws do? END
START who takes different steps to allow infringement? END
START who never takes different steps to prevent infringement? END
START what is the minor focus of these steps? END
START what kinds of legislation aren't a strategy for preventing infringement? END
START what doesn't drm and anti-circumvention laws do? END
START how have governments lowered infringement rates? END
START besides upholding international treaty, what else have countries done specifically to digital works and uses? END
START what law in the us considers digital transmission of audio to be licensed if certain conditions are met? END
START what else does this law provide to service providers? END
START who does this law target? END
START how have governments increased infringement rates? END
START besides upholding international treaty, what else haven't countries done specifically to digital works and uses? END
START what law in the un considers digital transmission of audio to be licensed if certain conditions are met? END
START what else doesn't this law provide to service providers? END
START who doesn't this law target? END
START what do some copyright owners do by reducing the scope of infringement? END
START what must a user do under a prepared license? END
START besides lessening the burden on the courts, what is the effect of this license? END
START what is an example of a free software license? END
START what works do creative commons licenses generally apply to? END
START what do some copyright owners do by increasing the scope of infringement? END
START what mustn't a user do under a prepared license? END
START besides heightening the burden on the courts, what is the effect of this license? END
START what is an example of a paid software license? END
START what works do creative commons licenses generally not apply to? END
START how long is a movie typically released in theaters for? END
START during this time, how are digital versions of the movie transported in data storage devices? END
START what can be done to a movie to only allow it to show at certain times? END
START what can be coded to films to find the source of illegal copies? END
START what inferior versions of movies are available for piracy during the theatrical run of a movie called? END
START how long is a movie atypically released in theaters for? END
START during this time, how aren't digital versions of the movie transported in data storage devices? END
START what can't be done to a movie to only allow it to show at certain times? END
START what can be coded to films to find the source of legal copies? END
START what superior versions of movies are available for piracy during the theatrical run of a movie called? END
START what 2010 body found how difficult it is to accurately report the financial impact of infringement? END
START how many commanly cited estimates did the body report on? END
START what did the fbi use as a source? END
START what report said the data could not be substantiated or traced to a reliable data source? END
START what 2010 body found how easy it is to accurately report the financial impact of infringement? END
START what 2010 body found how difficult it is to inaccurately report the financial impact of infringement? END
START how many uncommonly cited estimates did the body report on? END
START what didn't the fbi use as a source? END
START what report said the data could be substantiated or traced to a reliable data source? END
START who did a study in 2007 regarding the five countries with the highest rates of software piracy? END
START which country had the lowest rate of software piracy? END
START which region had the highest loss? END
START how much did the eu lose? END
START where was the lowest amount of u.s. dollars lost? END
START who did a study in 2000 regarding the five countries with the highest rates of software piracy? END
START who did a study in 2007 regarding the five cities with the highest rates of software piracy? END
START which country had the highest rate of hardware piracy? END
START which region had the highest gain? END
START how much did the eu gain? END
START who else did the bsa issues a report in 2011 with? END
START what percentage of people admit to pirating software? END
START what was the commercial value of pirated software in 2011? END
START what nation had the higest piracy rate? END
START what was the u.s.'s piracy rate? END
START who else did the bsa issues a report in 2001 with? END
START what percentage of people admit to pirating hardware? END
START what was the commercial value of pirated hardware in 2011? END
START what nation had the lowest nonpiracy rate? END
START what was the u.n.'s piracy rate? END
START who reported that piracy took $12.5 billion from the u.s. economy? END
START how much money have retailers lost? END
START how many production-level jobs were lost? END
START which government lost $422 million in potential tax money? END
START who reported that piracy gained $12.5 billion for the u.s. economy? END
START how much money have retailers made? END
START how many production-level jobs were gained? END
START how many production-level jobs weren't lost? END
START which government made $422 million in potential tax money? END
START what book did professor aram sinnreich write? END
START what did sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site? END
START what was the industry going through? END
START what does he call the merging of economic, political and technological forces that drove the music industry? END
START what book did professor aram sinnreich read? END
START what book didn't professor aram sinnreich write? END
START what didn't sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site? END
START what wasn't the industry going through? END
START what doesn't he call the merging of economic, political and technological forces that drove the music industry? END
START what was the estimated total value of pirated software in 2010? END
START who accounted for over half the total? END
START  what did the established markets receive for the first time? END
START what country has the highest retail value of software? END
START what percentage of software in africa is illegal? END
START what was the estimated total value of pirated software in 2000? END
START what was the known total value of pirated software in 2010? END
START who accounted for less than half the total? END
START what did the established markets receive for the last time? END
START what country has the lowest retail value of software? END
START on what peninsula is greece located? END
START how many geographic regions make up greece? END
START how long is the coastline of greece? END
START how many of greece's islands are inhabited? END
START what is the tallest mountain in greece? END
START who was the first person to bring all of greece together? END
START who was the son of philip of macedon? END
START greece came part of what empire in the 2nd century bc? END
START when was the greek orthodox church started? END
START what year is considered the beginning of modern greece? END
START greece is one of the members who founded what organization? END
START which political philosophy does greece follow? END
START when did greece join the eurozone? END
START greece has the biggest economic power where? END
START what is one of the names the greeks call their country? END
START what is the official name of greece? END
START from what word is greece derived? END
START what does the work graecia mean? END
START who called greece graecia? END
START humans in the balkans have been dated to what year? END
START evidence of the earliest humans were found in what subterranean formation? END
START the franchthi cave has evidence of what 3 ancient eras? END
START greece has evidence of stone age people during what time period? END
START what activity led to greece having some of the earliest stone age settlements? END
START ancient greece is considered to be where what was born? END
START what was the last civilization to rule greece? END
START the mycenaean civilization deteriorated in what time period?  END
START around 1200 bc, what was the fall of the regional civilizations called? END
START what is the time period called from which no writing can be found. END
START when did the olympic game begin? END
START the literary work "the odyssey:, was written by whom? END
START what year is considered the be the last of the dark ages? END
START magna graecia is latin for what term? END
START in what year is democracy considered to have begun? END
START in 500 bc, greece was ruled over by who? END
START what battle did persia lose in 490 bc? END
START the spartans made their last stand at what battle location? END
START the battles between the greeks and persians are known as what? END
START after the persians left europe, the time period that followed was called what? END
START the war from 431-404 bc is known as what?  END
START what often caused strife between greek states? END
START who won the peloponnesian war? END
START who eventually brought the greeks together? END
START who was the first leader of a unified greece? END
START who controlled macedon after alexander died? END
START the roman empire became more controlling of greece starting in what year? END
START macedon lost what war in 168 bc? END
START in what year did greece become a part of rome? END
START the end of antigonid rule began in what year? END
START what roman emperor became the ruler of all of greece? END
START what saying by horace became famous? END
START what famous roman figure visited greece in 66 ad? END
START what famous grecian author inspired later authors and their works? END
START what hero of rome studied greek philosophy and science? END
START in what language was the first book of the bible conceived? END
START what religion did early greece practice? END
START the olympics were last held in ancient greece in what year?  END
START paganism was forbidden by what roman emperor? END
START which emperor closed the school in athens? END
START when did the slavs invade greece? END
START what invading marauders caused havoc in the balkans during the 4th century. END
START after the slav's invaded, the government only controlled what areas? END
START the byzantine began taking back territories during the last of what century? END
START the byzantine had control over most of greece in what century? END
START slavs that were caught were moved to what area? END
START a stable greece allowed it to have what? END
START greece was split into sections of different rulers in what year? END
START constantinople once again became a capital  in what year? END
START the grecian islands in the 14th century were under the control of who? END
START in 1261 constantinople was the capital for which empire? END
START a lot of greece was lost by whom in the 14th century? END
START at the start of 15th century, the biggest byzantine city was what? END
START constantinople was overcome by who in 1453? END
START the ottomans controlled mainland greece in what year? END
START who had a large impact on the renaissance?  END
START the ottomans controlled what islands b y the end of the 15th century? END
START the venetians had control of which two islands in the 15th century? END
START the ottomans took which islands from the venetians? END
START in what year were the ionian islands captured by the french? END
START who gained control of the ionian islands in 1809? END
START due to discrimination, some christians converted to what religion? END
START what is the name of one of the churches that ruled over the christian population? END
START which empire thought that christians were inferior? END
START the battle of of lepanto took place in what year? END
START the morean war took place during which years? END
START the orlov revolt took place in what year? END
START the orlov revolt was for which nation's supposed benefit? END
START during battles of the 1600 and 1700's, the greeks usually fought against who? END
START greece's dark ages is thought of as what time periods? END
START greek merchants ruled the trade industry in which century? END
START who published greek documents that espoused greek independence? END
START rigas feraios was killed by ottoman assassins in what year?  END
START in which year did the society of friends begin? END
START the society of friends goal was what? END
START the society of friends was also known by what name? END
START the first of several revolutions began when? END
START war was started with the ottomans when? END
START in what year did the greeks take tripolitsa? END
START who was the leader of the greek revolt in 1821? END
START the greek and ottoman navy fought in which waters? END
START turks and egyptians attacked greek island in what years? END
START how many successive civil wars occurred between greek clans? END
START who did egypt send to greece with an army? END
START ibrahim pasha landed with his army when? END
START in what year did missolonghi fall to the egyptians? END
START ibrahim pasha finally faced defeat where? END
START what three countries sent their navy to greece? END
START which navy's ships intended to attack hydra? END
START which navy won the battle of hydra? END
START the recognition of a greek state happened in what year? END
START what was the agreement that recognized greece as a state called? END
START in 1893 greece announced what? END
START to pay off the people they owed, greece had to accept what? END
START the people of greece that had higher education saw what dialect as beneath them? END
START a hot topic in greece in the 19th century was what? END
START war between russia and the ottomans began in what year? END
START a revolt lasted for 3 years on which greek island? END
START in what year did the treaty of berlin occur? END
START what divided greece into two political groups? END
START how many governments did greece have in world war 1? END
START when greece entered world war i, on whose side did they fight? END
START greece's multiple governments came together in what year? END
START what years did the greco-turkish war take place? END
START after world war i, greece wanted to expand into what area? END
START an exchange of people between greece and turkey took place under what agreement? END
START in what time period did the genocide of greeks take place? END
START who caused the deaths of thousands of greeks? END
START how many greek refugees came from turkey? END
START pontian and cappadocian refugees were relocated to where? END
START demotic speaking greek refugees were placed where? END
START the greek monarchy was abolished when? END
START in 1924, what was established? END
START who became the greek leader in 1935? END
START the greek monarchy was reestablished by who? END
START in what year did a coup take place and new dictatorship form? END
START how many greeks starved due to nazi occupation? END
START in what years did thousands of greeks starve? END
START what civilian group in greece fought against nazi occupation? END
START how many greek citizens were displace due to nazi retaliations? END
START who founded the pasok? END
START what does pasok stand for? END
START in what year did greece rejoin nato? END
START greece joined what later became the european union when? END
START earthquakes hit both greece and turkey in which year? END
START greece is where geographically? END
START where does greece's coastline place in world rankings? END
START how long is greece's coastline? END
START how tall is mount olympus? END
START the tallest mountain in the pindus range is what? END
START how tall is mt. smolikas? END
START where does the pindus mountain range end? END
START islands in the aegean sea are formed by what? END
START what is the deepest gorge in the world? END
START the saronic gulf is near what city? END
START the cyclade islands are located where? END
START the north aegean islands are located where? END
START the dodecanese islands are located where? END
START the sporades islands are located where? END
START greece's climate is mainly of what type? END
START greece's climate is affected by what range? END
START east of the pindus mountains, the climate is drier due to what? END
START the climate of greece in the northwest is known as what? END
START the alpine climate of greece gets what kind of weather? END
START northern greece inland features what type of climate? END
START it has been known to snow even in what southern city? END
START greece's plant distribution belongs to what? END
START how many ecoregions occupies greece? END
START the pindus and balkan ecoregions are known as what? END
START the crete ecoregion is known as what? END
START the illyrian ecoregion is known as what? END
START what type of republic is greece? END
START what is the title of the leader of greece? END
START who elects the president of greece? END
START how long does the president of greece serve? END
START greece's constitution has how many articles? END
START the constitution was amended to reduce the president's power in what year? END
START who has the most political power in greece? END
START the prime minister is elected by who? END
START who formally names the prime minister? END
START how many members are in greece's parliament?  END
START how often are elections help for parliament? END
START parliamentary statutes are put into effect by who?  END
START in may 2012, who started the parliamentary elections? END
START what led to the loss of power of traditional greek parties?  END
START who became the second major party after the elections? END
START what caused the second election of 2012?  END
START what was the demographic result of the second election? END
START who is the head for greece's foreign policy? END
START who is the present minister of foreign affairs? END
START the goal of the ministry of foreign affairs is what? END
START greece is though of as what kind of power? END
START greece has how much strategic importance? END
START what type of military service does greece require? END
START can females be drafted into the military? END
START what is the length of military service required of men? END
START at what age might men required to serve in the national guard? END
START how many regions exist in greece since 2011? END
START how many municipalities exist in greece?  END
START what went into effect on january 1, 2011? END
START what is the one autonomous area in greece? END
START where is mount athos located? END
START the largest sector of greece's economy is what? END
START what percentage of the economy is greece's service sector? END
START what percentage of the economy does agriculture comprise? END
START how many tourist visited greece in 2009? END
START greece holds what rank among most visited countries in the world? END
START greece's economy is what size? END
START what rank does greece hold as an albania investor? END
START what rank does greece hold as an bulgaria investor? END
START greece is the largest foreign investor of what area?  END
START ote is known as what? END
START what classification does the greek economy hold? END
START greece help found what economic organizations? END
START when was greece accepted into the european union? END
START when did greece start using the euro as its currency? END
START what was greece's former currency? END
START what was used to hide debts? END
START swaps allow greece to do what? END
START what other country hid its debt through swaps? END
START what can legally be overcome with swaps? END
START where is the greek merchant navy ranked? END
START how many ships does the greek merchant navy have? END
START where does greece rank in number of tankers? END
START where does most of greece's visitors come from? END
START how many of greece's visitors are from europe? END
START what is the single nation with the most visitors? END
START which part of greece is the most visited? END
START northern greece gets how many visitors? END
START how long is the greek railway system? END
START a current railway upgrade plans to do what? END
START a new modern rail connection has been made between which two cities? END
START in recent years, what usage has risen dramatically? END
START how much did internet usage increase in one year? END
START where does greece rank in the work with communications? END
START greece has been a member of what agency since 2005? END
START greece and esa signed their first agreement in what year? END
START when did /greece apply for esa membership? END
START greece is ranked as what member of esa? END
START greece became a full esa member when? END
START what greek scientist invented the pap test? END
START who found the tomb of philip ii of macedon? END
START what greek won the 2007 turing award? END
START what greek won the 2002 knuth prize? END
START what greek won the 2005 knuth prize? END
START what is the religious minority in greece? END
START the muslim minority is mostly located in what city? END
START immigrants from albania are usually what religion? END
START greek muslims were in a population exchange with what country? END
START how many greek natural citizens are catholic? END
START how many roman catholic immigrants are in greece? END
START how many protestants live in greece?  END
START how many churches does the biggest protestant denomination have? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses are in greece? END
START when did the greek language dispute take place? END
START when was the greek language katharevousa created? END
START which language was considered the language of the people? END
START what language was made the only official variation in 1976? END
START from which language did dimotiki evolve? END
START what is the language spoken by most greeks? END
START greeks who speak the pontic dialect came from where? END
START which greek dialect is barely spoken currently? END
START from which language did the tsakonian language derive?  END
START muslims make up how much of the greek population? END
START minority languages have been reduce due to what? END
START in parts of the country, romani is spoken by who? END
START what groups are called vlachs? END
START where are slavic speaking groups generally found? END
START macedonia has how many slavic speakers? END
START greece's jewish community spoke what language traditionally? END
START the urums are known to speak what dialect? END
START in 2001, how many greek residents were not citizens? END
START in 2001, what was the population percentage of resident non-citizens? END
START from where did most non-citizen residents come?  END
START what is the total albanian population in greece? END
START greece is a major destination for what to enter? END
START in 2012, most illegal immigrants entered greece from where? END
START immigrants arriving by sea are coming mainly for what reason? END
START how many immigrants arrived by sea in 2015? END
START what percentage of sea immigrants asked for asylum in greece? END
START paideia is also known as what? END
START the first european university was created in what city? END
START when was constantinople taken over by the ottoman? END
START greece's secondary education has how many school types? END
START what is one type of greece's secondary education? END
START what type of institute does secondary education also include? END
START what type of education do vocational institutes provide? END
START what is one of the education sectors according to the framework law? END
START how long do the tertiary institute courses last? END
START examinations for tertiary institutes are given at what grade level? END
START at what age may students be admitted to hellenic university through lottery? END
START what is the oldest university in the eastern mediterranean?  END
START what kind of health care exists in greece? END
START where does greece's health care system rank out of 191 countries surveyed? END
START what rank does greece hold for the condition of mothers and new born babies? END
START in 2010, how many hospitals were there in greece? END
START in 2011, plans were made to decrease hospitals to how many? END
START where did greece culture begin? END
START what do historians credit with revitalizing greek culture? END
START the evolution of grecian culture has evolved over what time period? END
START ancient greece was the birthplace of what? END
START what did greece's political philosophy affect? END
START greeks were pioneers in many scientific fields that require what? END
START modern greek theater began when? END
START modern greek theater was influenced by what? END
START what was the first theater of modern greece? END
START what was the first greek opera? END
START who created the first opera, the parliamentary candidate?  END
START which disciple of plato was considered the most important? END
START plato's philosophy attempted to explain life from what standpoint? END
START aristotle's philosophy was based from what standpoint?  END
START what is the name of two schools of philosophy? END
START what are two works by homer? END
START during what time period did homer write the iliad and the odyssey? END
START who were two major lyrical poets? END
START when did drama first begin in history? END
START what year did cinema first appear in greece? END
START in what year did the first cinema theater open in greece? END
START in 1914 what was the name of the film company that was founded? END
START what was the first greek feature film? END
START who directed the first nude scene in greek film history? END
START which time period is considered the golden age of greek cinema?  END
START during the greek cinema golden age, how many films were made each year? END
START who directed the movie o drakos in 1956? END
START who directed the movie stella in 1955?  END
START who wrote the movie stella in 1955? END
START what other famous movie did cacoyannis direct? END
START who starred in the movie zorba the greek? END
START what film won the palme d'or at cannes in 1998? END
START who directed the film eternity and a day? END
START what is a characteristic of the mediterranean diet?  END
START the epitome of the mediterranean diet are dishes from where? END
START what food can be traced back to ancient greece? END
START what is added to almost every dish in greece? END
START what is the name of one sweet dessert in greece? END
START what is one of the flavorings commonly used in greek mediterranean food?  END
START what is one of the sweet spices greeks like to use with meat? END
START greek vocal music goes back how far in history? END
START what is one of the musical instruments used in ancient greece?  END
START during ancient greece, at what age were boys taught music? END
START the eastern orthodox church resisted what change in music? END
START music without any form of instrumental accompaniment is known as what?  END
START one type of music derived from byzantine is called what? END
START what are the two cycles of the greek folk song? END
START between what centuries was the akritic cycle of greek song created? END
START which greek song cycle expresses the life of the greeks? END
START what was the forerunner of greek modern song? END
START athenian serenades were most successful during what time period? END
START what influenced greek modern song considerably? END
START what music began associated with the lower classes? END
START rebetiko was the base of what?  END
START one of the leading performers of the laiko genre is who? END
START through which islands was european classical music introduced to the greeks? END
START when was the first school of modern greek classical music formed? END
START who is considered the greek national school of music founder? END
START who is one 20th century greek composers that has had an impact on modern classical music? END
START what is one of the famous movies greek composers has scored? END
START who is one of the greek composers known for their film scores? END
START who is one of the notable greek opera singers in the 20th century? END
START how many time has greece participated in the eurovision song contest? END
START in what year did greece win the eurovision song contest? END
START what greek song won the eurovision song contest in 2005? END
START who performed the song, my number one, in the 2005 eurovision song contest? END
START where was the 51st eurovision song contest held? END
START greece is the birthplace of what sporting event? END
START the first olympic games was recorded in what year? END
START where were the first olympic games in 775 bc held? END
START during the olympic parade of nations, who is always called first? END
START what ranking does greece hold in all-time summer olympics gold medal count? END
START what ranking did the greek national football team hold in 2014. END
START greek was crowned the european champions in what event? END
START how many national teams have won the uefa european championship? END
START how many teams are in the greek super league? END
START who is one of the most successful teams in the greek super league? END
START the greek national basketball team held what world ranking in 2012? END
START the greek national basketball in 2012 held what ranking in europe? END
START how many times has the greek national basketball team won the european championship? END
START who did the greek basketball team beat in the 2006 fiba world championship? END
START what is the name of greece's top domestic basketball league? END
START in what year did greece's women's water polo team win the world championship? END
START which medal did greece's women's water polo team win at the 2004 summer olympics? END
START which medal did greece's women's water polo team win at the 2005 world league? END
START the greece men's water polo team held which world ranking in 2005? END
START who did greece men's water polo team beat in the 2005 world aquatics championships? END
START the greek men's national volleyball team has won how many bronze medals? END
START the greek men's national volleyball team came in what place in the olympic games? END
START what greek volleyball club is the most successful in the country? END
START who is the only greek volleyball club to win european titles? END
START where did the mythical greek gods live? END
START the main gods of ancient greece known as the what? END
START the most important of the ancient gods was who? END
START zeus was married to which goddess? END
START who was zeus's sister? END
START greek law says that every sunday of the year is a what? END
START how many official greek mandatory public holidays are there? END
START how many greek national holidays are there each year? END
START what is one of the holidays regulated by law as optional? END
START in 2012, what was the amount of the bailout? END
START how much debt to creditors was greece suppose to reduce? END
START in what year did greece realize a budget surplus? END
START how much did greece make from a bond sale in 2014? END
START after how many years did it take for greece to gain back growth in the economy? END
START alexander iii was the son of whom? END
START alexander iii invaded what empire after his father was killed? END
START what year did alexander iii invade persia? END
START the persian empire was conquered by alexander by what year? END
START in which year did alexander iii die? END
START in how many countries does shell have operations? END
START how many barrels of oil equivalent does shell produce per day? END
START shell has how many service stations worldwide? END
START what is the name of shell's subsidiary in the united states? END
START shell has minor renewable energy activities in which two areas? END
START how many barrels of gas does shell produce per day? END
START how many service stations does shell have in the us? END
START what does shell sell 3.1 million barrels of per day? END
START how many countries does shell have renewable energy activities in? END
START which aspect of the oil and gas industry is shell not active in? END
START the royal dutch shell group was created through the merger of which two rival companies? END
START what was the main reason for the creation of the royal dutch shell group? END
START in what year was the royal dutch shell group created? END
START in what year was the royal dutch petroleum company founded? END
START why was the royal dutch petroleum company created? END
START what was august kessler born? END
START what was hugo loudon's brother? END
START when was the samuel brothers' father's antique company created? END
START what was the name of marcus samuel's father's antique company? END
START what percent of ownership did the merger award the dutch branch? END
START what prevented a full-scale merger of the two companies? END
START what was the primary function of the anglo-saxon petroleum company? END
START the new firm operated as what type of company? END
START what percent of ownership of the new company was awarded to the british? END
START what encouraged a full-scale merger of the two companies? END
START what british company was in charge at the hague? END
START what city were both branches of the new firm located in? END
START what was the name of the dutch company in charge of transportation and storage? END
START why did the two companies function as a dual-unit partnership for business purposes? END
START in what year was it announced that the shell group would move to a single capital structure? END
START what was the name of the shell group's new parent company? END
START on what exchange was the shell group's new parent company primarily listed? END
START where was the royal dutch shell plc headquartered? END
START what was the cause of the period of turmoil prior to the announcement that the shell group would move to a single capital structure? END
START when was it discovered shell had been overstating its oil reserves? END
START when was shell listed on the lse? END
START when was royal dutch petroleum added to the nyse? END
START contrary to the original ownership, shareholders were given what disadvantage of the shell group? END
START what netherlands city housed the registered office? END
START in what year did shell and cosan form a 50:50 joint venture? END
START what was the name of the 50:50 joint venture formed by shell and cosan? END
START why did shell sell some of its assets in march 2010? END
START how much did shell plan to raise from the sale of its assets? END
START royal dutch shell agreed to acquire all the business of what entity in june 2010? END
START who did shell split with in 2010? END
START when did shell form a joint venture with raizen? END
START how much were the east resources' gas fields worth? END
START how much was shell's liquid petroleum gas business worth? END
START what did shell buy from cosan for $4.7 million? END
START which assets did the corporation begin to sell in 2013? END
START what was the value of the cancelled gas project that was to be contstructed in louisiana? END
START the appointment of a new ceo in 2014 came prior to what announcement? END
START in what year did the corporation sell the majority of its australian assets? END
START what was the value of assets the corporation planned to sell leading up to 2015? END
START who was the ceo in 2013? END
START how much was the 2013 sale of us shale gas assets worth? END
START where did shell begin selling us shale gas assets? END
START how much higher was the company's performance in 2013? END
START what is the worth of the australian assets shell sold in us dollars? END
START what is a cause of severe environmental issues in the niger delta? END
START many pipelines owned by shell in the niger delta are described as what? END
START shell has accepted responsibility for keeping its pipelines in what condition? END
START in contrast to its acceptance of responsibility for keeping the pipelines new, shell has denied what? END
START environmental and human rights groups have created action plans to do what? END
START where has shell tried to keep its pipelines in pristine conditions? END
START when did friends of the earth begin protesting shell? END
START how many allegations did the dutch court approve? END
START who did amnesty international have to pay for one count of pollution? END
START when did shell acknowledge responsibility for the environmental issues? END
START the name shell is connected to what company? END
START what was the purpose of the created of the "shell" transport and trading company? END
START what did the younger founder of the "shell" transport and trading company discover while collecting seashell specimens in the caspian sea area? END
START by what year did the company have a fleet of oil tankers operating in the caspian sea region? END
START the company operated a refinery on what river for several decades? END
START where was the murex built? END
START when was the refinery at shell haven built? END
START what river did marcus collect shells from in 1907? END
START when was marcus samuel born? END
START how long did the younger samuel collect specimens from the caspian sea? END
START what is shell's primary business? END
START the development of what two types of exptertise established the core competencies on which the company was founded? END
START one of the most important business in which shell is involved is what? END
START each business now seeks to become what type of unit? END
START the business model that provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry is called what? END
START what is the least important business for shell? END
START what did self-supporting units provide for the company? END
START what types of expertise have been removed from the business? END
START which stage does not require technical and commercial expertise? END
START what company is moving away from having self-supported units? END
START shell was traditionally considered what type of business worldwide? END
START shell operated companies in how many countries? END
START a good deal of technical and financial direction for the upstream came from what entity? END
START what types of companies existed in a few major oil and gas production centers? END
START how many centralised businesses does shell have? END
START where did much of the direction come for the downstream come from? END
START what production centre was located in nigeria? END
START how many countries were large exploration and production companies in? END
START what company did shell partner with in brunei for the joint venture shell expro? END
START downstream operations currently includes what type of business? END
START downstream operations produces what percent of shell's profits worldwide? END
START how many petrol stationsare included in shell's downstream operations global network? END
START prior to the 1990s, shell's downstream businesses were essentially considered what kind of businesses? END
START in what way did the business paradigm of shell's downstream operations begin to change? END
START how much of shell's profits did downstream account for in 1990? END
START when did shell switch to treating businesses as local, independent companies? END
START how many oil refineries does shell have? END
START how many total petrol stations does shell have? END
START how many of shell's operations are controlled in london instead of hague? END
START what did shell announce in april 2010? END
START what happened in several countries in response to shell's april 2010 announcement? END
START in june 2013, shell announced a review of its operations in which country? END
START in august 2014, shell announced it was in the process of doing what? END
START what did shell indicate was a reason for the strategic review of operations in nigeria? END
START what did shell switch from south africa and egypt to? END
START when did protests break out in south africa? END
START how many egyptian fields did shell sell in 2014? END
START where did shell divest its upstream activities from?  END
START when did the company announce a review of south africa? END
START what company was the owner of the 7-eleven brand in scandinavia? END
START in what year did royal dutch shell and reitan group announce an agreement? END
START how many service stations did royal dutch shell and reitan group agree to re-brand? END
START shell announced it was in the process of doing what in april 2010? END
START in october 2010, shell sold what to st1? END
START how many service stations did royal dutch shell and reitan group re-brand in norway alone? END
START how long will it take to rebrand the service stations in norway, sweden, finland, and denmark? END
START who did shell by gas stations and heavy vehicle supply networks from? END
START when did st1 and reitan group announce an agreement? END
START what parent company did shell sell to in april 2010? END
START shell oil company's united states business throughout its early history is described as what? END
START on which exchange was shell oil company's u.s. stock historically traded? END
START shell oil company historically had little direct involvement from what entity in the running of its american businesses? END
START in what year did royal dutch shell make a bid to purchase approximately 30% of shell oil company's shares? END
START what did royal dutch shell's bid to purchase shell oil company's shares lead to? END
START shell's early history involved a lot of involvement from what? END
START what percentage of the shell oil company did royal dutch shell own in 1984? END
START how much did the court case cost? END
START when did royal dutch shell try to sell its shares? END
START who approved of the royal dutch shell buyout? END
START the final investment decision for what was finalized by royal dutch shell in may 2011? END
START the remote offshore prelude field was discovered where? END
START the prelude field was estimated to contain how many cubic feet of natural gas reserves? END
START on what developments was flng technology based? END
START flng technology faciliates what? END
START when did royal dutch shell make its first investment into flng? END
START when was flng technology created? END
START what is located off australia's southwestern coast? END
START where were flng technologies pioneered? END
START when was the flng facility built? END
START what percent of its stake in woodside petroleum did shell sell in june 2014? END
START shell became a major shareholder in woodside after a takeover attempt was blocked in what year? END
START who blocked the takeover attempt? END
START what percentage of shareholders voted to approve the 2014 buy-back? END
START what percentage of shareholder votes was need to approve the 2014 buy-back? END
START how much woodside stock in shell sell in 2001? END
START what shell treasurer try to takeover woodside in 2001? END
START what percentage of shareholders approved the takeover attempt? END
START what percentage of shareholders was required to block the woodside takeover? END
START when was the meeting to decide whether or not to sell 9.5% of its woodside petroleum stock? END
START shell purchased what in 2005? END
START what did shell initate after its 2005 purchase? END
START what executive initially led the artic drilling project? END
START what caused the delay in drilling after shell's 2008 purchase? END
START shell's plans to drill in the artic led to protests from which particular environmental group? END
START how much did the purchase of an offshore lease cost? END
START what greenpeace executive protested the arctic drilling? END
START what oil rig cost shell $4.5bil? END
START when was pete slaiby taken off of the arctic drilling program? END
START when was pete slaiby working in the north sea? END
START what conditions caused the delay of drilling in mid-2012? END
START what worsened the situation at the end of 2012? END
START what amount had royal dutch shell invested in the project by the end of 2012? END
START in what year did drilling in the arctic region begin? END
START when did the arctic project end? END
START who damaged essential oil-spill equipment? END
START how much was invested in the kulluk incident? END
START what caused the kulluk incident? END
START what certification was the kulluk missing? END
START why was the kulluk oil rig being towed to washington? END
START what caused towing crews and rescue service to lose control while the kulluk rig was in transport to washington? END
START on january 1, 2013, the kulluk was grounded off the coast of which island? END
START following the incident, which magazine contacted larry mckinney? END
START larry mckinney explained that a two-month delay in drilling could do what? END
START where was the kulluk oil rig being towed from? END
START where was the kullug grounded in december? END
START who was the executive director of the fortune magazine? END
START what magazine did larry mckinney contact? END
START how long did it take to tow the kulluk to washington state? END
START following what event was it uncertain if shell would recommence drilling? END
START in february 2013, shell corporation announced that it would pause what? END
START shell corporation announced what in january 2014? END
START which shell corporation executive explained the reason for the january 2014 announcement? END
START what reason did the executive give for shell's january 2014 announcement? END
START what project was based in alaska? END
START when did van beurden become the chief executive? END
START when was the original suspension of the drilling program? END
START when did shell announce it was resuming it alaskan project? END
START why was van beurden under review? END
START for what particular reason did protesters criticize the company's environmental record in the 1990s? END
START what entity supported shell during the 1990s protests? END
START following the reversal of its decision, shell published what? END
START when was the brent spar platform disposed into the north sea? END
START what government opposed the brent spar platform? END
START what did shell admit was a poor environmental decision? END
START what commitment did executives condemn? END
START what did protesters in the 1990s praise? END
START in 1996, multiple groups filed lawsuits to hold shell accountable for what? END
START shell was accused of participating in the execution of which southern nigerian tribal leader? END
START in what year did shell agree to settle the lawsuits filed in 1996? END
START for what amount did shell agree to settle the 1996 lawsuits? END
START in contrast to its agreement to settle the 1996 lawsuits, shell refused to do what? END
START when was brian anderson hanged? END
START brian anderson was the leader of what tribe? END
START what was ken saro-wiwa accused of? END
START how much did shell pay to the ogoni tribe? END
START when did shell sue nigeria? END
START a 2010 leaked communication revealed that shell claimed to have inserted what into which entities? END
START the same leaked communication revealed shell claimed to know what? END
START about what did the shell executive boast in relation to the leaked communication? END
START documents released in 2009 showed that shell made regular payments to which entity? END
START for what purpose did shell make regular payments to the entity cited in the documents released in 2009? END
START when did shell place informants in the nigerian government? END
START who boasted that shell had forgotten about the invasion? END
START what year did the documents used in the court case come from? END
START what source of information from 2010 was not used in the court case? END
START why did the nigerian military regularly make payments to shell? END
START how many greenpeace activists boarded fennica and nordica in march 2012? END
START how many countries did the group of greenpeace activists represent? END
START what types of vehicles were the fennica and nordica? END
START why were the fennica and nordica chartered? END
START what was the main concern of edward itta? END
START how many countries did the icebreakers support? END
START what was the name of the fortune magazine reporter? END
START how many activists were on the fennica alone? END
START who was the mayor of north slope borough in march 2012? END
START what borough were the greenpeace activists from? END
START why did shell file lawsuits? END
START jealous and radford asserted that the legal action taken by shell was what? END
START greenpeace claimed that shell requested google to ban what? END
START what banners appeared on the winners' podium at the august 2013 ceremony? END
START at the 2013 ceremony, activitsts controlled their appearance with what? END
START when did shell ask google to ban video footage of the greenpeace protests? END
START what is the greenpeace logo? END
START who filed the lawsuits against shell? END
START who did savethearctic partner with for the belgian grand prix? END
START how were the winners' podiums controlled? END
START which specific mammal is the largest today? END
START which mammal is the smallest? END
START which four legged mammal is considered to be the smartest? END
START about how small is the average bumble bee bat? END
START what do the largest group of mammals, elephants, have that helps the fetus during gestation? END
START how small is the average fetus? END
START what are some fetuses adapted for? END
START what is another name for a large elephant? END
START what does a placenta help bumblebee bats do? END
START who coined the name "mammal" from the scientific name mammalia? END
START what do all female mammals have in common when they have children? END
START how many mammals were known to exist up to 2006? END
START how many families did mammals consist of as of 2006? END
START what term  did iucn coin in 1758? END
START in 1758 how many mammal species were known? END
START what was completed by carl linnaeus in 2006? END
START how was the iucn red list grouped? END
START how many accepted species are there according to carl linnaeus? END
START how many species of mammals do not have a live birth? END
START which group consist of the most mammals? END
START which group do humans belong too? END
START which group do cats and dogs belong too? END
START what do all modern monotremes give birth to? END
START what group do the six species of monotremes belong to?  END
START which monotreme consists of the most mammals? END
START what is the monotreme that is second after rodentia? END
START what are some examples of monotremes that are part of the group rodentia? END
START from which time period did birds and reptiles began to appear from? END
START when did non-avian dinosaurs become extinct? END
START which early mammalian ancestor produced non-mammalian dimetroden? END
START when did sphenacodont pelycosaurs become extinct? END
START what were the modern mammalian orders ancestors called? END
START at the end of the synapsid period what non-mammal was produced? END
START the sphenacodontia arose in the paleogene and neogene periods of what era? END
START at the end of the carboniferous period what did the neogene diverge from that led to today's reptiles and birds? END
START who defined mammalian as the crown group mammals? END
START by rowe's definition, when did he start to exclude animals? END
START which group do marsupials and placentals belong to? END
START how did timothy rowe define mammalia in the mid 19th century? END
START what are two examples of the most recent ancestor of the jurassic period? END
START in what period did mammals live? END
START for how long have juassic fossils been referred to the mammalia? END
START what is one thing triassic fossils are shown to consist of according to a 19th century paper? END
START which group are ambondro's closely related to? END
START which two groups are closely related to therian mammals? END
START how many years do momotremes and therian mammals go back? END
START about what year do synapsid date back to? END
START what is the earliest ambondro that satisfies kemp's definitions? END
START what is tikitherium more closely related to more than therian mammals? END
START what time period are fossils of the ambondro dated to in the middle jurassic? END
START about what year are ambondro dated to? END
START what can the appearance of genera be broadly given? END
START who wrote the "principles of classification and a classification of mammals? END
START simpson laid the systematics of mammal origins and was taught universally up until the end of what century? END
START which new concept has greatly taken over simpsons much debated theoretical systematization? END
START what did simpson lay out that was universally taught until 1945? END
START what was the original source for the paleontoligical record? END
START what happened since the classification by the amnh? END
START what taxonomy took over amnh's debated systematization? END
START up until what century were cladistics universally taught? END
START in 1997 who revised the classification of mammals? END
START where did the two authors work together as paleontologist?  END
START from whom did mckenna inherit the project from? END
START who did simpson inherit the project from? END
START what happened to molecular genetic data in 1997? END
START what was the book written by simpson? END
START what information about mammals does simpson's book cover? END
START what did simpson help construct with bell? END
START through molecular studies, what was used to suggest new relationships among mammal families? END
START during these molecular studies, which three major groups of mammals shared a common ancestors from the cretaceous period? END
START afrotheria,xenartha, and boreoeutheria deprives from which two lineages? END
START what have studies based on boreoeutheria suggested? END
START what have findings based on common ancestors in the cretaceous been validated by? END
START what are three major groups of laurasiatheria? END
START where did euarchontoglires and laurasiatheria come from? END
START what two major common ancestors does alantogenata contain? END
START from which period did the first known amniotes arise from? END
START from which group did amniotes descendents of? END
START two important amniotes  lineages became distinct, what was the name of that distinction? END
START sauropsids would later include which other animals into its group? END
START what is a distinct trait of synapsids? END
START from what period did the first insects come from? END
START what already inhabited the synapsids? END
START when did amphibious tetrapods become prominent? END
START what do amniotes have on each side of the skull? END
START what animals were later included in the carboniferous group? END
START from which dinosaur group did therapsids descend from? END
START around what time did therapsids become the dominant land animal? END
START at which group did therapsids end with? END
START when did basal eupelycosaurs descend from pelycosaurs? END
START what did the therapsid lineage do in the middle permian, 265 million years ago? END
START how do probainognathian cynodonts differ from the therapsid lineage? END
START what are some characteristics that show how mammals differ from pelycosaurs? END
START what animal was at the end stage of the middle permian? END
START what was the name of extinction level event that ended the dominance of the carnivores among therapsids? END
START during which time period did archosaurs begin to take over as the dominant carnivore? END
START which three groups did the early triassic period consist of? END
START during the jurassic period which group came out as the most dominate for both carnivores and herbivores? END
START why was the jurassic a prolonged event? END
START what did the jurassic period end? END
START what was taken over by carnivores in the permian-triassic? END
START what types of animals were included in the permian-triassic over 35 million years? END
START what had archosaurs come to dominate by the jurassic? END
START what is the oldest know fossil among the eutheria group?  END
START how long ago does oldest know fossil date back to? END
START in what time period did early animals share some features with marsupials? END
START which lineage were some of these early marsupial features were lost? END
START what is the oldest known feature among the marsupials? END
START what time period is a marsupial dated to in the early cretaceous? END
START what do juramaia have in common with placentals? END
START what lineage shows some early eutherian features were lost? END
START when was the marsupial mother from the cretaceous dated to? END
START how long ago did most placental orders diverge from? END
START which two major time periods did placentals appear? END
START which time period did early highly undisputed fossils of placental mammals appear? END
START when is the earliest know primate thought to had exist? END
START how much did the first primate weigh? END
START where do the earliest fossils of the miocene come from? END
START what have scientists identified eocene as? END
START what is the earliest ancestor of humans from about 55 million years ago? END
START how much did the protungulatum donnae weigh? END
START what do scientists object about primates before the end of the paleocene? END
START when is it believed that the earliest know hair was said to exist? END
START when was it suggested that foramina premaxillae could contain the first know hairs? END
START which major time period were these suggested hairs from? END
START what type of fossils showed the earliest evidence of cynodonts? END
START what was suggested about the tupinambis in the thrinaxodon in the 1950's? END
START what do popular sources attribute foramina to? END
START at what time is it believed the earliest known foramina existed? END
START what does the modern lizard castorocauda have? END
START which group of animal has a lower body temperature that marsupials and placentals? END
START which time period is suggested that cynodonts had a high metabolic rate? END
START why is it necessary for smaller animals to have an insulative covering? END
START what does evidence found suggest about monotremes? END
START what do therians need to maintain a stable body temperature? END
START what do small animals have compared to therians? END
START what suggests that monotremes have high metabolic rates? END
START what do placentals use their fur covering for? END
START when air enters both the oral and nasal cavities, where does it flow through? END
START increasing pressure on the diaphragm thus increasing air output more frequently is usually caused by? END
START a result of air being sucked into or blown out of the lung thats moving its pressure gradient is referred to? END
START where did the term bellows lung come from? END
START when mammals take oxygen into their relaxed diaphragm, what happens to the abdominal wall? END
START what is alveoli inspired by? END
START what is the ribcage able to passively recoil? END
START what does contraction of the thorax do while increasing the volume of the lung cavity? END
START when air enters the nasal cavity, what does the rib cage expand? END
START what is the typical thickness of the epidermis? END
START what is the main function of the epidermis? END
START how much more thicker is the dermis to the epidermis? END
START what is the dermis mainly consist of? END
START what does the hyperdermis consist of? END
START when the hypodermis is 10 to 30 cells thick, what is its main function? END
START what happens to the outermost cells of the hypodermis? END
START how do the bottommost cells of the hypodermis act? END
START how much thicker is the hypodermis from the dermis? END
START what are two components that make up the epidermis? END
START what is another name used for mammalian hair? END
START which color of hair is most common among mammalian taxa? END
START besides camouflage being a reason for having certain hair colors, what other reasons have been discovered?  END
START what is another name for camouflage? END
START how does intraspecies communication vary? END
START what is distribution of loci common in? END
START why do selective pressures favor arctic environments? END
START what three examples show how hormone levels are important in the mate selection process? END
START what is the common mammal group that gives birth to live young? END
START how many species of mammals lay eggs? END
START which mammal that has the bill of a duck lays eggs? END
START the platypus has sex chromosomes more related to which other non-mammal? END
START what makes most monotreme viviparous? END
START what do marsupials have that is different from most mammals? END
START how many species of mammals give birth to live young? END
START what are some characteristics of young chickens? END
START what do marsupials have that make them less like a therian? END
START which sub class are most viviparous mammals in? END
START viviparous mammals today are in which two main infraclasses? END
START what is present in all non-placental mammals? END
START what sub class are most placental eutherians in? END
START what class are placental eutherians in today? END
START where on the mother are the epipubic bones located? END
START what prevents a short gestation period in full pregnancy? END
START in marsupials what is a plesyomorphic condition shorter than? END
START which part is larger relative to the brain in primates? END
START which non-primate has the ability to learn and perform new task? END
START mammals with smaller brains tend to be in what class in the food chain? END
START what part of the brain is larger in rats compared to the rest of the brain? END
START with primates, what is related to intelligence? END
START what are two indications of a larger cerebrum? END
START what are cats able to do when they find a new home? END
START what is one thing that shows a cat has a large cerebrum? END
START to be able to maintain a constant body temperature, what do mammals need to maintain? END
START what does a omnivore imply? END
START what do the majority of mammals under 18 oz eat? END
START what determines a mammals diet type? END
START what do herbivores use to maintain a high level of bacteria for digestion? END
START what do herbivores have because they don't need specialized digestion? END
START what is a factor that determines body temperature? END
START what lives in an omnivores digestive tract? END
START where are bacteria for digestion housed in an omnivore? END
START what is the name given when zones of gradation exits? END
START what is the given name of a lion and tiger hybrid? END
START what is the marketed name given in the meat industry when you involve a european or indian domestic cattle mixed with an american bison? END
START what is the given name of a offspring from two different animals? END
START what is a zone of resilience referred to as? END
START what does it mean when closely related species exhibit greater strength and resilience than their parents? END
START what are some examples that show how strength and resilience is maintained in related species? END
START why are ligers more fertile than donkeys? END
START where is an american bison sometimes used to entertain people? END
START the spanish armada suffered a defeat in what year? END
START who did the london merchants petition to get permission to sail the indian ocean? END
START what was the first year the london merchants were granted permission to sail the indina ocean? END
START how many ships sailed torbay? END
START who returned to england after sailing around cape comorin? END
START  in this paragraph the spanish armada suffered a defeat in what year? END
START how many ships sailed  from torbay? END
START how many ships levitated over torbay? END
START who did the french merchants petition to get permission to sail the indian ocean? END
START what was the first year the london merchants were granted permission to sail the arctic ocean? END
START who returned to mexico after sailing around cape comorin? END
START the rebel armada suffered a defeat in what year? END
START what did the queen give them for suceeding? END
START what was the name of the royal charter? END
START what did this charter give them? END
START who led the third voyage? END
START who commanded the the voyage between 1601 and 1603? END
START who commanded the second  voyage in 1604? END
START what was the rank of the person who commanded the third voyage? END
START what was the name of the company that traded with east indies? END
START how many years did the merchants of london has a monoploy on trade? END
START what did the queen steal from them for succeeding? END
START what was the name of the novice charter? END
START what did this charter take away from them? END
START who commanded the the voyage between 1601 and 1609? END
START who commanded the eighth voyage in 1604? END
START in 1609 the charter was renewed for what period of time? END
START what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least 3 years? END
START why did king james i licence other trading companies from england? END
START where was the first factory in south india? END
START what initially moved king james 1 to grant subsidiary licences to other trading companies in england? END
START while the company was  giving an indefinite period when renewing thier charter what clause did king james use to make sure the company stayed profitable END
START how many years did the merchants of london have to become profitabl when their charter was renewed by king james? END
START where was the worst factory in south india? END
START what period of time was the charter banned for in 1609? END
START what would happen if the trade did not return a profit for at least eight consecutive years? END
START why did king james ix licence other trading companies from england? END
START when was the bombay trading post established? END
START who commanded the factories owned by the east india company? END
START how many employees were in the factories in india? END
START what were the walled forts of fort william in bengal, fort st george in madras and bombay castle before they were forts? END
START who helped join the east india company in a joint attack on portuguese and spanish ships? END
START by 1647 how many factories did the company have? END
START the east india company changed how it did business by moving from  focusing on royal patronage to what type of business? END
START when the east india company move to commercial  trading what  company did they surpass? END
START the top or most important factories had what  physical feature in  common? END
START when was the bombay trading post destroyed? END
START how many factories did the company lose by 1647? END
START who commanded the factories owned by the north india company? END
START how many fish were in the factories in india? END
START who helped join the north india company in a joint attack on portuguese and german ships? END
START how important were cotton, silk, indigo dye,saltpetre and tea to the company? END
START name the wars that was caused by the intense competition between the eic and dutch east india company END
START what caused the dutch to expand thier spice trade in the malaccan straits? END
START what year did the mughal emperor completely wave customs duities? END
START who did the mughal emperor extend hospitality to? END
START what region was made available to english traders by  the mughal emperor? END
START in 1717 what made the region of bengal  so appealing to english traders? END
START why type of  dye was one of the east  india company's main  products? END
START who were the main competitors that  had a monopoly of the spice trade in malaccan? END
START what wars was a result of the competitive nature of the mulitple trading companies in the 17th and 18th centuries? END
START what caused the greeks to expand their spice trade in the malaccan straits? END
START what year did the mughal emperor strictly require customs duties? END
START what region was made available to black market traders by the mughal emperor? END
START who did the mughal emperor forbid hospitality to? END
START what type of dye was one of the north india company's main products? END
START how much treasure was taken by pirates? END
START waht was the name of largest ship operating in the indian ocean? END
START how often did the indian fleet voyage to mocha? END
START what type of captain was henry every? END
START what was the name of the pirate on board the fancy who later teamed up with five other pirate captiains to attack the indian fleet? END
START when did  captain henry every attack the indian fleet END
START where was the indian fleet headed when they were attacked by captain every END
START what was reportly the largest ship in the mughal convoy in the indian fleet? END
START how much treasure was given away by pirates? END
START what was the name of the only ship operating in the indian ocean? END
START how often did the indian fleet voyage to mars? END
START what type of prince was henry every? END
START when did captain henry every attack the russian fleet? END
START what was the total value of cargo on the ganj-i-sawai? END
START who was on the ganji-i-sawai according to the eic? END
START what is the ganj-i-sawai know for? END
START what was reportedly the high value of of loot that the ganj-i-sawai had? END
START as times has past what has become know as the richest ship ever taken by pirates? END
START how many gold and silver pieces were on the ganj-i-sawai? END
START how many extraterrestrial pieces were on the ganj-i-sawai? END
START what was the total value of cargo not taken from the ganj-i-sawai? END
START who avoided the ganji-i-sawai according to the eic? END
START what is the ganj-i-sawai unknown for? END
START who caused the first worldwide manhunt? END
START what was the total bounty offered for captian every after england heard that the ganj-i-sawai was  taken END
START captian every was the focus of the first recorded worldwide.... what in history? END
START what was the name of the  council that offered part of the bounty for captain every END
START who took 4 east india ship and arrested their officers as a reaction to the attack on ganj-i-sawai END
START due to the danger the captian every put the trading abiliy of east india company what  act would he never qualify for that other pirate were later offered? END
START who caused the first worldwide witch-hunt? END
START what was the total bounty offered for captain every after germany heard that the ganj-i-sawai was taken? END
START what was the name of the council that offered all of the bounty for captain every? END
START who took 12 east india ship and arrested their officers as a reaction to the attack on ganj-i-sawai? END
START enlish firms were allow to trade with  india unless? END
START what was the name of the  second east india company that ended up runnig parallel to the first? END
START the two parallel east india company  had a power stuggle in both  england and? END
START in what  year was the act passed the made a parallel east india company? END
START the stock holder of the original east india  company rasied how much money  to  try and deal with the parallel east india company? END
START what caused english firms to be forbidden to trade with india unless? END
START what year was the act passed the made a parallel north indiana company? END
START what place aside from england did east india have no support from? END
START what was the name of the second south indie company that ended up running parallel to the first? END
START in 1720 what % of  import goods were from india?  END
START who passed the acts that effected the profits of east india company END
START who argued against parliament on the trade issue that involded the east india company END
START what percentage of import goods were abandoned in india in 1720? END
START who passed the acts that effected the profits of west india company? END
START who argued against parliament on the trade issue that involved the east indian company? END
START who never had any disagreements? END
START what imports were forbidden in india in 1720? END
START the british government agrree to extend the licensed for the company in india until 1793 for how much money END
START what was the big fear that brought the british government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company? END
START what was the name of the  war that lasted from 1756 to 1763? END
START the seven years' war  changed the british state focus from trade to protecting  europe and defending  which colonies? END
START in what year did the seven years' war END
START what was the name of the war that lasted from 1656 to 1763? END
START what year was the seven years' war prevented? END
START what was irrelevant that brought the british government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company? END
START which colonies were abandoned when the british state focus went from trade to protecting europe? END
START who worked together the most leading up to the seven years' war? END
START what was the type of  revolution that allowed britian to move ahead of its european rivals? END
START what was the name of william henry pyne book from 1808? END
START what became the largest player in the british global market according to william henry pyne? END
START what country was the home to the industrial revolution? END
START the industrial revoluntion gave raise to the access to what type of material? END
START what was the type of revolution that allowed britain to move ahead of its asian rivals? END
START what was the name of william henry pyne book from 1908? END
START what became the only player in the british global market according to william henry pyne? END
START what country was devastated by the industrial revolution? END
START what type of material became unavailable as a result of the industrial revolution? END
START due to agreed debt what 250 tons  product was first permitted to be exported by the company after the seven years' war? END
START in what year did banks  negotiate between the king and the east india company for 700 tons of saltpetre? END
START saltpetre was used for what people, specifically the need for this product had people overlooking untaxed sales?  END
START one of the governor of the company said that he would rather have saltpetre then____ in its raw form? END
START how much did 700 tons of saltpetre go for in the contract negotiated by banks in 1673 END
START what year did banks negotiate between the princess and the north india company for 600 tons of salt? END
START what 800 tons product was first permitted to be exported by the company after the seven years' war? END
START what people were forbidden from using saltpetre? END
START how much did 700 tons of saltpetre go for in the contract negotiated by banks in 1573? END
START what year was the treaty of paris agreed on? END
START the treaty of paris return how many esablishment captured by the british? END
START the treaty of paris prevented france from keeping troops in what location? END
START in 1793 what war was the french involded in even without a big  military presences? END
START what year was the treaty of paris disagreed on? END
START how many establishments captured by the british were destroyed after the treaty of paris? END
START what location was france allowed to send troops due to the treaty of paris? END
START what war was the french involved in with a big military presence in 1793? END
START what is the acronym for the east india company? END
START in 1750 how many regular troops did the  eic  have?  END
START in 1778 most of the troops that the eic had were from where? END
START what year did the eic have 26,000 troops in their employ END
START what is no longer the acronym for the east india company? END
START how many special troops did the eic exile in 1750? END
START who were most of the troops that the eic hid in 1778? END
START what year did the eic lose 26,000 troops in one day? END
START how many anglo maratha wars were there? END
START what empire ended after the three anglo- maratha wars? END
START with the formal end of maratha empire the eic created a  firm hold on what country? END
START was the maratha empire ended quick or gradual? END
START what country  took over the fort of ahmmadnagar that then became part of the cause for the maratha emprie to end? END
START how many anglo maratha parties were there? END
START what empire ended after the seven anglo-maratha wars? END
START how long did it take for maratha empire to dominate the world? END
START what museum took over the fort of ahmmadnagar that then became part of the cause for the maratha emprie to end? END
START what country had a weak hold by the eic after the formal end of the maratha empire? END
START what was the name of eic military company? END
START what was the  highest rank an indian could be in the eic army END
START while in eic army  the british officer outrank the indian officer they  both promoted based on? END
START what was the name of the eic wizardry company? END
START what was the highest rank a robot could be in the eic army? END
START which officers could never outrank indians? END
START who received no training for the military? END
START in 1838 what was the sentence for smuggling opium in to china? END
START in 1838 about how many tone of  opium was smuggled in to china per year? END
START what was the title of the person people were sent to if they were  caught smuggling opium in to china? END
START when did the first opium war start? END
START britian faught side by side with what country  in the second opium war? END
START what was the sentence for smuggling opium into egypt in 1838? END
START how many tons of opium were stolen from china per year in 1838? END
START what was the title of the person people were sent to if they were caught smuggling opium into space? END
START what country stood paralyzed next to britain in the second opium war? END
START when did the only opium war end? END
START eic was leased back the land they held in british india by what part of the british goverment? END
START how much did the parliament lease british india for to eic (the lease was for two years)?  END
START the british government  created a how many man council in calcutta? END
START how many council member weres allow to be from the eic? END
START by having 3 members on the council in calcutta from the british government they were always able to ____ the two eic members? END
START how much did the parliament lease australia for to eic (the lease was for two years)? END
START how many were on the council in calcutta created by the german government? END
START how many council members were killed on the eic? END
START what incumbent governor was dismissed from the council? END
START the highest ranking persons title in british india is? END
START in british indian a jugde had to come from where to oversee the  legal system? END
START the highest ranking person's title in british india is? END
START did eic have a monopoly over the governement or trade in british india  END
START other then money what did it cost the eic to have the control in trade the had in british india END
START who is the lowest ranking person in british india? END
START who couldn't be trusted with the power of peace and war? END
START who were removed from india to administer the legal system? END
START who had only limited legislative powers? END
START who was eventually bankrupt due to their virtual monopoly? END
START the name of the act that was a failure in creating bourdaries for the crown and the eic for being subjective? END
START after the pitt act the crown began to focus more on _______ efforts of its people in it territories? END
START what was the  name of the person who was once a large  shareholder in eic and talk to the issues with with the new regulating bill in 1793? END
START was the new regulating bill of 1793 passed or defeated? END
START what is the name of the act that was a success in creating boundaries for the crown and the eic for being subjective? END
START was the new regulating bill of 1791 passed or defeated? END
START who was the only east india company shareholder? END
START what kind of calls did the government ignore? END
START by the middle of the 19th century how much of the worlds population was effected by eic and it trade? END
START to eic in malaya what state  was the forth most improtant settlement? END
START during this time the relationship change between britian and the eic. the eic became more of a what to the crown?? END
START when eic become more like a regularised subsidiary  did they have greater or less accountability to the crown END
START how much of the moon's population was effected by eic and it trade by the middle of the 19th century? END
START what state in malaya had no important settlements? END
START what did the eic become less of to the crown? END
START when eic became more like a regularised subsidiary did they have greater or less accountability to japan? END
START what lord helped the eic through his politics, take control over all of india? END
START while the eic took over all of india there were, two exception the first being punjab, what was the second? END
START in the past the deals under the crown strained the finances of eic  now as they expained throughout india what was the biggest strain on their finances END
START what treaty  allowed the eic in to the then kingdom of nepal? END
START eic reached out to parliament for help with finances. this lead to which act? END
START what lord helped the eic through his politics take control over all of america? END
START what year was the charter act rejected? END
START who had very relaxed policies? END
START who lost all control over india? END
START what events had the least amount of expenses? END
START where were the eic  headquarters located? END
START what was the name of eic headquartes? END
START between 1638 and 1648 what street was eic headquarters on? END
START where was the eic headquarters moved to after  1648? END
START what building now sits where the eic headquarters last sat? END
START where were the eic headquarters hidden? END
START what was the former name of eic headquarters? END
START what street was eic headquarters on when it was vacated between 1628 and 1643? END
START where was the eic headquarters abandoned after 1648? END
START what hospital now sits where the eic headquarters last sat? END
START in 1803 was act of parliament supported by  eic?  END
START the 1803 act created what dock program? END
START the goal of the east in dock company was  first what? END
START what was the name of the export dock of the eic after the 1803 act? END
START in 1838 what company did the  east india dock company merge with?  END
START what act of parliament was opposed by eic in 1803? END
START what dock company was destroyed by the 1803 act? END
START what was the name of the export dock of the eic after the 1903 act? END
START what company did the east india dock company split off from in 1838? END
START which dock company was never taken over by the port of london authority in 1909? END
START in the period of  1600 what canton cross repesented england END
START after the act of  1707  what was the second  cross added to the canton for great britian END
START in what year did the canton become a flag with crosses on it and not just a cross? END
START in wat year did  ireland join with great britian offically? END
START what is the name of the union that ireland and great britian created when they came together? END
START what canton cross represented egypt in the period of 1600? END
START what was the second cross removed from the canton after the acts of union 1707? END
START what year did the canton become a flag with stars on it and not just a stripe? END
START what year did ireland join with japan officially? END
START what is the name of the union that ireland and great britain sabotaged when they came together? END
START what does deus indicat mean? END
START what type of flowers did gules use? END
START after the deus indicat what type of sea animals were pictured? END
START in the above quote how many ship and masts were indicated? END
START what animal was listed as part of the four fleur-de-lis in the above quote END
START what does deus indicat no longer mean in latin? END
START what type of flowers did gules avoid? END
START what type of land animals were pictured on the shield crest under the deus indicat? END
START what does deo ducente nil nocet mean in russian? END
START the eic arms feature what king of the jungle animal on it? END
START in the arms of eic what was the lion holding in his forepaws END
START how many lions were on the eic arms END
START what year did the eic arms include both france and england? END
START what jungle animal is in danger on the eic arms? END
START what does the lion have on its head in the arms of eic? END
START how many dolphins were on the eic arms? END
START what year did the eic arms include both norway and denmark? END
START what arms were granted in 1798? END
START during what war did the eic get letter of marque for its vessels END
START why did eic want tthe letters of marque most? END
START with out the letters of marque what wepon did  they have to protect themself that was a part of their ship? END
START the earl of mornington would have how many ___ guns on the eic ships? END
START what celebration did the eic get a letter of marque for its vessels? END
START why did the eic not want the letters of marque? END
START what weapon did they have for protection that was a part of their body? END
START how many guns were taken from the earl of mornington? END
START what was not allowed to sail under a letter of marque? END
START what was the most notable naval victory eic  had? END
START what general played the biggest role in the capture of the seven dutch east indiamen? END
START where were the 7 dutch easteast indiamen capture? END
START in 1797 how did the  woodford  get to safety without firing one bullet? END
START in 1797 who was the captian of the woodford that is first listed of the 5 captians? END
START what was the only naval defeat eic had? END
START what policeman played the largest role in the capture of the seven dutch east indiamen? END
START where were the 6 dutch east indiamen captured? END
START how did the indiamen get to safety by firing just one bullet in 1797? END
START where are the records of the eic housed today? END
START where are the british government's records houseed today? END
START are you able to search most of the records online today? END
START where were the records of the eic lost in a fire? END
START where are the british government's records destroyed today? END
START which government no longer keeps records? END
START what records are expensive to access online? END
START what company lost all records between 16001834? END
START where is hokkien spoken? END
START where did hokkien originate? END
START what language is hokkien closely related to? END
START what language is hokkien distantly related to? END
START min and hakka dialects are found where? END
START what language is only spoken in southeast asia and taiwan? END
START what language developed in southern fuji?  END
START what language is hokkien unrelatated to? END
START what language is hainanese closely related to? END
START what type of dialects are found in fuji END
START where did hainese originate? END
START what dialect is min closely related to? END
START where is the fujian dialect spoken? END
START what happens if you speak hokkien and its close relative hakka? END
START what language is min nan distantly related to? END
START what does hokkien mean? END
START what division of dialects does hokkien belong to? END
START in south east asia, what term is commonly used to refer to min-nan dialects? END
START where are quanzhou and zhangzhou located? END
START what term does not mean fujian province? END
START what classification system does the term hokkien come from? END
START what term comes from the first two syllables of the two main hokkien regions? END
START what term is used in central assia to fefer to min-nan dialects? END
START what does the term quanzhang mean in chinese? END
START what dialect does zhangzhou refer to? END
START where is the term fulaohua primarily used? END
START in urban centers, what term is used to refer to min-nan dialects? END
START where are min nan and southern min located? END
START who brought the language hokkien to myanmar? END
START what is the current name for myanmar? END
START what is the former name for indonesia? END
START what percent of chinese filipinos in the philippines spoeak hokkien? END
START what is the local name for hokkien in the philippines? END
START what is the former name of the dutch east indies? END
START what is the current name of burma? END
START what is the local name for lan-nang in the philippines? END
START who form the largest group of non chinese in malaysia? END
START what does lan-nang mean in singapore? END
START who forms the largest group of lan-nang in singapore? END
START where were many dutch east indies emigrants originally from? END
START how many chinese in singapore speak lan-nang? END
START what dialects are highly similar to hoko and lan-nang? END
START what group brought the amoy language to burma, malaysia and singapore? END
START the three kings period was a period of time in what country? END
START where was war concentrated during the three kings period? END
START what disaster caused a massive migration in the fujiian region? END
START what language was spoken in the central plain of china up until the 3rd century? END
START what direction did the jin court flee during the three kings period? END
START what was the name of the period of costant warfare across asia? END
START what disiaster caused a massive migration out of the fujiian region? END
START what languagewas spoken in the central plain of china after the 3rd century? END
START who entered fujiian mostly during the three kings period? END
START what court fled from the south to the north during the three kings period? END
START what happened during the fujian period in china? END
START what happened when the jin court began to enter the fujian region? END
START after the disaster of quangzhou, what group migrated from the north? END
START what happened after the three kingdoms fled from north to south? END
START where were yongjia dialects brought by the han chinese, spoken? END
START who was the ruler of china in 677? END
START who led the military expedition in fujian? END
START what is the name of the son of chen zheng? END
START who was the ruler of china in 885? END
START what was responsible for bringing the language of north middle china to the fujian region? END
START what country did chen yuanguang rule in 677? END
START what did chen yuanguang and his son lead a military exedition for? END
START when did wang chao and his son lead an expedition to pacify the huanf chao rebellion? END
START who was wang chao's son? END
START what dialect did the migrations from the south help to develop? END
START who led waves of migrations during the reign of emperor gaozong? END
START what did wang chao bring during the 7th century into zhangzhou? END
START what did wang shenzhi do in china in 677? END
START what is wang chao's sons name? END
START who was the ruler of xizong in 677? END
START what is another name for xiamen dialect? END
START what is the main dialect spoken in xiamen? END
START during what dynasty did the xiamen dialect develope? END
START what city took over quanzhou's position as the main port of trade in se china? END
START why did peasants from zhangzhou travel north to xiamen? END
START during what dynasty did the xiemen dialect disapear? END
START what is the main dialect spoken in xiang'an and the surrouncing areas of tong'an and xiamen? END
START what area now includes tong'an and xiang'an? END
START when was quanzhou taking over xiamen's position as the main port of trade? END
START who was traveling south in search of jobs? END
START what is another name for the tong'an dialect? END
START what dialect developed in the quanzhou dynasty? END
START what did henan luoyang  consider the better accent to be? END
START what happened over time to produce the henan dialect? END
START why did zhangzhou peasants travel southwards? END
START what chinese dialect has more consonants than standard mandarin or cantonese? END
START how do hokkien vowels compare to standard mandarin vowels? END
START what do hokkein varieties retain that are no longer found in other chinese varieties? END
START hokkien has one of the most diverse what, among chinese varieties? END
START what do mandarin and cantonese have more of than hokkien? END
START what other vowels are similar to cantonese vowels? END
START what do hokkien varieties nolonger have that are still found in other chinese varieties? END
START what is one of the least diverse phoneme among chinese varieties? END
START what does cantonese have more of among chinese varieties? END
START in hokkien how do the type of diverse phoneme compare to standard mandarin? END
START what does mandarin have that isn't found in other chinese varieties? END
START what has the retention of cantonese become now in mandarin? END
START what do chinese varieties have more of than standard mandarin? END
START how many phonemic tones do hokkien dialects have? END
START what is another name for phonemic tones? END
START what type of variations are there between the quanznou and zhangzhou tone system? END
START what patterns do taiwanese tones follow? END
START what is the pattern used un taiwanese tones determined by? END
START what dialects has less than 5 phonemic tones? END
START how many tones are there in modern chimese? END
START what system has major variations from quanznou tone system? END
START when is the extra tone 8 used? END
START what tone is not extensive? END
START how many phonemic tones do sandhi dialects have? END
START what two tone systems have an additional phonemic tone? END
START name the foreign loan words that have 5 to 7 phonemic tones? END
START what do hokkien tones follow depending on where you are in taiwan? END
START when do dialects use entering tones according to traditional reckoning? END
START the amoy dialect is a hybrid of what two dialects? END
START besides amoy, what is another hybrid of quanzhou and zhangzhou? END
START what is taiwanese in northern taiwan based on? END
START what is taiwanese in southern taiwan based on? END
START in singapore, the varient of hokkien has a significant amount of loanwords from where? END
START what is the malay dialect a hybrid of? END
START what are the differences between taiwanese and chinese dialects? END
START what area is teochew spoken, that also has loanwords from malay? END
START contact with china has lead to loanwords in what dialect? END
START what is hokkien in northern taiwan based on? END
START in hokkien dialects, the arrangent of words is important to what? END
START what pattern does a basic hokkien sentence follow? END
START being topic prominant, what basic sentence pattern is often not used? END
START unlike synthetic languages, what do hokkien sentences not indicate? END
START what is added to sentences to specify status or tone? END
START how are synthetic languages analytic? END
START what pattern do basic concept languages follow? END
START how do grammatical particles violate the usual pattern? END
START what is added to a sentence to specify plural by inflection? END
START with aspect markers, what is word arrangement important to? END
START what are literary and colloquial readings called? END
START what is another name for colloquial? END
START literary readings are usually used where? END
START colloquial reading are usually used where? END
START what is another term for philosophical concepts that are prominent in hokkien dialects as well as sinitic varieties?  END
START what are sinitic and philosophical concepts called? END
START to what standard are hokken dialects similar to? END
START what is a prominent feature of the tang standard and also in sinitic varieties? END
START what are the bulk of surnames based on? END
START colloquial stratum can be traced to several strata in what lexicon? END
START the earliest colloquial stratum can be traced to what? END
START when was the han dynasty? END
START when were the southern and northern dynasties? END
START when was the tang dynasty? END
START in what era did the earliest divergence between literary pronunciations begin? END
START when did the second prestige dialect appear? END
START during the tang dynasty, in what year did the earliest stratum appear? END
START what lexicon can the prestige dialect be traced to? END
START what period does the earliest min lexicon come from? END
START where did the language of min and wu dialects originate? END
START chinese spoken in wu was influenced by chinese spoken where? END
START many middle chinese words have retained their meanings in hokkein but not in what? END
START what location did the language of mandarin chinese originate? END
START what state was not founded by hokkien? END
START what is one thing that has happened to the old chinese counterparts? END
START what changes have happened to wu compared to mandarin? END
START many lexical meaning words have stayed the same in hokkien but not in what language? END
START where did hokkein originate? END
START what year was the opium war? END
START what is another name for xiamen? END
START what port became one of the major treaty ports after the opium war? END
START what dialect did western diplomats learn to communicate with the hokkien speaking people in china? END
START after the 1940's and 1950's opium war, what became a major treaty port? END
START what did zhangzhou slowly develop into? END
START in the 1940's and 1950's what did quanzhou use as its standard dialect? END
START in what year was south-east asia war? END
START where did taiwan originate from? END
START when did taiwanese hokkien have a fast change in development? END
START what year did taiwan begin teaching hokkien in schools? END
START what year did it become mandatory to teach hokkien in taiwan schools? END
START what is the name of the standard hokkien pronunciation and romanization guide? END
START what year did the ministry of education develope tai-lo? END
START when did tai-lo develop at a fast pace? END
START in what year did taiwan begin teaching poetry in taiwanese schools? END
START when did xiamen become compulsory in schools? END
START who offers poetry or literature courses for training hokkien-fluent talents? END
START where was tai-lo extended to in 2001? END
START hokkien is usually written using what characters? END
START written hokkein is based on what? END
START what is another name for standard written chinese? END
START approximately what percentage of chinese morphemes lack a standard chinese character? END
START what percentage of written chinese lacks a standard chinese character? END
START how is cantonese usually written? END
START what is used for mandarin but doesn't correspond to taiwanese words? END
START what is written cantonese based on? END
START what is adapted to the spoken form of chinese? END
START most hokkein morphemes have what type of characters? END
START in some cases, charcters are invented to represent what? END
START hokkien morphemes are not always what? END
START what are often borrowed to represent a particular morpheme? END
START what are borrowed in taiwanese to represent a certain morpheme? END
START what do some literary readings have to represent hokkien words? END
START what type of characters do most colloquial mophemes have? END
START what characteristic do personal pronouns not always have? END
START what are invented to represent a multiple and unrelated pronunciation? END
START hokkien is sometimes written in what script? END
START what is the name of the traditional chinese alphabet? END
START what is another name for poj? END
START who developed poj? END
START poj alphabet has been used since late in what century? END
START what is the traditional latin alphabet called? END
START who first developed a mixed script of han characters? END
START what is another name for latin script? END
START how long has the mixed script been actively used? END
START what is written in the simplified chinese script using one of several alphabets? END
START when can min nan texts be dated back to? END
START what is an example of the min nan texts? END
START what year was doctrina christiana en letra y lengua china written? END
START who wrote doctrina christiana en letra y lengua china? END
START what is the name of the earliest southern min colloquial text? END
START who has developed an alphabet based on pumindian? END
START where has the alphabet based on the ming dynasty script been published? END
START what is an example of the pumindian texts? END
START after 1587 who wrote the pumindian? END
START when was the play minnan fangyan-putonghua cidian written? END
START what is another name for unicode? END
START using precomposed or combining characters is called what? END
START all latin characters required by poj can be represented by what? END
START what is another term for interpunct? END
START what was not encoded before 1997? END
START before june 2004, what proposal has been made to the iso/iec? END
START what can all vowels required by poj be represented by? END
START what is expected to follow using diacritics? END
START what party wanted to make taiwanese a second official language? END
START what year was it proposed to make taiwanese the second official language? END
START how was the proposal taken from mainland and aboriginal groups? END
START hoklo objected to the proposal because it would increase what tensions? END
START what was the fate of the proposal to make taiwanese the second official language? END
START what did mainlander groups suggest in 2002? END
START how many seats in the legislature did taiwanese aboriginal groups have in 2002? END
START what groups suggested making taiwanese a second official language? END
START what would increase according to taiwan independence supporters who strongly opposed the proposal? END
START what happened to the proposal about the legislative yuan seats? END
START what is professional wrestling abbreviated as? END
START what are a couple of styles of combat based on? END
START who are live events held by? END
START what is professional wrestling? END
START what kind of style does wrestling show? END
START how are the actions conducted? END
START what are the fan encouraged to do? END
START how is the end result of the match planned out? END
START what do wrestlers have to say about the realness or fakeness of the matches? END
START what part of the world has wrestling become less popular in? END
START where did wrestling originally come from? END
START where was wrestling later showcased in north america? END
START what is wrestling now thought to be? END
START what did television do for wrestling? END
START where does the money made from wrestling come from? END
START where large places are some of the major wrestling shows held at? END
START what has the internet been utilized for in wrestling? END
START what wrestling shows occur yearly? END
START in which decade did wrestling start becoming very popular? END
START what is one popular wrestling film? END
START what award was the wrestler nominated for? END
START what are the names of a couple wrestling documentaries? END
START where does wrestling keep coming up as a subject? END
START what is the biggest wrestling company? END
START which companies are some of wwe's competition? END
START what are some other major wrestling companies? END
START what is the name of a japanese wrestling company? END
START who confessed that wrestling was not competition? END
START how have people reacted to the revelation that wrestling is purely entertainment? END
START how do many u.s. states handle wrestling? END
START how do the wrestlers treat the audience? END
START how does the audience being acknowledged by the wrestlers impact the show? END
START what can the audience do during a show? END
START what kind of conflict can arise during a show? END
START which of the wrestlers are the bad guys? END
START who wins in a wrestling match? END
START how could a wrestler win in the past? END
START how can a wrestler win in modern times? END
START in what instance will a match be declared a draw? END
START how long can a title match be? END
START what happens when a wrestler has a fall against them? END
START what kind of rules does a poly-sided match usually have? END
START what usually happens when two or more wrestlers are involved? END
START how can a champion lose a championship? END
START what is the most common of the special matches? END
START what must the wrestlers do in a ladder match? END
START how does one win a ladder match? END
START what is a common prize in a ladder match? END
START how many wrestlers are in a standard battle royal match? END
START what determines how the referee acts? END
START what is a common rule about referees?  END
START what are referees called? END
START how can a wrestler gain an advantage by using a referee?  END
START what kind of referees are occasionally used? END
START what are famous referees directed to do? END
START what do special referees have the ability to do? END
START what material is within a wrestling ring? END
START what is used for protection in the ring? END
START what is around the ring? END
START what does a "tag" entail? END
START what are two things that can be done with tagging? END
START how long does a wrestler have to leave the ring once they are tagged out? END
START how much time does a wrestler have once they tag in?  END
START why are tagging rules made? END
START what happens in a fatal four-way? END
START in a fatal four-way, who can make tags? END
START what was the most common type of match before the fatal four-way?  END
START at what point can a count be started?  END
START what can happen to an arrogant wrestler?  END
START what might a partially conscious wrestler do?  END
START what happens during a pin attempt? END
START what is a common offensive move to break a pin attack? END
START what can the referee consider a pin attempt to be, even if the attacker is still on top of the pinned wrester? END
START what is a pinning method that isn't allowed? END
START how often are illegal pinning methods seen by the referee? END
START what are the illegal pinning methods called? END
START can illegal pinning methods result in being disqualified?  END
START what happens with an illegal pinning move when it is seen by a referee?  END
START how can a wrestler willingly submit? END
START what is the move called where all limbs are incapicitated?  END
START what can a wrestler do to show a willing submission? END
START several well-known wrestlers were famous for winning with a move called what? END
START what move did tazz make popular? END
START what legitimate sport related to wrestling began to become popular? END
START many holds will leave what body parts free? END
START when must contact stop between wrestlers? END
START how might a wrestler attempt to break a submission hold? END
START how long does a wrestler have to get themselves free of the hold? END
START what happens if the wrestler doesn't break a hold? END
START how does a referee check for a knockout? END
START what happens if all wrestlers are down? END
START if all wrestlers are down, how long do they have to rise?  END
START what kind of match has to end in a knockout? END
START what is another name for a knockout? END
START in what case can a referee choose to end the match? END
START what is one reason that a wrestler may not be able to continue? END
START why couldn't shawn michaels defend himself?  END
START where did chris jericho win in 2008? END
START what are a couple other ways to write countout? END
START what happens during a countout? END
START what will some wrestlers do to take advantage of the countout?  END
START what is the trick of sliding in and then back out of the ring called? END
START what else is disqualification called? END
START how can a wrestler be disqualified?  END
START in what case can a countout and disqualification be done away with entirely?  END
START what are the usual reasons for an automatic disqualification?  END
START what must the referee do to rule the match at an end via disqualification? END
START in what case can a referee's decision be overturned? END
START what is it called when a ref is knocked out? END
START what can wrestlers do when a ref is out?  END
START what is one way a match can end? END
START what is one reason a draw can result? END
START what usually happens regarding a championship during a draw? END
START what is another name for a one hour draw? END
START what kind of injury can cause a no contest ruling? END
START how is no contest related to a draw, if at all? END
START how can a referee's action result in a no contest? END
START what is the point of a match? END
START higher attendance and more ticket sales can be the result of what? END
START though the contest is staged, what can garner more interest from the crowd?  END
START what do most wrestlers do, as far as how they act? END
START what is the name of one wrestler who acts like a cartoonish character?  END
START the rock's persona is seen as what?  END
START what is common apparel in lucha libre?  END
START what is the popular way for wrestlers to refer to one another? END
START other than a company, who else can own a character? END
START how can a wrestler get around changing their ring name entirely? END
START what else might a wrestler do to obtain their ring name? END
START what are other names for a protagonist? END
START what will an antagonist usually do? END
START what is a wrestler whose persona is somewhere between the two norms called? END
START who is generally the audience favorite?  END
START what might a character do with their persona? END
START what did hulk hogan become?  END
START who has the most turns in the wwe? END
START who is a wrestler who never turned?  END
START what did stone cold steve austin start as?  END
START what was the rock's original character?  END
START what did steve austin become?  END
START who helps out a wrestler with poor speaking abilities? END
START what sometimes happens with managers? END
START who else can perform the manager role? END
START who might participate in a love triangle story?  END
START what do most matches have? END
START what is it called when the protagonist loses? END
START what do they call it when a protagonist wins?  END
START what can be wagered in a match?  END
START what are rivalries often called? END
START how long might a feud last? END
START how long did the feud between ric flair and ricky steamboat last?  END
START what is an example of a popular feud? END
START what supernatural things have been portrayed in matches? END
START what can be used in a wrestling story?  END
START what romantic drama might be used in a story?  END
START what happens behind the scenes of a match? END
START who else do bookers focus on?  END
START who might they use a lower ranked title on? END
START what does it show when a wrestler has many titles? END
START what can be important in a wrestler's career?  END
START what do those accomplishments indicate?  END
START what has ric flair accomplished?  END
START who held 10 records at once?  END
START what occurs when a wrestler enters the ring? END
START what does the music playing indicate?  END
START what typically happens when a match is won? END
START what happens with many wrestlers? END
START who won the women's title in 1937? END
START what did mildred burke form? END
START what year did june byers retire?  END
START what year did mildred burke retire?  END
START what is professional female wrestling called in japan? END
START what is the short form for joshi puroresu? END
START what was the major joshi organization for two decades? END
START what does a mixed tag team consist of? END
START when did mixed tag teams start?  END
START what happened when a tag was made?  END
START what isn't uncommon in lucha libre? END
START when were intergender singles bouts fought on a national scale?  END
START who was the first woman to hold a belt that wasn't exclusive to women? END
START what was the record before it was stripped?  END
START who stripped the previous record?  END
START a wrestler may have a small person called what? END
START what else can a little person do in the match? END
START who was dave finlay often helped by? END
START what else did finlay do with his little person? END
START what happened to hornswoggle? END
START who are the most well-known wrestling bears? END
START what animal has been a part of wrestling for a long time? END
START what condition are bears usually brought in in? END
START who do the bears fight? END
START how many states have banned bear wrestling as of 2006? END
START what does every match have? END
START who is usually included in stories?  END
START what are the possibly outcomes of a story?  END
START what is doink the clown's persona like? END
START what might happen during interviews? END
START how do characters differ in mexican wrestling? END
START how are mexican wrestlers different?  END
START what do american wrestlers depend on?  END
START what else is lucha libre known for? END
START how does lucha libre's tag team matches differ?  END
START how is japanese wrestling similar to american? END
START how does japanese wrestling differ?  END
START what does japanese wrestling combine? END
START what is the emphasis placed on in japanese wrestling?  END
START what is a common background for a japanese wrestler?  END
START what is expected of newcomers?  END
START what were wrestlers expected to do for decades?  END
START how did wrestlers have to act in public?  END
START what effects can wrestling have on the wrestlers?  END
START what do the fans have? END
START what sometimes happens with fandoms?  END
START where have some wrestlers appeared? END
START what do some fans like to do? END
START what has the internet done for wrestling fans?  END
START many companies who handle wrestling footage have been founded since what decade? END
START what companies did wwf purchase in 2001?  END
START what kind of notoriety have wrestlers achieved? END
START what did the rock 'n' wrestling connection do? END
START what are some other career paths wrestlers embarked on? END
START name a popular series of boxing films? END
START who is the movie the baron about?  END
START what episode of south park dealt with wrestling? END
START what critically acclaimed wrestling film came out in 2008?  END
START many of what forms of entertainment have portrayed wrestlers?  END
START what other areas has wrestling garnered interest from? END
START what areas of study is wrestling talked about in? END
START what did heather levi write? END
START what college has a course about the cultural impact of wrestling? END
START what impact did the revelation of wrestling being "fixed" have? END
START when was roland barthes book published? END
START what did barthes believe a wrestler give the audience? END
START what was the name of roland barthes' essay? END
START what is wrestling sometimes called? END
START what is wrestling to people during a peaceful time? END
START what role does wrestling fill? END
START who has studied the lives of wrestlers? END
START when did beyond the mat come out?  END
START who hosts real sports? END
START who are a few wrestlers who have had memoirs written about them? END
START what are the risks of wrestling? END
START what is the ring commonly made of? END
START what are common injuries in wrestling? END
START what other injuries have been connected with wrestling? END
START chris benoit was involved in what tragic event?  END
START what does the film's quantum efficiency limit?  END
START what speed of film is produced by insensitive film?  END
START what leads to lower quality images? END
START what types of film are considered fast films? END
START what effect does highly sensitive film have on images? END
START what does insensitive film with a faster speed index need? END
START what does a sensitive film more of? END
START how is digital photography different from film? END
START higher sensitivity leads to greater what? END
START what does a grainier image limit? END
START what consists of 25 pigmented squares touching a plate below a phosphorescent tablet under the light of a burning magnesium ribbon? END
START what do degrees warnerke measure? END
START how much speed is associated with each degree warnerke? END
START what were usual ranges of warnerke speeds?  END
START what does the last exposed number on the plate represent?  END
START the warnerke standard sensitometer has 25 opaque what? END
START what measures the number of pigmented squares on the photographic plate? END
START degrees warneke represented the first what? END
START what was the range of the number of squares in a sensitometer? END
START each number represented a decrease of what? END
START who created the scheinergrade system?  END
START what is the scheinergrade system used for? END
START what do degrees scheiner indicate? END
START what is the range of scheiner speeds? END
START approximately how many degrees indicate double the sensitivity?  END
START what was the second use of the scheinergrade system? END
START what did an increment of 1 degree sch. correspond to? END
START what was 20 degrees sch. indicative of? END
START what measured the visible darkening of a developing photograph? END
START when did the scheinergrade system become outdated? END
START who developed a device that improved on the shortcomings of scheiner's invention? END
START what did the eder-hecht device measure? END
START what method did manufacturers use much of the time to compare film speeds? END
START what type of measurement methods began to proliferate? END
START what eliminated comparability? END
START who caused the shortcomings in the scheiner invention? END
START what device allowed manufacturers to reliably determine speed? END
START what was revised to a measure a tighter range? END
START what made comparability a more common option? END
START what scientist suggested comparing the systems? END
START when was the din system established?  END
START who created the din system? END
START what was proposed at the viii international congress of photography? END
START who presented the idea that grew into the din? END
START where was the viii international congress of photography held? END
START when were the drafts by deutscher normenausschu fr phototechnik made? END
START what was the abbreviation for the deutscher normenausschu fr phototechnik drafts? END
START when was deutsche gesellschaft fr photographische forschung founded? END
START where was emanuel goldberg from? END
START who founded the viii. international congress of photography? END
START what unit was used in the din to express speeds?  END
START how was sensitivity expressed at first in the din system? END
START when did the degree symbol fall out of use in the din system? END
START why did the definition of film speeds change considerably? END
START what happened to film speeds of black-and-white negative film? END
START what replaced the american asa ph2.5-1960 standard? END
START what system reintroduced the degree symbol? END
START what american standard abandoned the tenths method? END
START with emulsion changes, what did 18 din become? END
START what happened to film speeds after the introduction of the din 4512:1957-11? END
START what took the place of the german din 4512 system? END
START how is sensitivity shown in the iso systems? END
START what standards did the din begin to use? END
START when were the iso standards first adopted? END
START when were the last iso standards adopted?  END
START what did the german din 4512 supersede? END
START what german system wrote in a linear and logarithmic form? END
START what standards did din abandon? END
START when did the iso adopt the din standards? END
START when did din 4512-5:1990-11 replace din iso 5800:1998-06? END
START what system was used previous to the asa system? END
START who devised the weston film speed ratings?  END
START what company did dr. edward weston start?  END
START when was the weston model 617 created? END
START who is credited with creating the film and meter system? END
START who introduced the asa system? END
START when was the asa system introduced? END
START when was william nelson goodwin jr. born? END
START what medal did edward faraday weston win? END
START what did howard n. potts invent in 1932? END
START which cameras were first of their type to adopt the asa scale? END
START what were updated weston values based on? END
START how were weston values changed to asa values? END
START beginning with which year was the weston to asa conversion not necessary? END
START until what year did other models use the original weston scale? END
START which two models were introduced in 1949? END
START when did models move back to the weston scale? END
START what was added to convert weston values to the older meters? END
START what was necessary on meters manufactured after 1956? END
START when was the asa scale established? END
START which company adopted the asa scale in 1946? END
START beginning what year were cameras built with the asa meter? END
START how did older models convert to asa scale? END
START how was the asa scale shown on models built after 1946? END
START what were recommended film values lined up with after 1946? END
START what company stopped using asa in 1946? END
START when were the dw-48 and dw-49 models made? END
START what were models pre-1946 labeled with? END
START who refused to create replaceable hoods with asa scales? END
START what did the recommended film values no longer follow after 1946? END
START who pioneered research that led to the new ansi values? END
START what standards were the ansi developed from? END
START what types of film did the ansi measure? END
START when did the ansi define its new measure? END
START what were ansi values often called in the beginning? END
START who did research for general electric? END
START what was kodak renamed as? END
START what were the weston film speed ratings inspired by? END
START when did jones publish his research? END
START when was asa ph2.5-1954 released? END
START in what year were big changes made to the ansi? END
START what did the 1960 changes to film speed measures lead to? END
START which other system were these changes applied to? END
START in what year was the bs system modified? END
START what safety factors were done away with beginning with the modifications to the standards? END
START when were new safety factors put in place? END
START the nominal speed of what films were halved by abandoning safety factors? END
START a 400 asa became what after 1960? END
START when were changes applied to the din system? END
START the ilford hp3 changes were applied to what in the following years? END
START what is the plot from which film speed is derived called? END
START how many regions does the hurter-driffield curve have? END
START what is plotted in the hurter-driffield curve? END
START what is denoted when the specified contrast condition is met? END
START what are the five regions of the hurter-driffield curve? END
START what is film speed combined with to produce optical density? END
START what is a plot of film speed vs. log of exposure called? END
START how many speed points are there in a black and white film? END
START what is the point at which density is 0.1 less than the base + fog? END
START what is the iso arithmetic speed? END
START what is the effective f-number proportional to? END
START what is used to discover the right exposure parameters? END
START what variables help the photographer produce the desired effect? END
START a lens with a setting of f/1.4 lets how much to hit the focal plane compared with a setting of f/2? END
START in the apex system, the increment that doubles the exposure is called what? END
START what are appropriate exposure parameters used to find? END
START what is another name for film speed? END
START what system uses ratios? END
START the ratio between the diameter and square root of the aperture is called what? END
START how much does light does an f/2 let in as compared to an f/4? END
START what determines the effect on the emulsion after exposure? END
START in what range of exposures does reciprocity usually work? END
START how is the exposure of film changed? END
START how are ways of finding an emulsion's sensitivity possible? END
START what happens outside the 1/1000 second to 1/second exposure range? END
START what determines the amount of light energy that reaches the film? END
START multiplying the brightness of a light by a factor and decreasing the exposure by the same factor causes what to change? END
START how is the brightness of a light changed? END
START reciprocity only works outside of what ranges? END
START reciprocity holds because of what system? END
START what are two examples of films that are marketed with speeds above their true iso speed? END
START what speed of film is the ilford delta 3200? END
START which two companies produced e6 films meant for "pushing"? END
START what is the base speed of ektachrome p800/1600 and fujichrome p1600? END
START what type of films are ilford delta 3200 and kodak t-max p3200? END
START what cameras have speeds above what they are marketed as? END
START 3200 is the true iso of what film? END
START what is the true speed of the kodak t-max p3200 according to the data sheet? END
START what is the delta 3200 designed for?  END
START ilford delta and fuji marketed what kind of film? END
START what is another name for an exposure index rating? END
START how do some camera designs give some ei choices? END
START who provides the exposure index rating? END
START what are digital photo cameras also called? END
START what is an srgb image file commonly called? END
START the lightness of an srgb file is designed to be different from what? END
START what is adjusted prior to conversion to analog? END
START what do choices do camera designs not offer? END
START what does the choice of lightness parameters prevent? END
START what types of cameras have proven to be much more sensitive to light than film? END
START what iso equivalent speeds can digital cameras obtain? END
START what is responsible for these vast increases in speed? END
START what is one thing that limited speeds of older digital hardware? END
START what does the higher speed do for the images produced? END
START how has film surpassed digital cameras? END
START what is the highest iso speed a film camera can reach? END
START what, besides a faster processor, prevents processing from happening when a photo is taken? END
START what could earlier generations of digital cameras store? END
START which generation of cameras are capable of storing higher refined images? END
START how many techniques are available because of iso 12232:2006? END
START what techniques did cipa dc-004 provide? END
START what factors affect the exposure index rating? END
START what does the standard of iso 12232:2006 specify? END
START in what year did kodak start using a different way of characterizing two sensors? END
START when was iso 12232:2006 made public? END
START how many jpeg techniques were introduced in 1998? END
START what are the three techniques that affect iso? END
START how many techniques depend on sensor sensitivity? END
START when did kodak stop using variations of sensitivity? END
START what option does the recommended exposure index give manufacturers?  END
START what is another name for multi-zone metering? END
START what distinction does the recommended exposure index have? END
START when was the recommended exposure index introduced? END
START what is the only technique that can be used when multi-zone metering is used? END
START what standardized ei choices? END
START when was multi-zone metering introduced? END
START rei and what are the only techniques available under standard outputs? END
START what was retracted in the 2006 standards? END
START who created the 2006 standard? END
START what year was the standard output sensitivity technique introduced? END
START what does the standard output sensitivity technique apply to? END
START what is the output level measured in? END
START with what type of metering can the standard output sensitivity not be used? END
START with what standard is the automatic exposure control system calibrated? END
START what technique was removed in the 2006 standards? END
START when exposure is not automatically controlled, what is the gray set at? END
START how are files in raw measured? END
START multi-zone metering uses what iso calibration? END
START when was the sos technique applied to raw images? END
START which methods are required by cipa dc-004? END
START in what year did the three ei techniques from iso 12232:1998 largely stop being used? END
START with what cameras can earlier techniques not be used? END
START what nation's cameras does the cipa dc-004 apply to? END
START what does the dc-008 change? END
START how many techniques are widely used in new camera models? END
START when was the cipa dc-004 standard released? END
START which manufacturers are exempt from cipa dc-004? END
START after 2007, newer camera models started using what techniques again? END
START the three ei techniques have to be used on cameras that only capture in what format? END
START what does the sensor usually determine? END
START how can the saturation speed be increased? END
START what is indicated by the factor 2? END
START what can too much exposure lead to? END
START the lower limit of saturation speed leads to what? END
START what does the amplifier prevent from increasing? END
START why is the factor of 78 avoided? END
START a grey level of 12.7 results in what saturation? END
START what is the upper limit of saturation determined by? END
START which ratios are employed to calculate noise-based speed? END
START what is the noise-based speed? END
START how are the two ratios found? END
START what is a definition of signal-to-noise ratio? END
START what factors influence the noise-based speed? END
START which ratio was subjectively determined? END
START what are the individual pixels defined by? END
START what is the signal-to-noise ration? END
START how many pixels are in a 40:1 ratio image? END
START the weighted average of the luminance and the noise in the electronic gain is defined as what? END
START when should the noise-based speed be used? END
START what is the range for exposure latitude? END
START what is another speed that can also be reported by the camera? END
START why should noise-based speed be rounded down to a lower standard? END
START what does the standard specify? END
START a lower saturation-based speed would create a better what? END
START what is the ratio for the saturation-based speed? END
START is the sos rounded up or down? END
START how are underexposed images created? END
START why are saturation-based speeds rounded down? END
START what measures might the user "iso" setting correspond to? END
START what did the 1998 version of iso 12232 not permit? END
START what types of sensitivity ratings can be specified by a camera? END
START what standards changed what japanese camera makers have to specify? END
START in what year was cipa dc-004 introduced? END
START cameras must indicate when the iso setting refers to what? END
START the 1998 iso 12232 allowed for what type of compression? END
START what publication affected japanese digital still cameras in 1998? END
START when was the tiff file created? END
START the iso 12232 requires manufacturures to specify what about a sensitivity rating? END
START how man feet above sea level is mexico city END
START how many municipalities are in mexico city? END
START what did they used to call the municipalities within mexico city? END
START what is the spanish word for mexico city? END
START how many meters above sea is mexico city? END
START how big is mexico city's gdp? END
START how much bigger is mexico city's gdp's than costa rica's? END
START what percent of the mexican gdp is the metropolitan area of mexico city responsible for? END
START which country has about the same size gdp as mexico city? END
START what was the original name of mexico city? END
START who originally built mexico city? END
START when was the federal district formed? END
START where was the city first built? END
START when was mexico city officially founded by the spanish? END
START why can't mexico city become a state? END
START when did people become able to vote for representation? END
START what political party controls the mexico city legislature?  END
START what was mexico city's old affiliation with the nation of mexico? END
START how are officials elected to the legislature?  END
START what was the labor draft called? END
START who helped build infrastructure around the lake? END
START what was the main problem with being so close to the lake? END
START what was a negative of regulating the lake's water height? END
START how many indians helped build the infrastructure?  END
START what is a common nickname for mexico city? END
START how did mexican nobles spend money in mexico city? END
START when did the construction of exuberant houses slow down? END
START when did mexico gain independence?  END
START how long was the war? END
START what was the first battle of the mexican independence war called?  END
START what was the battle cry of the war? END
START when did the war begin? END
START who commanded the u.s. army in the battle against mexico city? END
START what war did america and mexico fight in? END
START when did the battle for mexico city take place END
START what american divisions got into mexico city? END
START who led the 4th division? END
START what treaty was signed? END
START who were the future confederate generals? END
START who carried the castle? END
START when did the castle fall? END
START when was most of the urbanization completed?  END
START the extensive modernization started with what? END
START what was built during the modernization? END
START what famous street was built during this period of modernization? END
START what was turned into a monument after the war?  END
START who was the man behind the modernization of mexico city? END
START why wasn't diaz's plan completed?  END
START what was the overall design plan of mexico city? END
START what was the main construction project in the profirian/french style? END
START who was the leader at the end of the mexican revolution? END
START where was alvaro obregon killed?  END
START when was alvaro obregon killed?  END
START where were the zapatist forces from? END
START who was the third to last leader before the end of the mexican revolution? END
START how many of the industrial jobs in the county were based in mexico city in the late 20th century? END
START what did the countryside workers make to live in?  END
START what did the shantytowns create? END
START what day of the week did the major earthquake strike mexico city? END
START how strong was the powerful earthquake that hit mexico city in 1985? END
START what month did the 8.1 earthquake hit mexico city in 1985? END
START why did the one-party government struggle after the major earthquake in 1985? END
START who led the rescue effort after the earthquake of 1985? END
START what is the minimum height in meters of the region mexico city is located in? END
START where is mexico city located? END
START how high do the mountains get in mexico city's region? END
START why is mexico city vulnerable to flooding? END
START how does the city prevent flooding? END
START when did draining of lake texcoco begin? END
START how much water is there, approximately, in the lake mexico city is on? END
START how much has the city fallen? END
START what does mexico city rest on? END
START where are most of the trees located in mexico city? END
START how much rain falls on mexico city? END
START when is it warm, yet does not rain? END
START when does the majority of the rain fall in mexico city? END
START when is it coldest in mexico city? END
START what mostly controls the rain in mexico city? END
START what happened to the dikes the aztecs built? END
START where does the lake still remain? END
START who first built the dikes in lake texcoco? END
START what made up lake texcoco? END
START where is the lake located in atenco? END
START how bad is the ozone in mexico city? END
START carbon monoxide levels are about 3 times lower now than in what year? END
START what city is similar to mexico city in terms of pollution? END
START when mexico one of the worst cities in terms of pollution?  END
START who decides safe levels of o-zone in cities? END
START what is the bus system called in mexico city? END
START what is the bike-sharing program called in mexico city? END
START how many days a week does the city encourage people to go without a car? END
START what pollutants does the city closely monitor? END
START how often do citizens need to get their cars examined? END
START what was the other city in the running to become capital of mexico? END
START what part of the constitution established the right to create a capital city? END
START when was the federal constitution signed?  END
START what type of land is mexico city? END
START who is in charge of the land of mexico city according to the original constitution? END
START when was mexico city declared the capital? END
START how large was the area the federal government would proclaim to be the capital? END
START where was the state government located when mexico city was declared the capital? END
START what is the palace of the inquisition known as now? END
START where was the government of mexico city moved to at the time it was declared capital of mexico? END
START how many smaller cities did mexico city make up at its height? END
START what is the current area of mexico city? END
START how large was mexico city at its largest? END
START when was the boundaries of the city last adjusted?  END
START who increased the size of mexico city to it's largest? END
START when were the powers of the municipalities of mexico city first reduced? END
START when was the autonomy of the municipalities eliminated? END
START how many boroughs did the city consist of when they were first established?  END
START who first reduced the power of the municipalities of mexico city? END
START who led mexico city? END
START when was the general anaya borough officially merged into mexico city? END
START how man boroughs was the borough of mexico city split into in 1970? END
START how many districts does the federal government control in 1970? END
START which boroughs was the mexico city borough split into? END
START if mexico city was declared a state, how many states would be in the federation? END
START what event caused the citizens to reconsider how the government of mexico city was set up? END
START what do people call the leader of mexico city? END
START who declared the "mayor" of mexico city? END
START what state does mexico city belong to? END
START when did the federal district receive more power?  END
START when did citizens receive the right to elect the head of the federal district? END
START how is the leader of mexico city now established? END
START what gave the federal district more autonomy?  END
START who was elected to be the head of government in 2006? END
START why did the first elected head of government of mexico city resign? END
START who was the second head of government elected? END
START who was head of government after the first elected head of government? END
START who was the first woman to run mexico city? END
START what is the local government of mexico city called? END
START how is the local government of mexico city formed? END
START what is the proportionality voting referred to in mexico city? END
START how many representatives make up the federal district? END
START what is the maximum percentage of seats a single party can control? END
START how many seats of the uninominal elections did the prd get in the 2006 elections? END
START why does the government prevent more than 63% of a party to control the legislature?  END
START when was gay marriage legalized in mexico city? END
START what political leaning does mexico city take? END
START when were the economic laws passed in mexico city? END
START compared to other cities in latin america, how early did mexico city legalize same sex marriage? END
START how many boroughs make up mexico city? END
START how are the heads of the boroughs elected? END
START how were the heads of the boroughs originally established?  END
START who provides the city services? END
START when did election of borough heads begin? END
START what is the oldest part of the city? END
START how old are the oldest buildings in mexico city? END
START what used to be the main party district of mexico city? END
START what is the center of the lgbt community in mexico city? END
START what district is known for its art deco architecture?  END
START where are many of the wealthy neighborhoods located?  END
START what is the mexican name for the historic center? END
START which rich neighborhood has a strong problem of impoverished lands around it? END
START where are many of the corporate headquarters and other tall buildings located? END
START what type of population lives in tiahuac? END
START how is milpa alta constructed?  END
START where is the world trade center? END
START what is the name of one of the rich neighborhoods south of the city? END
START where is much of the industry now located? END
START what is ciudad satelite? END
START where is gustavo a. madero? END
START how many boroughs had very high hdi scores in 2005? END
START how many boroughs had high (not very high) hdi scores? END
START which borough had the highest hdi score? END
START what borough was the second highest hdi score? END
START what year was the report that said 3 boroughs had very high hdi scores? END
START what borough had the lowest hdi score in the federal district? END
START which borough had the lowest hdi score? END
START what rank was milpa alta nationally in terms of hdi score? END
START all boroughs except for milpa alta were in what ranking of hdi score? END
START what score did milpa alta get on the hdi test? END
START how large is the budget of the imss? END
START what is the name of one of the great hospitals in mexico city? END
START what is an organization that has a large presence in the city? END
START what is the name of a large facility run by the imss in mexico city? END
START what do new cars in mexico need to have? END
START when did the underground rail system begin construction? END
START how many people ride the mexico city subway system each day? END
START how many days of the year in 1991 was the air pollution a serious health risk? END
START what is one way the government helps with the "crush" of the rush hour riding of the subway system? END
START what percentage of the national gdp does the federal district produce? END
START what is the gdp of mexico city? END
START what ranking in terms of gdp is mexico city globally? END
START what percentage of service sector national gdp does mexico city account for? END
START by what year will the mexico city gdp double by, according to research? END
START who privatized the airlines of mexico? END
START who signed nafta for mexico? END
START what did nafta do to the businesses in mexico city? END
START where did the factories of mexico city move to most commonly? END
START in 1921, what percent of mexico city's population mestizo? END
START how many people lived in mexico city in 1921? END
START what percentage of mexico city's population was indigenous in 1921? END
START how many people live in the federal district?  END
START what is the overall population of mexico city in 2008? END
START what was the migration rate of mexico city from 95-2000? END
START compared to other cities in mexico, mexico city's growth is? END
START what countries do most of the south american immigrants come from? END
START where do most of the asian immigrants come from? END
START when did filipinos start migrating to mexico city? END
START who designated the floating gardens as a world heritage site? END
START the historic center and the floating gardens are both examples of what? END
START when was the templo mayor found? END
START how was templo mayor discovered?  END
START what is the most popular icon of mexico city? END
START who made the angel of independence? END
START the angel of independence is over the roadway that connects what? END
START how long is the longest avenue in mexico city? END
START what is the name of the longest avenue in mexico city? END
START chapultepec castle is located where? END
START where is the national museum of anthropology located? END
START when did construction of the fine arts palace end? END
START what is the name of the tour bus that shows off the monuments of mexico city? END
START why did the construction of the fine arts palace take so long? END
START how many museums are in mexico city? END
START how many art galleries are in mexico city? END
START how many concert halls are in mexico city? END
START who has painted murals all over the city? END
START where is the house that leon trotsky was murdered? END
START how large is the metro system of mexico city? END
START when was the mexico city metro system first opened? END
START how many lines are in the metro system? END
START how many people ride the metro system each day? END
START how many stations are in the mexico city metro system? END
START what is the name of the city's fast bus line? END
START when did metrobus begin services? END
START when did the second line of metrobus open? END
START how many people ride the metrobus every day? END
START april 2012 was the year which metrobus line opened? END
START what are the one-way roads in mexico city called? END
START what is different about the second level roads? END
START when were these second level roads opened? END
START what main road leads to the airport? END
START what connects santa fe and the southwestern part of the city? END
START how do people know which days to not drive their car? END
START how many cars were still restricted in 2003? END
START when were new emisson standards enacted? END
START how can cars get exempt from the restrictions? END
START what is the name of the parking meter system in mexico city? END
START who operates the parking meters? END
START how much money a month do the parking meters bring in? END
START what are the hours of mexico city parking meters? END
START how many parking meters were installed as of october 2013? END
START what is the name of the city's bike sharing system? END
START when did the bike sharing system of the city begin? END
START how many bikes are involved in the bike share system? END
START what do they call the bike paths in mexico city? END
START what country is the inspiration for mexico city's new programs? END
START what is the name of the major airport in mexico city? END
START what is the short hand code for mexico city's largest airport? END
START about how many passengers come through the mexico city international airport each year? END
START what is the name of the smaller airport near mexico city? END
START how many passengers come through adolfo lopez mateos international airport? END
START when did the second terminal open at the mexico city airport? END
START how many national airlines are there in mexico? END
START how many of the main mexican airlines are based in mexico city? END
START what is the new city that will be added to the group of mexican airports around mexico city? END
START when were the new plans of the airport revealed? END
START when are the new plans supposed to come to fruition for the airport? END
START how many runways will be in the new airport? END
START how many passengers will the new airport be able to handle? END
START how much does the new airport cost? END
START when did mexico city lost most of its artifacts?  END
START when did the complex art of mexico city begin? END
START what holds most of the old art of the mexico city region? END
START what are the main artifacts that have survived?  END
START what comprised most of the early art of mexico city? END
START most of the art since the aztecs took what style?  END
START whose art is displayed at the large cathedral in mexico city? END
START "the little horse" is also known as what? END
START who created "the little horse?" END
START what is the large art school in mexico city? END
START where does most of the artwork produced as the academia de san carlos get featured?  END
START who is one of the most famous people to graduate from the large art school of mexico city? END
START the san carlos museum has art from who, among others? END
START who was a big proponent of modernism in art? END
START when did artists start to immigrate to mexico city? END
START who was a famous engraver that migrated to mexico city? END
START what was the popular graphics workshop mission? END
START what nationality was remedios varas? END
START when was the museo tamayo opened? END
START who's art collection was the reason the museo tamayo opened? END
START where was rufino tamayo born? END
START what type of art is shown in the museo carrillo gil? END
START what famous art building was opened in late 2008? END
START who is the museo soumaya named after? END
START what city houses the only collection of rodin sculptures that is larger than the one in mexico city? END
START what other famous sculpture has had his art displayed at the museo soumaya? END
START when did the new design of the museum open? END
START how many years worth of art does the museum in the historic center hold? END
START when did the museum of remembrance and tolerance open? END
START what main event inspired the museum of remembrance and tolerance? END
START the exhibit inaugurated by the dalai lama opened when? END
START what is the main subject of the museum of remembrance and tolerance? END
START where does the mexico city philharmonic perform? END
START when was the first wrap-around concert hall in the western hemisphere opened? END
START what is the name of one of the main orchestras of mexico city? END
START the palace of fine arts hosts what main symphony?  END
START what does ofunam stand for? END
START how many people does the national auditorium hold? END
START what main languages are supported by shows at the national auditorium? END
START what year was the national auditorium voted best in the world? END
START how can you see the grand opera of new york in mexico city? END
START how many sets are in the teatro metropolitan? END
START the foro sol stadium hols how many people? END
START where does cirque du soleil go in mexico city? END
START the pepsi center world trade center holds how many people? END
START where is the centro cultural universitario? END
START the ccu holds, in addition to a music theater, what? END
START the former ministry of foreign affairs had a cultural center opened in what year? END
START what is the name of the ccu center opened in 2007? END
START where is tlatelolco located? END
START what makes the papalote children's museum so famous? END
START where is the papalote children's museum located? END
START what is the largest amusement park in latin america? END
START what borough is six flags mexico located? END
START what city has the largest outdoor ice skating rink in the world? END
START where is the mexican film library located? END
START what large movie festival is hosted at the mexican film library? END
START what are the two large movie companies in mexico? END
START what type of theaters does mexico city have the most of compared to other cities? END
START how many states does mexico have? END
START what are some international cuisines offered in mexico city? END
START what other specific types of food does the city offer? END
START what opera legend also has a famous restaurant in mexico city? END
START what famous italian restaurant also has a branch in mexico city? END
START what is one of the famous lima-based restaurants in mexico city? END
START what japanese restaurant also has a branch in mexico city? END
START what famous soccer stadium is in mexico city? END
START how many fans does azteca stadium hold? END
START what is the largest stadium in latin america? END
START what year did mexico most recently host the world cup? END
START what division are the mexico city soccer teams in? END
START what year did mexico city host the olympics? END
START which american city did mexico city defeat to host the 1968 olympics? END
START what year did mexico city first host the pan america games? END
START what famous form of wrestling is native to mexico? END
START what are the main arenas for lucha libre? END
START what university is the largest of the continent? END
START how many students attend unam? END
START what percent of scientific research is done at unam? END
START what worldwide ranking does unam hold? END
START what is the main campus of unam called? END
START what is the second biggest education center in mexico city? END
START what american university has a big campus in mexico city? END
START what does the university of california call its campus in mexico city? END
START where is the universidad tecnologica located?  END
START who is in charge of the education in mexico city? END
START what is the public high school system called in mexico city? END
START who allocates the funding of the school systems? END
START who created el colegio nacional? END
START where do the superior artists and scientists of mexico city have the option to attend? END
START what must members of el colegio nacional do? END
START what is el colegio nacional modeled after? END
START how many newspaper call mexico city home? END
START what is one of the main papers of mexico city? END
START what american magazines have a footprint in mexico city? END
START how many entertainment magazines are published in mexico city? END
START what are mobile markets in mexico city called? END
START how is the retail market of mexico city? END
START what is a common way stores are distributed in mexico city? END
START what is the spectrum of gods you can get in mexico city? END
START what are the markets called that are located and run by the boroughs? END
START what are some of the traditional drinks of mexico city? END
START what is the centerpiece of mexico city's markets END
START the author uses which adjective to describe the mercados? END
START similar tianguis might set up shop where? END
START what is the most basic way a street vendor might sell their goods? END
START street vendors might sell their goods in official places as well as where? END
START where is the chapultepec zoo located? END
START when was the chapultepec zoo opened? END
START what sets the zoo san juan de aragon apart from the others? END
START how big is the zoo los coyotes? END
START how many animals inhabit zoo los coyotes? END
START who termed the slogan "la ciudad de la esperanza?" END
START what is the nickname of the city that the government is trying to push now? END
START how is the city commonly abbreviated? END
START when did the abbreviation cdmx begin to take hold? END
START who more recently tried to change the nickname of mexico city? END
START what are locals of mexico city called? END
START what do mexicans call mexico city? END
START how do mexicans take being called "chilangos?" END
START what nickname are residents of mexico given that more reflects the spanish influence of the city? END
START what is the "official" term to denote a citizen of mexico city? END
START how many crimes occurred around the turn of the latest century?  END
START why might more than 500 crimes have occurred each day at the turn of the century instead of the officially reported number? END
START what mexican mayor tried to crack down on crime immensely?  END
START what is one way the city tried to combat crime? END
START what is the ratio of cops to citizens in mexico city? END
START when was napoleon bonaparte born? END
START what was napoleon bonaparte's nationality? END
START when did napoleon bonaparte's empire finally collapse? END
START when did napoleon bonaparte die? END
START during what historical event did napoleon rise to prominence? END
START where was napoleon born? END
START when was napoleon banished from corsica? END
START at what age did napoleon receive command of the army of italy? END
START who did napoleon fight his first military campaign against? END
START when did napoleon command his military expedition to egypt? END
START napoleon's political power was secured by his victory at which 1800 battle? END
START at the concordat of 1801, napoleon restored the religious privileges of what entity?  END
START when did the french senate declare napoleon emperor? END
START napoleon's victory at which battle led to the end of the holy roman empire? END
START the results of which battle allowed the british to blockade french coasts? END
START what region did napoleon invade in an effort to extend the continental system? END
START who did napoleon declare king of spain in 1808? END
START how long did the peninsular war last? END
START napoleon's victory at which battle resulted in the destruction of the fifth coalition? END
START by 1811, what was the population of napoleon's empire? END
START what nation did napoleon invade in 1812 to enforce his blockade? END
START the 1812 invasion of russia resulted in the collapse of which military unit? END
START in what year was the sixth coalition formed? END
START in addition to russia, the sixth coalition consisted of forces from which two nations? END
START in what year did the allies capture paris and force napoleon's abdication? END
START who was napoleon's father? END
START who was napoleon's mother? END
START on what island was the bonaparte ancestral home located? END
START what was the name of napoleon's family home? END
START napoleon was most likely named after what family relation? END
START when did napoleon begin religious schooling in autun? END
START where was the first military academy napoleon attended located? END
START what was napoleon's first language? END
START why did other students often tease napoleon? END
START according to a school examiner, napoleon was best at which academic subject? END
START when did napoleon graduate? END
START what commission did napoleon receive upon his graduation? END
START what military unit did napoleon first serve in after his graduation? END
START what corsican leader did napoleon write in 1789 expressing his nationalist sentiments? END
START when did the revolution begin? END
START where was napoleon put under house arrest? END
START what historical event brought about the fall of the robespierres? END
START when did the thermidorian reaction take place? END
START at the time of his house arrest, napoleon was serving with what military entity? END
START after his house arrest, who was the commissar that napoleon sent a letter to protesting innocence? END
START who did napoleon become engaged to in 1795? END
START in april 1795, what military organization was napoleon assigned to? END
START at the time of napoleon's assignment, what military struggle was the army of the west engaged in? END
START which older brother of napoleon's did dsire clary's sister julie marry? END
START what excuse did napoleon use to avoid being assigned to an infantry command? END
START after his move to the committee of public safety, where did napoleon unsuccessfully attempt to be transferred to? END
START inspired by his own relationship, what romantic tale did napoleon author? END
START on what date was napoleon taken off the list of generals in service due to his refusal to serve in vende? END
START in which department of the committee of public safety did napoleon serve? END
START napoleon's novella "clisson et eugnie" was based on his relationship with whom? END
START after his marriage, napoleon left paris to lead what army? END
START in which series of battles did napoleon eliminate the forces of piedmont from the war? END
START when did the french victory at rivoli occur? END
START up to how many austrian soldiers died at rivoli? END
START around how many casualties did the french suffer at rivoli? END
START in what year were the french defeated in southern germany by the archduke charles? END
START after napoleon's attack, the archduke pulled back his forces to defend which city? END
START what was the first noteworthy confrontation between napoleon and the archduke charles? END
START when did the battle of tarvis take place? END
START approximately how close did the french incursion into leoben come to reaching vienna? END
START what was napoleon's favorite strategy? END
START how many prisoners did napoleon's army capture in the italian campaign? END
START how many cannons did napoleon's army capture in the italian campaign? END
START in what area did the french army display superior technology to its opponents? END
START how many standards did napoleon's army capture in the italian campaign? END
START for what action during the italian campaign did the royalists condemn bonaparte? END
START about how much money did napoleon's army take from italy during the conflict there? END
START approximately how many valuable paintings and sculpture's did napoleon's forces loot from italy during the campaign there? END
START what was the name of the general sent to paris by napoleon to organize a coup against the royalists there? END
START napoleon's peace negotiations with austria brought about what treaty? END
START before landing at alexandria, napoleon succeeded in evading what military entity? END
START on what date did napoleon land at alexandria? END
START what battle did napoleon fight against the mamluks? END
START what was the name of egypt's dominant military class? END
START roughly how many egyptians lost their lives in the battle of the pyramids? END
START in what battle did the british fleet seize or destroy most of the french vessels in egypt? END
START who led the british during the battle of the nile? END
START in what year did napoleon lead his army into damascus? END
START approximately how many troops were in the army napoleon led into damascus? END
START during the battles in damascus, the attack on which city was know for its brutality? END
START how many men were in napoleon's army when the battle began? END
START how many soldiers in napoleon's army died in combat? END
START how many soldiers from napoleon's army were reported missing? END
START what disease took the heaviest toll on napoleon's army? END
START to speed his retreat to egypt, napoleon ordered the poisoning of sick men with what substance? END
START napoleon's ally roger ducos was the speaker for what organization? END
START on what date did napoleon's alliance overthrow the directory? END
START napoleon's successful coup against the directory resulted in the closure of what organization? END
START after his successful coup against the directory, what political office did napoleon assume? END
START what was the count of the popular vote in favor of the "constitution of the year viii"? END
START what was historian martin lyons' term for the political system created by napoleon? END
START  what was the name of the constitution drafted by napoleon? END
START   after his election to first consul, where did napoleon take up residence? END
START  what percentage of the vote was recorded as approving napoleon's constitution? END
START  what was the real number of people that took part in the plebiscite that passed napoleon's constitution? END
START in what year did napoleon and his troops cross the swiss alps and enter italy? END
START who led the french army defending genoa against the austrian siege? END
START  what was the date of the battle of marengo? END
START who led the austrian forces at the battle of marengo? END
START how many troops did napoleon field at the battle of marengo? END
START from what direction did napoleon elect to invade italy? END
START  what direction did french invasions of italy normally come from? END
START around how long did it take napoleon to push austria out of italy in his first experiences there? END
START how long did it take napoleon to drive austria from italy in 1800? END
START according to alfred von shlieffen, what was the object of napoleon's 1800 italian campaign? END
START where did the victory for napoleon that secured his political power and increased his popularity in france occur? END
START where did the negotiations with austria led by napoleon's brother take place? END
START what was the name of the general ordered by napoleon to launch another attack against austria? END
START what was the name of the treaty signed by the austrians as a result of their defeat at hohenlinden? END
START where did moreau achieve his major victory against austria in december 1800? END
START what 1802 treaty between britain and france ended the revolutionary wars? END
START what year was the treaty of amiens signed? END
START in what year did french voters approve a constitution making the consulate permanent? END
START what percentage of the french vote approved napoleon's new constitution? END
START what position was napoleon granted in article 1 of the new french constitution? END
START during the short peace in europe, where did napoleon turn his focus? END
START during the revolutionary war, which french colony had moved towards political independence? END
START  who was the de facto ruler of saint-domingue in 1801? END
START in february of what year did the national convention vote to get rid of slavery? END
START what was the name of the french general who led the forces that attempted to regain control of sainte-domingue? END
START what was the name of the assassination plot against napoleon also known as the infernal machine? END
START  when did the conspiration des poignards take place? END
START what  family was supposed to have supported the january 1804 assassination plot targeting napoleon? END
START  what was another name for the conspiration des poignards? END
START the kidnapping of the duke of enghien violated the sovereignty of what locale? END
START the imperial system napoleon created was based on what model? END
START what did napoleon use to justify his creation of an imperial system? END
START napoleon wrote his family's succession into the constitution in an attempt to prevent the restoration of what former ruling family? END
START napoleon was elected emperor of the french by more than what percentage of voters? END
START about how many voters participated in the election that made napoleon emperor of the french? END
START on what date did napoleon's coronation occur? END
START how many crowns were used in napoleon's coronation ceremony? END
START other than france, what country was napoleon crowned king of? END
START when was napoleon crowned king of italy? END
START where was napoleon crowned king of italy? END
START what was the name of the invasion force napoleon assembled before the creation of the third coalition? END
START where in northern france were the camps of the arme d'angleterre located? END
START what country was the arme d'angleterre intended to strike at? END
START what was the name of the later military organization that the arme d'angleterre formed the foundation of? END
START how many men were in the grande arme by 1805? END
START napoleon acknowledged that the fleet of france was no match for what rival fleet in direct combat? END
START  napoleon's plan to divert the british involved a french navy attack on what islands? END
START  napoleon hoped an attack on the west indies would cause the british to lessen their defenses where? END
START  napoleon's naval plan came apart after british triumph at which battle? END
START when did the battle of cape finisterre occur? END
START by august 1805, napoleon changed the primary target of his army's efforts from the english channel to what area? END
START  on what date did french troops begin to cross the rhine? END
START how many french troops were involved in the crossing of the rhine? END
START who was the austrian commander who led the army at the fortress of ulm? END
START how many casualties did the french suffer at the battle of ulm? END
START in november, after the ulm campaign, what city was captured by french forces? END
START  how many muskets did the french capture in the fall of vienna? END
START how many cannons did the french capture when vienna fell? END
START when was the battle of austerlitz fought? END
START in what country was the battle of austerlitz fought? END
START the allied defeat at what location caused emperor francis to doubt the chances of the war effort? END
START what was the name of the treaty signed by france and austria on 26 december? END
START on what date was the treaty of pressburg signed? END
START the treaty of pressburg resulted in which country leaving the war? END
START how much did the habsburgs have to pay as a result of the treaty of pressburg? END
START napoleon's master plan was to establish a french presence in what part of the world? END
START in 1806, what ottoman ruler recognized napoleon as emperor? END
START in what year did ottoman emperor selim iii recognize napoleon as emperor? END
START napoleon formed an alliance with the empire of which persian ruler? END
START in what year did napoleon's franco-persian alliance end? END
START what is the name of the political body composed of german states established by napoleon in 1806? END
START when was the confederation of the rhine formed? END
START the existence of the confederation of the rhine brought about the end of which imperial power? END
START  which prussian ruler chose to go to war with france for control of central europe? END
START what other royal figure strongly influenced frederick william iii's decision to go to war with france? END
START how many troops did napoleon use for the invasion of prussia? END
START  what river did the french cross to engage the prussian army? END
START to whom did napoleon send a letter detailing his plans for the campaign with prussia? END
START  on what date were the battles of jena and auerstedt fought? END
START how many prussian soldiers were captured at the battles of jena and auerstedt? END
START in what 1806 proclamation did napoleon begin to impose the continental system? END
START  what was the system napoleon imposed though the berlin decree? END
START when was the berlin decree issued? END
START in what year was the battle of eylau? END
START in what 14 june conflict did napoleon win a decisive victory over the russians? END
START what is the name of the duke who pressured alexander to make peace with napoleon? END
START  which ocean territories did napoleon demand russia cede to france as part of the terms for peace? END
START what was the name of the new kingdom napoleon created from prussian territories? END
START what was the name of the younger brother who napoleon appointed as the ruler of westphalia? END
START  what was the name of the series of agreements that ended war for a time and allowed napoleon to return to france? END
START where did the agreements that gave napoleon time to structure his empire take place? END
START one of napoleon's primary goals was to enforce the continental system against whom? END
START napoleon chose to focus his attention on which country that flouted his trade restrictions? END
START in what year did portugal experience defeat in the war of the oranges? END
START after the franco-spanish loss at trafalgar, john vi resumed relations with what nation? END
START when did napoleon's invasion of portugal begin? END
START how many troops did napoleon send to begin the invasion of portugal? END
START who did napoleon select to lead the troops sent to invade portugal? END
START the invasion of portugal was the beginning of what six-year conflict? END
START how many troops did marshal murat lead into spain? END
START at which 1808 meeting did napoleon attempt to keep the russians on his side for future conflicts? END
START in what year was the congress of erfurt held? END
START the erfurt convention insisted that britain stop war against which nation? END
START the erfurt convention recognized the russian takeover of which formerly swedish possession? END
START when was the battle of corunna fought? END
START napoleon left iberia for central europe to deal with whom? END
START approximately how many french troops were kept in iberia during the peninsular war? END
START during the peninsular war, in what country did guerrilla warfare frequently occur? END
START by what year did the allies force the french out of the iberian peninsula? END
START  in what year did the invasion of russia take place? END
START who was the prussian ruler who at first  claimed he would help austria in its battle with france, but later refused to? END
START the finance minister of austria predicted that if the country kept its large army mobilized, the national treasury would be bankrupt by the middle of what year? END
START  which archduke warned that austria wasn't prepared for an additional conflict with napoleon? END
START on what date did the austrian government secretly decide on going to war with france? END
START on what date did the austrian army first cross the inn river? END
START  where was napoleon when he received news of an austrian invasion? END
START  when napoleon reached donauwrth, how much distance were the wings of the grande arme separated by? END
START what was the name of the plan napoleon devised to cut off the austrians during battle? END
START what was the name of the conflict where the french defeated austrian forces and forced them to withdraw to bohemia? END
START on what date did the main austrian army arrive at the marchfield? END
START  who led the main austrian army? END
START on what date did french forces make their first significant attempt to cross the danube? END
START how many soldiers did charles initially lead against the french at the battle of aspern-essling? END
START around how many casualties did the french experience at the battle of aspern-essling? END
START approximately how long did napoleon take to prepare another danube crossing after his defeat at aspern-essling? END
START on what date did the french begin the re-crossing of the danube? END
START  approximately how many french troops met charles at the battle of wagram? END
START how many austrian troops did charles lead at the battle of wagram? END
START how long did the battle of wagram last? END
START what was the name of the campaign by the british in holland that created a second front in the war? END
START the walcheren campaign was intended to relieve the military pressure on whom? END
START  on what date did the british army arrive on walcheren? END
START what was the popular name of the disease that caused many casualties during the walcheren campaign? END
START when did the british withdraw from walcheren? END
START when was the treaty of schnbrunn signed? END
START the goal of metternich and archduke charles regarding the treaty of schnbrunn was to attempt the preservation of what? END
START in the treaty of schnbrunn, what territory was given to the poles? END
START in the treaty of schnbrunn, who received the salzburg area of the tyrol? END
START approximately how many subjects did austria lose as the result of the changes brought about by the treaty of schnbrunn? END
START after the war, what did napoleon focus on? END
START  when did napoleon divorce josephine? END
START after his divorce from josephine, who did napoleon marry? END
START how old was archduchess marie louise when she married napoleon? END
START  when did marie louise give birth? END
START what meeting did napoleon and czar alexander participate in in 1808? END
START in what year did the congress of erfurt take place? END
START  where did napoleon and czar alexander first meet? END
START in what year did napoleon and czar alexander first meet? END
START violations of what napoleonic policy by russia led to tensions between russia and france? END
START what did napoleon name the war with russia in an effort to garner support from poland? END
START what was the name of the 1768 war that involved the bar confederation uprising against russia? END
START polish nationalists wanted russian territories in poland to be joined with which national entity? END
START napoleon rejected polish demands for an independent state because of prior promises to which ally? END
START during france's retreat, atrocities were committed against french soldiers by which russian subjects? END
START to avoid direct fighting with napoleon, the russians retreated into which country? END
START where did the russians try to resist napoleon and get defeated? END
START in what month were the russians defeated at smolensk? END
START what methods used by the russian army made it hard for the french to find food? END
START outside what city did the battle of borodino occur? END
START on what date did the battle of borodino take place? END
START approximately how many russians were hurt, killed, or captured in the battle of borodino? END
START  around how many french were killed, injured, or taken prisoner in the battle of borodino? END
START who won the battle of borodino? END
START when napoleon entered moscow, he expected an offer of peace from whom? END
START what was the name of the governor who ordered the burning of moscow? END
START how long did napoleon stay in moscow before leaving? END
START what 1812 event turned napoleon's attention back to france? END
START approximately how many french men and horses froze to death on the night of 8/9 november? END
START the allies suggested peace terms in which set of proposals? END
START when were the frankfurt proposals made? END
START the frankfurt proposals allowed napoleon to retain what position in france? END
START the frankfurt proposals sought to reduce france to what? END
START  who told napoleon that the frankfurt proposals were probably the best terms the allies would offer? END
START the allies took back their offer to napoleon in what month? END
START in what year did napoleon attempt to resume peace talks? END
START which peace initiative did napoleon refer to when he attempted to make peace in 1814? END
START the new allied demands for peace insisted france return to its boundaries of what year? END
START in the new allied peace proposal, what territory would france have been forced to surrender? END
START on what date did alexander speak to the snat conservateur? END
START  the snat conservateur became hostile to napoleon due to whose efforts? END
START what was the act passed by the snat conservateur that deposed napoleon? END
START where had napoleon advanced to when he received word that paris was lost? END
START what did napoleon's senior officers and marshals do when he suggested they march on paris? END
START in which treaty was napoleon exiled? END
START what is the name of the island napoleon was exiled to? END
START in what sea is elba located? END
START the allies permitted napoleon to keep what title? END
START when napoleon was exiled, where did his wife and son go for shelter? END
START what military unit was charged with intercepting napoleon? END
START on what date was napoleon contacted by the 5th regiment? END
START  when napoleon suggested to the 5th regiment that they kill him, how did they respond? END
START  ney had told louis xviii that he would carry napoleon to paris in what kind of container? END
START  after fleeing france, where did louis xviii go? END
START where did napoleon return and find that the populace and government had turned against him? END
START  on what date did napoleon abdicate? END
START  how many days after his abdication did napoleon leave paris? END
START  on what date did the coalition forces arrive near paris? END
START  when napoleon left paris, he went to the palace formerly belonging to whom? END
START in what year did louis philippe i get permission to return napoleon's remains to france? END
START  on what date was a state funeral held for napoleon? END
START at what location did the hearse carrying napoleon's remains begin its procession? END
START  in what building was the cupola where napoleon's remains were first placed located? END
START in what year was napoleon's final tomb completed? END
START when were the diaries of napoleon's valet published? END
START what was the name of napoleon's valet? END
START  what was the possible cause for napoleon's death suggested in a 1961 nature paper? END
START in 1961, who suggested the possibility that napoleon died from ingestion of arsenic? END
START what condition was napoleon's body in when it was moved in 1840? END
START what substance used in napoleon's treatment is it suggested prevented his stomach from expelling arsenic compounds? END
START what do those who think napoleon was poisoned cite as a symptom that would suggest this? END
START according to patrick knize, what conclusion does the type of arsenic found in napoleon's hair shafts suggest? END
START in what year was the article describing the type of arsenic found in napoleon's hair published? END
START studies published in 2007 and 2008 dismiss what possible cause of napoleon's death? END
START studies published in 2007 and 2008 support what possible causes of napoleon's death? END
START  a 2008 study supporting the original autopsy findings related to napoleon's death analyzed samples of what substance taken from napoleon and his family? END
START the 2008 study related to napoleon's death found that hair collected from napoleon's hair as well as that of his family and contemporaries, had arsenic levels approximately how many times higher than current averages? END
START what type of marriage did napoleon have with josphine de beauharnais? END
START what did napoleon display tolerance related to during his time in egypt? END
START general dupuy revealed the motives for napoleon's religious tolerance after the death of which religious figure? END
START who argued that bonaparte's admiration for muhammad was sincere? END
START napoleon's marriage to josphine de beauharnais lacked what kind of ceremony? END
START when was napoleon crowned emperor? END
START  where was napoleon crowned emperor? END
START who crowned napoleon emperor? END
START when did napoleon marry marie louise? END
START what did napoleon abolish in spain in 1813, during his brother's rule there? END
START what is the name of the 1801 document that aimed for reconcilliation between revolutionaries and catholics? END
START along with napoleon, who signed the concordat of 1801? END
START the concordat of 1801 strengthened the position of which church as the majority church of france? END
START  what is the exact date on which the concordat of 1801 was signed? END
START what were the organic articles a part of? END
START the concodat restored significant power to what position? END
START despite the concordat, the balance of the relationship between the church and state had swung in whose favor? END
START other than napoleon, who else found the concordat to be of use? END
START  the children of france were given a catechism that taught them to love and respect whom? END
START in what year did napoleon say that skilled rulers were able to both control and use priests? END
START how tall was napoleon, in feet and inches? END
START how tall was napoleon in centimeters? END
START how do historians describe napoleon in his use of france's financial, bureaucratic, and diplomatic systems? END
START what is the name of the historian who stresses napoleon's "rare combination of will, intellect, and physical vigour?" END
START how do historians describe napoleon's impact on people in one-on-one encounters? END
START according to critics, what was the reason napoleon won many battles? END
START  when did napoleon win victories at austerlitz and jena? END
START  in what year did the russian campaign take place? END
START who argues that napoleon's triumphs at austerlitz and jena increased his self-grandiosity? END
START what did napoleon do at cards, though he repaid losses? END
START what did napoleon reorganize to supply the personnel and money required to fight great wars? END
START how many soldiers did wellington believe napoleon's presence on the field was worth? END
START who said that napoleon's presence on the battlefield was worth 40,000 soldiers? END
START in what year did the battle of auerstadt take place? END
START who led the prussian forces that outnumbered napoleon at the battle of auerstadt? END
START which foreign news service viewed napoleon as a dangerous tyrant? END
START what abbreviated term did the british often use to refer to napoleon? END
START which segment of the british press often showed napoleon as being much shorter than average? END
START what height was napoleon incorrectly listed as at his time of death? END
START what was napoleon's actual height, in feet and inches? END
START after becoming first consul, napoleon typically wore the uniform of which rank, rather than general? END
START  what is the name of the regiment that frequently served as napoleon's escort? END
START what color was the uniform that napoleon usually wore on sundays? END
START what color stockings did napoleon usually wear? END
START  what color culottes did napoleon typically wear? END
START what was the name of the first central bank in france, that napoleon established? END
START what was the name of the agreement that napoleon arrived at with the catholic church? END
START what other document was presented along with the concordat of 1801? END
START what did the organic articles regulate in france? END
START what is the name of the empire napoleon dissolved that later led to unification in germany? END
START what was the contemporary term for the set of civil laws created by napoleon? END
START what is the code civil frequently referred to as now? END
START what is the name of the person who supervised the preparation of the code civil? END
START what was a code published under napoleon that enacted rules related to due process? END
START who learned from napoleon's innovations? END
START  napoleon's use of artillery led to its increased importance after what year? END
START what did napoleon use as the initial means of breaking down enemy defenses, rather than the traditional reliance on infantry? END
START who rejects the theory that the increased use of artillery by the french was due to declining quality of infantry and numbers of cavalry? END
START when was the metric system officially introduced? END
START what system, introduced in september 1799, was unpopular among much of french society? END
START what year did napoleon pass legislation that introduced traditional units of measurement for retail trade? END
START  how many grams were in the livre metrique? END
START how many grams were in the livre du roi? END
START what acts by napoleon laid the groundwork for modernized education in france and much of europe? END
START what language did napoleon make the only official one? END
START what did napoleon offer to secondary education? END
START what is the name for the state secondary schools begun by napoleon that were intended to standardize education across france? END
START along with modern and classical languages, what were all students in the lyces taught? END
START how have many historians described napoleon's foreign policy ambitions? END
START as late as what year were the continental powers willing to give napoleon most of the gains and titles he had acquired? END
START who continue to debate whether napoleon was an enlightened despot, or a megalomaniac? END
START some scholars maintain napoleon's excessive aggression and pushing caused what to collapse? END
START who put a stop to the lack of law and presence of disorder in post-revolutionary france? END
START napoleon's decision to reinstate what practice in france's overseas colonies has caused controversy regarding his reputation? END
START who considered napoleon to be a tyrant and a usurper? END
START napoleon's role in which revolution has caused controversy regarding his reputation? END
START who charge that napoleon was untroubled by the prospect of war and death for thousands? END
START what practice in defeated territories became institutionalized under napoleon? END
START where in france were plundered artifacts brought in an effort to create a great central museum? END
START who compared napoleon to hitler in 1947? END
START who compared napoleon to hitler in 2005? END
START in 1973, which historian objected to comparisons between napoleon and hitler? END
START which historian describes napoleon's legacy in terms of years spent at war, numbers of european dead, and france's bankruptcy and loss of colonies? END
START which historian views napoleon's legacy as one of having set back the european economy for a generation through war? END
START which historian counters criticism of napoleon by suggesting that the wars he fought were the responsibility of enemies of the revolution, rather than that of napoleon? END
START how many years of wars does victor davis hanson claim are part of napoleon's military record? END
START approximately how many europeans dead does victor davis hanson assert are part of napoleon's military record? END
START napoleon's skillful employment of what technique aided his rise to power, legitimized his rule, and improved his posthumous reputation? END
START napoleon employed what practice in controlling aspects of the media, books, and the arts? END
START napoleon's propaganda plan was aimed at showing him as attempting to bring peace and stability to what country? END
START napoleon created a relationship with the art community to commission work specifically targeting what segment of his audience? END
START rumors of napoleon's return from what location were often used as an inspiration for his followers? END
START anniversaries of napoleon's life and reign were sometimes celebrated in an effort to disrupt what? END
START destabilization of what regime was the main goal of napoleon's followers? END
START seditious material distributed by napoleon's followers often displayed the tricolor, and what other design? END
START when did militaristic boulangism collapse? END
START what year was victorien sardou's madame sans-gne written? END
START what year was maurice barrs's les dracins written? END
START in what year was edmond rostand's l'aiglon written? END
START in what year was andr de lorde and gyp's napolonette written? END
START after the fall of napoleon, many countries retained what system of law? END
START outside europe, napoleonic code has been used as the basis for certain parts of what? END
START how can the memory of napoleon in poland be characterized as? END
START poland views napoleon in a positive light partially based on his opposition to what country? END
START one reason poland views napoleon favorably is due to his abolition of what form of indentured servitude? END
START napoleon is viewed by some as a founder of what modern nation? END
START what is the name of the empire napoleon dissolved? END
START how many german states were there before napoleon began to reduce their numbers? END
START how many german states remained after napoleon reduced their numbers? END
START how much did napoleon sell the louisiana territory to the united states for? END
START who did napoleon marry in 1796? END
START in what year did napoleon marry josphine de beauharnais? END
START how old was napoleon when he married josphine de beauharnais? END
START how old was josphine de beauharnais when she was married to napoleon? END
START what was the disliked name josphine de beauharnais was known as before she met napoleon? END
START what was the name of the illegitimate son acknowledged by napoleon? END
START who was the mother of charles lon? END
START who was napoleon's illegitimate son by his mistress, maria walewska? END
START  dna from alexandre colonna-walewski's descendants has been used to confirm what attribute of napoleon's? END
START who was the child of emilie victoria kraus who might have been another of napoleon's illegitimate children? END
START approximately how many of the world population speak german as a native language?  END
START of the population that speaks german as a native language how many of them consider themselves to be german? END
START how many of the worlds population claim german ancestors? END
START what is the total number of germans both native speaking and heredity in the world? END
START where in brazil is most of the german descendants located? END
START how many native german speakers in the world are there? END
START how many native german speakers consider themselves german? END
START how many people in the world claim to be from german ancestry? END
START where do an additional 80 million german natives live? END
START how many people single ethnic germans are there in the world? END
START what emperor forced the germanic tribes to the east side of the rhine? END
START in what did emperor augustus order the conquest of the germans?  END
START the romans suffered a horrible defeat in there conquest of the germans in what battle?  END
START roman's adoption of what religion would greatly influence the german society?  END
START through what act would roman and german customs become intertwine?  END
START which roman emperor ordered the conquest of the germans? END
START what religion did germans adopt? END
START what battle did germans defeat the romans? END
START who ordered the conquest of the germans in the 1200's bc END
START who did the romans defeat ate the battle of the teutoburg forest? END
START what did the romans get from the germans? END
START what identity did roman culture form? END
START during the migrations period germans would encounter what groups in the east? END
START during the migrations period germans would encounter what group in the south? END
START the limes germanicus was breached in what year? END
START who allied with the germans after previous fighting them along side the romans? END
START what leader had both prominent german and hun families in his entourage throughout europe?  END
START when was the limes germanicus breached? END
START who did the germans come in contact with to the south? END
START which germanic tribe did the huns cooperate with? END
START what language did the huns adopt? END
START what happened to the huns after attila's death? END
START during what period did the germanic people have little contact with other people? END
START what was breached in the 2nd century ad? END
START what happened to the huns after the roman empire collapsed? END
START what part of europe did the huns conquer for rome? END
START how many tribes are credited with the creation of the modern day germans? END
START in modern day what is still influenced by the  five tribes? END
START what king united the tribes in the 9th century?  END
START what part of germany became mostly slavonic-speaking due to migration?   END
START the tribes that moved out of east germany took to inhabit what fallen empires lands? END
START what five tribes are attributed with coalescing into a german ethnicity? END
START what 6th tribe is sometimes included with the original 5 german tribes? END
START who united the 5 tribes? END
START what century did king charlemagne reign?  END
START what modern ethnic group was formed by 6 migrating tribes? END
START who was united in the 900's? END
START who ruled the territory of modern germany in the 900's? END
START where did slavonic tries migrate to from eastern germany? END
START what period in history do we see the emergence of german culture? END
START the kingdom of germany formed within what outer established empires? END
START when was the title king of the germans first used? END
START who coined the phrase "king of the germans" END
START who was given the prilavage of being called the first king of the germans? END
START when did a german ethnicity emerge? END
START when is the title of rex teutonicum first used? END
START who first used rex teutonicum? END
START when is ein diutscher first used? END
START what does ein diutscher mean? END
START what ethnicity emerged following the middle ages? END
START what kingdom was formed in the 900's? END
START what two empires formed the kingdom of germany? END
START what title is first used in the 1100's? END
START what term has been used to refer to the people of the region since the 1200's? END
START the expansion of germany  by the catholic church into the areas of the slavs and balts is know as what? END
START what was the name of the group that waged war in the baltic? END
START who was the old prussians ethnic group related to? END
START although conquered the persian language lived on till when? END
START who is a famous german that  name has slavic origins? END
START when was the prussian language extinct? END
START what happened to the slavic people of the baltic? END
START who led the german expansion? END
START what famous german military strategist has a name with slavic origin? END
START what let to the assimilation of baltic and slavic populations? END
START what language was extinct by the 1700 or early 1800's END
START who conquered the catholic german teutonic knights? END
START who held back the german expansion? END
START what was the german aristocracy known as? END
START german's domination of trade in the eastern europe was credited to what? END
START because of the increased trade what places became the hubs of german culture? END
START what was promoted due to wealth and power of the german families? END
START the holy roman empire due to its many different conquests was seen as what type of society? END
START what helped the germans dominate trade? END
START what is the german work for german town law? END
START was the hanseatic league exclusively german? END
START what other ethnicities, besides german were part of the empire? END
START what lead to the defeat of the hanseatic league? END
START what type of law was opposed by wealthy germans? END
START what empire did members of the hanseatic league come from? END
START what empire was ethnically german? END
START by what time period had many of the jewish  population joined the holy roman empire? END
START the jewish populations upon migrating into the german society mingled languages to form what new language?  END
START what cause the tolerance and mixing  into german society to end for the jews? END
START what language did many of the jews speak after the crusades?  END
START what language did the jews speak prior to assimilating into german culture? END
START after assimilating to german culture, what language did the jews adopt? END
START when did jewish assimilation end? END
START what happened to the jews during the crusades? END
START what group assimilated into german culture following the middle ages? END
START what sped up jewish assimilation into german society? END
START who migrated to germany during the crusades? END
START where was yiddish spoken after the crusades? END
START what was one of the main factors that caused the dissolve of the holy roman empire? END
START what assured  europe would remain the same preventing germany from becoming one country? END
START when was the crimean war? END
START when was germany's unification?  END
START what prominent jewish german  sought german unification in the mid 19th century? END
START what was the cause of the final dissolution of the holy roman empire? END
START what two countries emerged as competitors after the congress of vienna? END
START who led the way for the congress of vienna? END
START in what decade was german unification? END
START who was eduard lasker? END
START what wars lead to the expansion of the holy roman empire? END
START what declined after the fall of the holy roman empire? END
START what quest began in the 1900's? END
START where was prussia trying to remain the dominate power? END
START who promoted the unification of germany in the mid 1900's? END
START when did the strife between austria and prussia erupt? END
START in what conflict of the german war did the prussians successfully create the north german confederation? END
START what was germany going to be called if prussian won? END
START what was austria not willing to give up to settle the conflict? END
START when did austria and prussia go to war? END
START who won the battle of koniggratz? END
START what did the prussians want germany to unify under? END
START what was created when the prussians defeated austria?? END
START who did austria go to war with in the late 18th century? END
START who did the austrians defeat at the battle of koniggratz? END
START what land was prussia unwilling to give up? END
START who did austria want ti unify as little germany? END
START when did france attack prussia?  END
START who won the franco-prussian war? END
START when was the german empire founded? END
START what regions was excluded from the german empire? END
START what was the primary religion of germany? END
START when was the german empire created? END
START who was excluded from the german nation state? END
START what religion was a majority in germany? END
START what did many people in germany still want to do? END
START when did prussia attack france? END
START what war started in the late 18th century? END
START what empire was formed in the late 18th century? END
START who did the catholics want to exclude from the german empire? END
START what leader tried to unite all people considered themselves "german" END
START who resisted the uniting of people under hitler? END
START the swiss has viewed themselves as their own country since what year? END
START who welcomed the idea in area such as sudetenland and poland? END
START who headed the nazis? END
START who resisted the nazi idea of uniting all germans from the get go? END
START since when had the swiss viewed themselves as a different nation? END
START when was the peace of westphalia? END
START who wanted to unite all of the germans all over the area? END
START where did ethnic germans emigrate to under adolf hitler? END
START who considered themselves a separate nation since the 16th century END
START what did germans in sudetenland resist? END
START with the conclusion of world war 2 what did most eastern europe countries do with their german citizens? END
START how long did many of the germans live in the eastern europe countries before being expelled?  END
START approximately how many germans were expelled from their home after world war ii? END
START after world war ii where were germans forced to relocate to? END
START how many germans were expelled after wwii? END
START after what war were germans expelled from their territories?  END
START where were germans that were inhabiting other lands expelled to? END
START where in eastern europe did germans settle after world war ii? END
START how many ethnic germans left allied germany following world war ii? END
START who was expelled from eastern europe after world war ii? END
START what is credited with the origins of the german identity? END
START how was early german culture developed? END
START what man is credited with the emergence of the german nation? END
START when did the popularity of the german nation increase? END
START what is credited with creating the origins of a german identity? END
START who developed the concept of a german nation? END
START when did the popularity of a german identity arise? END
START who was johann herder? END
START what movement slowed the spread of a german identity? END
START what concept was developed by martin luther? END
START what literay and religious figures helped spread german culture in europe? END
START residence that speak german as their mother tongue and  families have been in place for generations are often consider? END
START what is the name given to germans who family left but came back to the lands? END
START what is the name of  gven to the population that lives outside of current germany boundary but still within historic germany? END
START what are refugees from germany that still speak german referred to? END
START people who have generations of family in germany, and look and speak german are classified as what? END
START who are people of german ancestry but have lived in other parts of europe, then returned to germany? END
START what are people who have ancestral roots in germany, but now live outside of germany called? END
START what are people called who have left germany but still speak german? END
START who are people of german ancestry living in western europe? END
START what is the term for people who's families emigrated from germany and may or may not still speak german? END
START  restdeutsche live in lands that where never part of what? END
START what are all people who's first language is german called? END
START what is the native language of germans? END
START what languages is german related to? END
START how many natives speak german? END
START what is the most commonly spoken language in the european union? END
START what is the dominant language of science? END
START how many people speak german around the world? END
START what is the most widely spoken language around the world? END
START where has german replaced english as the dominant language? END
START what was english the dominant language of before the 20th century? END
START how many german americans are there? END
START how many germans live in brazil? END
START how many people in the world have german heritage? END
START america is home to what percentage of german decedent people? END
START how many people of german  decent live in the americas? END
START how many german speaking people live in brazil? END
START how many german speaking people live around the world? END
START what countries claim 1 million people of german descent between them? END
START who is a german philosopher from the middle ages? END
START when was leibniz an active philosopher? END
START what german philosopher inspired schopenhauer and nietzsche? END
START in the late 19th century, which german philosopher helped develop the idea of communism? END
START when was the university of berlin founded? END
START what german philosopher is from the 1700's? END
START what did the german philosopher kant shape in the middle ages? END
START what did engels develop in the 1900's? END
START what did heideggar do in the 2000's? END
START what university was founded in the 18th century? END
START who discovered x-rays? END
START who won the first nobel prize in physics? END
START in what year, was the first nobel prize in physics won? END
START where is the walhalla temple located? END
START what two people were important to the creation of modern physics? END
START what did werner heisenberg lay the foundation for? END
START who further developed heisenberg's work? END
START what prize was first given in the 19th century? END
START who got a nobel prize in physics in the 19th century for discovering the x-ray? END
START from which country is bach, mozart and beethoven from? END
START in what tradition of music did brahms wagner and hadyn achieve fame? END
START who marked the switch from classical to romantic eras in classical music? END
START what composers marked the transition from the romantic to the classical eras? END
START who are some famous austrian composers END
START in 2008,, where was germany ranked as a world music market? END
START what type of music was pioneered in germany? END
START what type of music does kraftwerk make? END
START what is the largest music festival in germany? END
START how many people does m'era luna festival attract? END
START what is the fourth largest music market in europe? END
START what type of dance was pioneered in germany? END
START what is the largest music festival in europe? END
START who pioneered industrial music acts? END
START who was the original german cinematic? END
START what types of film were produced in the nazi era? END
START who controls film production in the gdr? END
START when did german cinema come back internationally? END
START what was max skladanowsky active in during the weimar republic? END
START what did murnau produce during the nazi era? END
START what did leni riefenstahl do in the 1960's? END
START who controlled film production in west-germany? END
START in what year was the never ending story made? END
START what award did nowhere in africa win in 2002? END
START in what year did the lives of others win the academy award for best foreign language? END
START how often is the berlin international film festival held? END
START what was the first year of the berlin international film festival? END
START what did carolina link get an acadamy award for in the 20th century? END
START what film festival was held yearly until 1951? END
START in what year did martin luther challenge the catholic church? END
START during what years was the thirty year war? END
START until the reformation, what was the established religion in germany? END
START where was the thirty year war primarily fought? END
START who was the thirty year war between? END
START what was the sole religion in europe until the reformation? END
START who challenged the catholic church in the 15th century? END
START who established protestantism in the 15th century? END
START what religious war was fought in the 16th century? END
START what percentage of germans are roman catholic? END
START what percentage of germans are evangelical protestants? END
START what religion is the north and east part of germany? END
START where is there a non-religious majority? END
START what religion makes up 30.8% of europe's population? END
START where is 38.8% of the population atheists? END
START what german city is predominately catholic? END
START how many germans are members of sports clubs? END
START what is the most popular sport in germany? END
START what is the largest athletic organisation in the country? END
START how many members are in the german football federation? END
START what kind of clubs do 12 million germans belong to? END
START what federation has 6.3 thousand members? END
START what has thousands of television spectators? END
START what year was the turning point for germany in the nation brands index? END
START what year did bbc reveal that germany is the most positive influence in the world? END
START what percentage have a negative view of germany? END
START what percentage of people have a positive view of germany? END
START what index ranked germany high before the 2006 fifa world cup? END
START in what year was germany ranked the most valued nation? END
START in what year ws germany recognized as the most influential country in the world? END
START who's global opinion poll showed 14% of people having a positive opinion of germany? END
START in what century did the pan-germanisms origins begin? END
START what movement came out of the french revolution? END
START who was threatened by nationalism? END
START who ruled central and eastern europe during the 19th century? END
START where was johann tillmann from? END
START what wars took place in the 1900's? END
START what movement began in germany in the 1900's? END
START what people had been united since the reformation? END
START what german wanted to unite all the ethnic-german people? END
START who were the two most powerful nations in the 1860's? END
START when was the german empire created? END
START who was wilhelm i? END
START what were prussia and austria looking to expand? END
START which empire was a multi ethnic state? END
START what powerful nations were dominated by elite germans in the 18th century? END
START what other empire besides prussia was a multi-ethnic state? END
START what empire was the result of a growing german nationalism? END
START what empire was created in the late 18th century? END
START what greatly reduced the size of germany after wwi? END
START who was relocated during the second world war from the soviet union? END
START what name did rump-austria adopt? END
START what is the german translation for german-austria? END
START who's influence increased after world war i? END
START what treaty increased germanium size? END
START during what war did germans relocate to the soviet union? END
START what country was split among language groups? END
START what percentage of 14 year olds said they were proud to be german in 2009? END
START what percentage of 14 year olds in 2009 said they would choose german for their nationality if they got to choose? END
START where does eugen buss work? END
START what war was followed by an increase in national symbols? END
START among who is patriotism declining? END
START what sentiment do 78% of germans agree with? END
START who says germans are still afraid to be openly proud of their country? END
START who was poland's foreign minister in 2011? END
START what are germans trying to forget? END
START what are germans trying to focus on? END
START who is europe's strongest economy? END
START what polish foreign minister said he feared german power? END
START what is germany trying to remember? END
START what war do many germans still remember? END
START who says what is good for germany is bad for the eu? END
START which country has stated that it might join asean? END
START what does asean mean? END
START which two islands governed by australia are considered a part of asean? END
START which state is not a member of asean? END
START what association is east  timo a member of? END
START what was southeast asia also known as? END
START what has been called the indies since the 20th century END
START what islands are not considered part of southeast asia? END
START what islands are part of australia? END
START which island is geographically considered a part of southeast asia? END
START which countries are culturally a part of southeast asia? END
START which islands were a part of the spanish east indies? END
START what islands are not geographically part of southeast asia END
START what islands are not culturally or geographically part of southeast asia? END
START what part of new guinea is not part of southeast asia? END
START when did the austronesian people arrive in indonesia? END
START where did the austronesian people settle down in indonesia? END
START which people became extinct after the homosapiens arrived? END
START how long ago did the homo floresiensis live before they became extinct? END
START what reached the region arounf 4500 years ago? END
START who came from easr of the region? END
START who moved into the area 12,000 years ago? END
START where do "austrnesian make up a small fraction of the modern population? END
START who arrived in indinesia around the 2nd century bc? END
START which hindu kingdom existed around 200 bce? END
START which traders came to the archipelago for trade? END
START the java dwipa kingdom was well-known for what? END
START which religions were well established in the malay peninsula by the beginning of the 1st century ce? END
START apart from the indian traders, who else discovered the malay peninsula for trade? END
START what kindom existed in the second century bce? END
START who started influencing the maylay-speaking world in the 300's bce? END
START who did the chine's come to the archipelago to trade with? END
START what was well established by the 1st century bc? END
START which indianised kingdom was based in eastern java? END
START which ruler reigned between 1350 to 1389? END
START how long did the majapahit empire last? END
START how far did the majapahit empire's influence stretch? END
START what kingdom was established in 1500? END
START where was the majapahit empire based in 1293 bc? END
START what ruler came to power in 1389? END
START when wa the majapahit empire dominated by other kingdoms? END
START what was the largest empire in asian history? END
START which kingdom did the chola navy attack during the 11th century? END
START what was the capital of srivijaya kingdom? END
START which king of kedah converted to islam in the year 1267? END
START name an indonesian islamic scholar who lived from 1908-1981? END
START which chinese admiral was related to the development of islam in indonesia & malaya? END
START what happened in the 1100's? END
START who did the srivijaya kingdom attack? END
START what happened to the king of chola? END
START what kig converted from islam in 1267? END
START what islamic scholar died in 1908? END
START in the 15th century, the ruler of which port embraced islam? END
START where did the traders from yemen settle? END
START which missionary helped to spread islam? END
START which religion proved a positive force among the ruling & trading classes? END
START what ruler regected islam in the 15th century? END
START where did yemen traders come from? END
START what classes wher negatively affected by islam? END
START what missionaries he;ped spread islam beyond asia? END
START the western colonies were invaded by whom during world war ii? END
START according to the un report, what was the count of people who perished due to famine? END
START what violent acts did the showa regime commit? END
START who defeated japan during the world war ii? END
START what colonies were attacked during ww i? END
START who invaded the western colonies during ww i? END
START who reported that 4  thousand people died do to famine and forced labour? END
START who did japan defeat in the south-east asian theater? END
START name the largest country in southeast asia. END
START geologically what is indonesia's region most active for? END
START what is the largest country in asia? END
START what is the smallest archipelago in the world? END
START what country has the least volcanic activity in southeast asia? END
START what is the only mountain without glaciers in souteast asia? END
START what  is the second largest peak in asia? END
START what is the climate like in southeast asia? END
START which region has the 2nd largest rain-forest in the world? END
START which regions in southeast asia see cold winter with snow? END
START what causes additional rainfall during monsoon? END
START what causes the southeast asian regions to experience wet & dry seasons? END
START what part of asia is mostly subtropical? END
START north vietnam and what other region have atropical climate? END
START what region has the largest rain forest in the world? END
START what is the climate like in the souther mountain region? END
START name the line that splits the indonesian archipelago? END
START what region comprises of the wallacea? END
START which country has created a system of national parks & preserves? END
START which species in java face extinction? END
START what is the concern in southeast asian region due to development & population expansion? END
START what seperates asian andaustralian species? END
START what islands don't have either asian or ausralasian species? END
START what has impacted large regions of southeast asia? END
START what kind of coverage encourages erosian? END
START where on earth is the highest marine activity recorded? END
START which areas are composed as the coral triangle? END
START which area is called the heart of the world's coral reef biodiversity? END
START name the largest species of fish in the world. END
START what are found in southeast asia's deep waters? END
START what ecosystem has the lowest biodiversity in asia? END
START where did conservation international say the lowest biodiversity is? END
START where is the world's only species of sea turtle found? END
START what percentage of plant and animal species extinction is predicted in the 21st century? END
START where has haze been predominant? END
START how is a haze formed? END
START what agreement has the southeast asian countries signed to combat haze pollution? END
START when did the 2 worst haze pollution occur in southeast asia? END
START what area is rich in trees and other fauna? END
START what tiger is prospering despite deforistation? END
START where were 40% of the animal and plant species destroyed already? END
START what caused the 19th century reginal hazes? END
START who signed the asean in 1997? END
START name some important commodities that originated in southeast asian region? END
START who developed the spice trade initially? END
START which european traders moved into indonesia? END
START who became an important part of the world trading system after the penetration of european interests? END
START what commodities did europeans bring the region? END
START what trade was initially developed by europeans? END
START what did traders oppose to protect their interests? END
START the origin of which community can be traced to the 16th century? END
START the rise of chinese population saw a rapid increase during which revolution? END
START when did the chinese revolution start in southeast asia? END
START what is the name of the network through which the chinese communities were connected with? END
START what has the japanese community helped develope? END
START who's influence started in the 1600's? END
START what population decreased following the communist revolution? END
START where did migrants from south china migrate to? END
START what reserves are abundant in southeast asia? END
START which sector is the southeast asia heavily dependent on? END
START of the southeast asian countries, which country has  the largest economy? END
START which region manufactures textiles, heavy industrial products & high-tech electronic goods? END
START what is largely dependent on manufactoring? END
START as an emerging market indonesia has the smallest what? END
START what country is developing more agriculture? END
START what region has limited oil reserves? END
START of the southeast asian countries, which one's key economic development is based on tourism? END
START according to which entity can tourism be a tremendous development tool & means to preserving the cultural diversity of the planet? END
START who was the regional leader in tourism in 1995? END
START from 2000, cambodia has surpassed other asean countries in generating gdp on which sector? END
START who discourages tourism in ordr to preserve cultural diversity? END
START what industry is strong in cambodia? END
START when was singapore the world leader in tourism? END
START what has cambodia fallen behind othe asean countries for? END
START what is the approximate area of southeast asia? END
START among the southeast asian countries, which one is densely populated? END
START which island in southeast asia is densely populated? END
START what region has an area of 4,000,000 square miles? END
START when did 143 million people live in southeast asia? END
START where in indonesia is the population 625 million? END
START what is the least densly populated country of southeast asia? END
START what nationality are 3 million people living in southeast asia come from? END
START name the largest ethnic group in southeast asia. END
START which ethnic groups dominate in indonesia? END
START the tagalog, cebuano,ilocano & hiligaynon groups are significant within which country in southeast asia? END
START the ethnic groups malays & chinese are predominant in which country? END
START what is currently the smallest ethnic group in southeast asia? END
START what group makes up two-thirds of the population of southeast asia? END
START what two groups make up four-fifths of the population of southeast asia? END
START where are the malays and chinese a minority? END
START which religion is widely practiced in southeast asia? END
START what percentage of the population in southeast asia practice islam? END
START among the southeast asian countries, which country has the most populous muslims among them? END
START roman catholic population is predominant in which asian country? END
START east timor is predominantly catholic due to which european rule's history? END
START what is the least practiced religion in southeast asia? END
START what religion has 2.4 million adherents? END
START wwhat southeast asian country has the smallest muslim population? END
START what religion is no longer predominant in east timor? END
START which is asia's largest christian nation? END
START garuda is the national symbol of which 2 countries? END
START which religion is dominant on the island of bali? END
START name the most muslim populous region in asia? END
START what is practiced in vietnam? END
START what is the worlds most populated hindu nation? END
START where is ancestor whorship predominant? END
START where are christians the minority? END
START where are tribal religions still occasionally practiced? END
START arabia has a strong influence in which southeast asian country? END
START singapore & vietnam shows which influence predominantly? END
START the indian influence is evident in which country through the tamil migrants? END
START where in southeast asia is the culture not very divers? END
START where is the culture predominatly chinese? END
START where is the indigenous culture australian? END
START what country has directly influenced the culture of vietnam? END
START where did the southeast asians introduce their dance? END
START which dance was famous for strong feet & hand movements? END
START the khmer empire was influenced by what? END
START where was dance not popular in southeast asia? END
START who had a royal ballet in the 700's? END
START what dance is known for little hand movement? END
START what empire influenced ndian hinduism? END
START what were the favorite forms of entertainment in southeast asia? END
START art & literature in southeast asia is influenced by which religion? END
START the unesco has recognized which show as a masterpiece of oral & intangible heritage of humanity END
START which country despite converting to islam has retained many forms of hindu practices, culture, art & literature? END
START what is currently a favorite form of entertainment? END
START what is a famous shadow play from india? END
START islam has influenced what in southeast asia? END
START what did unesco regognize the 2003 play wayang as? END
START what did the khmer & indonesian classical arts depict of? END
START which group brought with them the chinese artistic traditions to the southeast asian country? END
START according to the southeast asian people, the life of the gods were comparable to what? END
START what classical arts depicted the lives of regular people? END
START who brought chinese dance to southeast asia? END
START what did the tai give up in favor of chinese traditions? END
START who's temples are influenced by khmer and mon traditions? END
START which form of writing extended before the invention of paper? END
START what were the alphabets of southeast asia? END
START what other forms of writing materials were used during this period? END
START in what direction were the writings on a palm leaf? END
START the sections of the palm leafs were bound by what material? END
START whose writing dates to the invention of paper? END
START when was invented in the 1st century? END
START what alphabets where domenent after the arrival of europeans? END
START who only used words that ended in consenants? END
START what direction was the writing on copper scrolls? END
START how many students attend byu on campus? END
START how many of the students are also members of the latter day saints church? END
START what portion of students are native utah residents? END
START where is brigham young university? END
START how many students currently attend byu on-campus? END
START where is byu's main campus? END
START what is byu's ranking among private universities? END
START how many of byu's students are native utah residents? END
START what percentage of byu students are from utah? END
START what percentage of byu students are members of the lds church? END
START how is byu's size ranked among all private university's in the u.s.? END
START what does lds stand for? END
START who owns and operates brigham university? END
START what university is known as buy? END
START what church is abbreviated lsd? END
START what does byu have 29,762 of? END
START what is the largest private university in the united states? END
START what is the third largest religious university in the united states? END
START for what reason to many student's postpone their enrollment to byu? END
START what is the source of much of byu's funding? END
START how many women at byu do missionary work? END
START what is the average amount of time men serve as missionaries? END
START what is the basis of the behavioral code at byu? END
START what is a significant portion of the byu's operating costs subsidized by? END
START what percentage of men delay their byu enrollment to serve as a mormon missionary? END
START what percentage of women delay their byu enrollment to serve as a mormon missionary? END
START how does the cost of attending byu compare to the cost of attending similar universities? END
START what do all students at byu agree to abstain from consuming? END
START what do 33% of male students do? END
START what do 88% of female students do? END
START what do men typically spend 18 months doing? END
START what do women typically spend 24 months doing? END
START what do subsidized funds do to the cost of an education at byu? END
START what is byu's main focal point? END
START what foreign city holds a branch campus of byu? END
START what institution controls byu? END
START where are byu's sibling schools located? END
START how many master's programs does byu have? END
START how many colleges make up byu at its main campus? END
START how many satellite campuses are run by byu? END
START what is byu's parent organization? END
START where does ces sponsor byu's sister schools? END
START what are the jerusalem and provo campuses known as? END
START what are the schools in hawaii and salt lake city known as? END
START who sponsors the schools in hawaii and salt lake city? END
START what does cse stand for? END
START when was the first property for what would become byu acquired? END
START who was responsible for acquiring byu's first building? END
START where was brigham  young's school originally believed to be located? END
START who began the school that previously existed at the site where byu is now located? END
START what year can byu's origin be traced to with a building called cluff hall? END
START which president of the lds church purchased the lewis building after hinting at the building of a school? END
START what type of influences did brigham young hope to avoid with byu? END
START what is the commonly held founding year of byu? END
START who did brigham young hope to educate via byu? END
START what can be traced back to 1826? END
START what building did dusenberry warren start a school in? END
START who was the president of the lsd church? END
START what is october 16, 1857 known as? END
START what did brigham young purchase on october 16, 1857? END
START what college did byu separate from to become its own entity? END
START when did byu first open its doors to students? END
START who was the head of the school for its first few months? END
START when did the latter day saints church acknowledge and begin to support byu? END
START who is responsible for proposing byu's current name? END
START which school did brigham young acadamy, now byu,  break off from in 1876? END
START who was the first brigham young acadamy, now byu,  principal chosen by brigham young? END
START what did brigham young acadamy become at the end of benjamin cluff jr's term at the helm? END
START who was byu supported by before being sponsored by the lds church? END
START what did board opponent anthon h. lund say after brigham voted to change their name to a university? END
START what happened on january 3, 1867? END
START who served as interim principal until january 1876? END
START who was maeser karl? END
START when did the school become officially sponsored by the dls church? END
START who opposed the named "brigham young college?" END
START in what year was brigham young academy split into two separate schools? END
START what was the name of the land purchased by byu in 1904? END
START how old was george h. brimhall when he completed high school? END
START what topic was excluded from being taught at byu? END
START who was chosen to head byu? END
START in 1903, which two institutions was brigham young univesity replaced with? END
START who we responsible for the giant "y" that is embedded on a mountain near the campus? END
START at what age did byu's elected president in 1904, george h. brimhall, receive his high school education? END
START what brief crisis rose in the school at the time of brimhall's presidency that caused the crises' theory to not be taught for a time? END
START what property was george brimhall responsible for purchasing for the campus? END
START what was dissolved in 1907? END
START what was george b. hrimhall elected as? END
START what were the 96,000m2 of land purchased by byu called? END
START how did joseph f. maeser solve the theory of evolution crisis? END
START who was forty when he completed university? END
START what sort of credentials did franklin s. harris have? END
START who was responsible for getting byu acknowledged as an official university? END
START what was purchased to accommodate more students? END
START which president was responsible for the most amount of growth to the campus? END
START how much did the student body expand under howard s. mcdonald? END
START what type of degree did byu's appointed president of 1921, franklin s. harris have that no former byu president had? END
START which byu president was responsible for byu becoming fully accredited under all major organizations? END
START what event prompted byu pres. howard s. macdonald to purchase a portion of an air force base to house a sudden influx of students? END
START how much did the studen body of byu increase under the term of pres. ernest l. wilkinson to become the largest private school at the time? END
START how many new lds church wards were added during wilkinson's presidency? END
START who was appointed president in 1912? END
START who saw enrollment of 4540 students at the end of his stay? END
START who followed howard s. harris as president? END
START who reorganized the lsd church units on campus? END
START who was responsible for the byu's first campus outside of the u.s.? END
START which byu president suffered from a terminal illness? END
START who succeeded rex e. lee? END
START who is responsible for the university's expansion into law and management schools? END
START what did jeffrey r. holland believe to be byu's strongest asset? END
START which new byu school was added under pres. dallin h. oaks in 1971? END
START in which foreign country did jeffrey r. holland open a byu campus during his presidency? END
START what annual event at byu is carried out in memory of former president rex e. lee, who built the museum of art on campus? END
START what was believed to be one of the schools greatest strengths by pres. jeffrey r. holland? END
START what is the name of the byu campus in jerusulem? END
START who replaced wilkinson as president in 1980? END
START who followed dallin h. oaks as president in 1971? END
START where is the buy jerusalem center located? END
START who replaced holland in 1995? END
START who replaced lee in 1989? END
START what infamous event occurred during bateman's term as president? END
START what was the name of the event the athletic program was involved with prior to the mountain west conference? END
START in what year did the school begin a byu television network? END
START who replaced bateman's successor? END
START what type of byu tv network opened in 2000 under pres. merrill j. bateman? END
START what did pres. bateman replace a scheduled devotial to do following the sept. 11th, 2001 attacks? END
START what library was pres. bateman responsible for expanding? END
START what did byu's athletic program join under pres. bateman? END
START which did byu's athletic program belong to before joining the mountain west conference? END
START who was responsible for building 63 new buildings for the university? END
START who was one of the leaders who brought about the creation of the west mountain conference? END
START what program joined the west mountain conference? END
START what type of tv network opened in 2001? END
START who immediately followed bateman in 2014? END
START what percentage of applicants did byu accept for it's summer term and fall semester in 2013? END
START what was the average gpa for the accepted students in 2013? END
START what percentage of accepted byu students went on to enroll in 2010? END
START what is byu's ranking in colleges with the most freshman merit scholars? END
START how many freshman at byu were merit scholars in 2006? END
START what school accepted 49% of the 11,324 people who applied in 2013? END
START what was 3.28 in 2013? END
START what is byu ranked 88th in? END
START what did byu have 28 of in 2006? END
START who ranked byu as the best college in utah? END
START who designated byu as having high research activity? END
START who ranked byu the vest value for college in 2007? END
START where was byu  ranked no. 12 in schools with the lowest student-incurred debt? END
START in 2008-2009, how was byu ranked nationally for the number of students who go on to earn phds? END
START where did byu rank in 2013 in the u.s. news & world report rankings? END
START where did byu rank in 2016 in the quarterly journal of economics study? END
START where did princeton review rank byu in 2004 for best value for college? END
START where was byu ranked in 2014 for number of students who go on to earn phds? END
START where was byu ranked in 2014 for students who go on to dental school? END
START who ranked byu's marriott school of mangement as no. 5 for it's undergrad programs in 2009? END
START who ranked byu's mba program no. 1 among regional schools in 2007? END
START using 2010 data, how was byu ranked as a university creating the most startup companies through campus research? END
START who ranked byu as no. 11 of institutions whose grads were top-rated by recruiters in a 2010 article? END
START how did financial times rank byu among business schools worldwide in 2009? END
START what ranking did the marriott school of management receive in 2010 by businessweek? END
START where did the association of university technology managers rank byu in 2010? END
START who ranked the school's macc program no. 8 and no. 3 respectively? END
START what rankings for 2010 did the school of accountancy receive? END
START which byu college was founded by former alumnus harvey fletcher? END
START what did alumnus philo t. farnsworth invent before receiving his honorary degree from the college? END
START which notable former byu student invented the man-made diamond? END
START what did former student tracy hall invent as a byu professor of chemistry and director of research? END
START which byu student produced algorithm is found in adobe photoshop? END
START what did philo t. fletcher invent? END
START what did harvey farnsworth invent? END
START who did harvey farnsworth carry out the oil-drop experiment with? END
START what did tracy h. hall invent? END
START what type of press did tracy h. hall invent? END
START what percentage of the student body of byu has some proficiency in a second language? END
START what can be attributed to byu's high percentage of second language proficient students? END
START how many languages are offered as courses at byu? END
START what designation does byu's russian language program hold? END
START who chose byu as the location of the national middle east language resource center? END
START what have 60% of the student body done for the lds church? END
START over one-third of the student body has some proficiency in what? END
START what are three quarters of students enrolled in during any given semester? END
START what does byu offer 45 of? END
START how manys students take advantage of byu's study abroad programs? END
START how did the institute of international education rank byu in 2009 compared with u.s. universities that offer study abroad opportunities? END
START which foreign byu campus was closed in 2000 due to security concerns? END
START when was the byu jerusalem center reopened for students following it's closure in 2000? END
START what was the most recent conflict that affected the closure of byu jerusalem center from 2000-2007? END
START what does buy have in london, jerusalem, and paris? END
START who ranked byu number one in study abroad opportunities in 2000? END
START what was closed in 2006 because of the second intifada?  END
START what was closed in 2007 because of the israel-lebanon conflict? END
START in which 2006 semester did byu jerusalem reopen to students? END
START what is the largest and longest-running university-run foreign film program in the u.s.? END
START what is the name of byu's foreign language living experience? END
START as part of the foreign language student residence program, what do students commit to speak while in their apartments? END
START how many native speakers are in each apartment building in the foreign language student residence program? END
START which byu building features films in several languages? END
START what does buy have that is the longest in the country? END
START what type of residence is offered at buy? END
START what is the name of buy's film program facility? END
START in what year did byu draft a new statement on academic freedom? END
START the new statement on academic freedom allows students to analyze and discuss church doctrine but does not allow student expressions that do what? END
START what cannot be violated because the expression is dishonest according to the new statement on academic freedom? END
START how many professors have been disciplined according to the new statement on academic freedom? END
START who claimed that infringements on academic freedom are distressingly common and that the climate for academic freedom is distressingly por? END
START what did the university draft in 1929? END
START what did the association of american university professors claim? END
START what did the new rules have an effect on? END
START what organization was jim gordon the president of? END
START what does auap stand for? END
START which system is byu part of? END
START who acts as chairman of byu? END
START what board do the members of the byu board of trustees also belong to? END
START when did byu have a separate board of trustees? END
START how does the president of byu report to the board? END
START what is part of the lsd church? END
START who is currently the chairman of the church? END
START what did brigham young have a separate one of after 1939? END
START what position does keven j monson hold? END
START why does byu's winter semester end earlier than most colleges? END
START how many semesters is a typical byu year broken up into? END
START how many shorter terms does byu have during the summer? END
START what type of doctor program is offered at byu? END
START what allows byu students to pursue summer internships earlier than most college students? END
START how many schools collectively offer 68 phd programs? END
START when is spring break for brigham young university? END
START what four semesters is the academic year broken up into? END
START how many buildings are on byu's main campus? END
START how many acres are included in byu's main campus? END
START where is byu's main campus located? END
START how many miles of shelving are in byu's harold b. lee library? END
START which byu building is the tallest in provost, utah? END
START what sits on 295 acres in provo, utah? END
START what is nestled at the base of the timpanogos mountains? END
START what is known as the hllb? END
START what does skwt stand for? END
START what is the tallest building in utah? END
START which byu building is one of the most attended art museus in the mountain west? END
START how many photographs are in byu's museum of peoples and cultures? END
START who found many of the fossils displayed in byu's museum of paleontology? END
START from which period does byu museum of paleontology hold many artifacts from? END
START how many visitors does byu museum of paleontology receive each year? END
START what is home to more than 50,000 artifacts? END
START what is home to 40,000 photographs? END
START what was built in 1967? END
START what was formed in 1987? END
START what did dr. james a. bean find many of? END
START how many people does the de jong concert hall seat? END
START what building is named after earl and kathryn pardoe? END
START what building was named after prominent utah theater figure philip n. margetts? END
START who was the nelke theatre named for? END
START what type of theater is nelke theatre primarily used for? END
START what is named after t. earl and gerrit de jong jr.? END
START what theater has a proscenium opening of 19m? END
START what theater was named for kathryn n. margetts? END
START what is named after kathryn de jong jr.? END
START what is byu working to increase by installing various speed drives on all pumps and fans? END
START who spearheaded byu's recent campaign to begin recycling plastics? END
START how long after student campaigning did byu begin recycling plastics? END
START what type of waste event is a top priority at byu for becoming environmentally sustainable? END
START what is byu replacing it's incandescent lighting with? END
START what does buy state about being a sustainable campus? END
START what is byu working on by installing speed drives on fluorescent lighting? END
START what do the buy student groups do? END
START what byu group is known as one of the best formation ballroom dance teams in the world? END
START what dance championships have been held at byu for several years? END
START how is byu's collegiate ballroom dance program rated worldwide? END
START what types of dancing are performed by byu's the living legends? END
START who has won the u.s. national formation dance championship every year since 1972? END
START who was the first team to win the formation championships in 1982? END
START who has the largest dance department in the nation? END
START where has the ncda national dancesport championships been held? END
START how many ncaa varsity teams does byu have? END
START what is the name of byu's fight song? END
START why are many byu athletes older than other schools' players? END
START when does byu refuse to play athletic games that got the attention of the sports networks? END
START what violation can lead to a player being expelled from a sports team? END
START what does byu have 19 of? END
START what do 21 teams play in? END
START what has been the mascot of byu since 1935? END
START what do women do at age 18? END
START what do men do at age 19? END
START what is the stated mission of byu? END
START what did brigham young instruct karl g. maeser to not teach even the alphabet without? END
START what type of institution do byu leaders consider it to be at heart? END
START what two types of education does byu strive to excel in while combining? END
START what is buy's stated mission? END
START what did karl g. maeser tell brigham young? END
START buy is considered by its leaders to be what? END
START what phrase have some latter-day saints used in reference to byu's mission as ambassador to the world for the lds church? END
START who has expressed dissatisfaction with the nickname "the lord's university" in the past? END
START what perception do some feel that the nickname "the lord's university" gives about university officials? END
START what do the leaders of byu say "the lord's university" represents instead of being in reference to its current state of being? END
START what is buy considered to be by some? END
START what is the school to the world for the lsd church? END
START why do some leaders of the school oppose the nickname? END
START how do students encourage leaders of the school and faculty to help fulfill the goal? END
START what does byu mandate of it's student members of the lds church to be? END
START who are both lds and non-lds students required to provide an endorsement from upon submitting their application? END
START how many byu campus rooms are used for the purposes of lds church congregations? END
START how many congregations meet on the byu campus every sunday? END
START approximately how many people attend church services on byu's campus? END
START what does byu mandate for members of the lsd church? END
START what are 150 rooms on campus used for? END
START on what day do more than 900 congregations meet? END
START what becomes the largest center of warship in the world? END
START at what age, since 2012, are men allowed to serve a mission after high school graduation? END
START at what age, since 2012, are women allowed to serve a mission after high school graduation? END
START how long is a full-time mission for males? END
START how long is a full-time mission for females? END
START what percentage of graduates had taken a hiatus from their byu studies to serve as an lds missionary? END
START what did 97% of female byu graduates do? END
START what did 32% of male byu graduates do? END
START what did the lsd church announce in october 2012? END
START when can female students begin their missionary service now instead of 18? END
START what group did president maeser create that sent teachers to student's homes to verify they were following the school's moral rules? END
START when was the byu honor code actually created? END
START what was byu's honor code mainly used for upon its creation? END
START in what year was the honor code expanded to include other school standards, such as rules regarding drug use? END
START who must sign a comitment to live by the honor code as part of the application process? END
START what organization did brigham young create? END
START what did young's domestic organization do? END
START what was first created in 1957? END
START what was expanded in 1940? END
START what did the princeton review rank buy for lgbt-friendliness?  END
START how was byu ranked by the princeton review for having the happiest students and highest quality of life in 2008? END
START what parts of the sometimes "too nice" byu culture is often caricatured? END
START what does byu's high rate of enrollment by lds members result in regarding lds cultural norms? END
START what percentage of students belong to the lsd? END
START what did the princeton review rank lds in 2014? END
START what did the princeton review point out about the "too nice" culture? END
START what is one of byu's characteristics that is most often pointed out through reputation? END
START what percentage of byu's class of 2005 were married? END
START what is the national marriage average among college graduates? END
START what is the average age that byu students marry according to a 2005 study? END
START what type of marriage is highly valued by lds members? END
START what does buy have a reputation for? END
START what percentage of byu's class of 2015 are married? END
START men do what at the average age of 27? END
START women do what at the average age of 25? END
START who rated byu as the #1 stone cold sober school in the nation for several years? END
START how does byu feel about being rated the #1 stone cold sober school? END
START how do robberies at byu's provo compare to the national average? END
START who rated byu as the #1 safest college campus in the nation? END
START what byu environment seems to surprise many visitors to byu as well as to the utah valley? END
START what are visitors to utah surprised by? END
START what did the princeton review rate buy #1 in? END
START what did business insider rate buy as? END
START murders are what fraction of the national average in provo? END
START how many television production studios is byu broadcasting technical operations center home to? END
START how many television control rooms is byu broadcasting technical operations center home to? END
START how many radio studios is byu byu broadcasting technical operations center home to? END
START which byu station offers content in both spanish and portugese? END
START which byu station is available via cable throughout some areas of the u.s.? END
START what is the byu operations technical center? END
START how is buytv available? END
START how many production studios is the buy technical broadcasting operations center home to? END
START what is the buy technical broadcasting operations center home to? END
START what is former alumnus paul d. boyer known for being? END
START what did former byu graduate harvey fletcher invent? END
START which famous clothing company was byu alumnus matthew k. mccauley ceo of? END
START what was byu graduate clayton m. christensen known as? END
START which nobel prize winner graduated from byu? END
START what title did kim b. christensen have? END
START what title does michael k. clark currently have? END
START who is matthew s. young? END
START who is stan l. holland? END
START who is teppo albrecht? END
START where did best selling author stephenie meyer graduate from in 1995? END
START which former miss america graduated from byu? END
START which former co-host of cbs's the early show graduated from byu? END
START which award winning espn sports writer graduated form byu? END
START which former cbs news correspondent graduated from byu? END
START what best selling author graduated from byu in 1957? END
START what best selling author graduated from byu in 1989? END
START what best selling author graduated from byu in 1959? END
START when did miss america sharlene johnson graduate? END
START what is ken dutcher considered to be? END
START which three-time olympic medalist and hall of famer graduated from byu? END
START which heisman trophy winner graduated from byu? END
START which two-time super bowl winner graduated from byu? END
START which winner of the 2003 golf masters graduated from byu? END
START which byu graduate has won both the 1976 british open and the 1973 u.s. open? END
START who has represented in 5 mlb world series? END
START what year did ty detmer graduate buy? END
START who won the u.s. open in 1976? END
START who won the 1973 masters? END
START what buy alumni won the heisman trophy? END
START what sorts of departments might one see in a major department store? END
START who started influencing department stores in the 1970's?  END
START what has begun pressuring department stores in more recent years? END
START other than at the check-out lanes at the front of a store, where may customers check out? END
START what sorts of departments might one see in a minor department store? END
START who started influencing department stores in the 1990's? END
START who stopped influencing department stores in the 1970's? END
START what has stopped pressuring department stores in more recent years? END
START other than at the check-out lanes at the front of a store, where can't customers check out? END
START when did the idea of a "consumer society" begin?  END
START what social group grew as a result of the industrial revolution?  END
START who was josiah wedgewood? END
START what is one explanation for the rise of retail stores in earlier history? END
START what group of people were suddenly free to go shopping without fears of being judged or reprimanded?  END
START when didn't the idea of a "consumer society" begin?  END
START what social group shrank as a result of the industrial revolution?  END
START who was josh wedgewood? END
START what is one explanation for the fall of retail stores in earlier history? END
START what group of people were suddenly no longer free to go shopping with fears of being judged or reprimanded?  END
START who became the predominant shoppers for individual households in the nineteenth century?  END
START what business in manchester claims to be the first department store?  END
START what did kendals change it's name to in 2005?  END
START what year did the manchester institution begin? END
START who acquired the manchester store in 1919?  END
START who became the predominant shoppers for individual households in the 18th century?  END
START what business in manchester claims to be the last department store?  END
START what did kendals change it's name to in 2015?  END
START what year did the manchester institution end? END
START who acquired the manchester store in 1991?  END
START who founded selfridges in 1909? END
START what made selfridges different from many department stores at the time?  END
START how was the store most often presented to the public?  END
START what sort of customers did selfridges most often cater to? END
START who founded selfridges in 1990? END
START who closed selfridges in 1909? END
START what made selfridges the same as many department stores at the time? END
START how wasn't the store most often presented to the public?  END
START what sort of customers did selfridges least often cater to? END
START what were the origins of the paris department store?  END
START what year was the first paris department store founded?  END
START what book described the functionality and operation of a contemporary paris department/novelty store? END
START what factors influenced the increase of department stores in paris?  END
START where did department stores begin to advertise after the large influx of new shoppers? END
START what weren't the origins of the paris department store? END
START what year was the last paris department store founded?  END
START what year was the first paris department store closed?  END
START what factors influenced the decrease of department stores in paris?  END
START where did department stores begin to advertise after the large influx of old shoppers? END
START what store was founded in paris, in 1838, which sold a wide variety of products?  END
START who became a partner to this store in 1852 and drastically changed operations? END
START what was the change in profit to au bon marche after these changes?  END
START what engineering company helped the store expand in 1872 END
START what was boucicaut most widely known for?  END
START what store was founded in paris, in 1883, which sold a wide variety of products?  END
START who became a partner to this store in 1825 and drastically changed operations? END
START what was the change in profit to au bon marche before these changes?  END
START what engineering company helped the store expand in 1782 END
START what was boucicaut most widely unknown for?  END
START where was the grands magasins dufayel built?  END
START what were employees taught that made a shopping experience different?  END
START what sort of stores were the grands magasins dufayel compared to?  END
START how were these stores different than most during that time? END
START where weren't the grands magasins dufayel built?  END
START what weren't employees taught that made a shopping experience different? END
START what were employees taught that made a shopping experience the same? END
START what sort of stores were the grands magasins dufayel not compared to?  END
START how were these stores the same as most during that time? END
START what is recognized as the "first" department store in america? END
START who founded arnold, constable?  END
START where was the store moved in 1857? END
START what made arnold, constable stand out from other stores during the civil war?  END
START when was the "palace of trade" built?  END
START what is recognized as the "last" department store in america? END
START who rejected arnold, constable?  END
START where was the store moved in 1875? END
START what made arnold, constable stand out from other stores during the revolutionary war?  END
START when was the "palace of trade" destroyed? END
START where was the "marble palace" built in 1846? END
START what policy did the marble palace introduce?  END
START how many departments did the new store have, built in 1862? END
START what selling methods did the marble palace use? END
START what customer services did the marble palace offer?  END
START where was the "marble palace" built in 1864? END
START what policy didn't the marble palace introduce?  END
START how many departments did the new store have, built in 1962? END
START what buying methods did the marble palace use? END
START what customer services didn't the marble palace offer?  END
START who opened the original "modern" department store in america? END
START what feature made wanamakers different from other stores at the time?  END
START how were important documents and money transported throughout the store?  END
START when was electric lighting first installed and used in the store?  END
START in what state was wanamakers established?  END
START who opened the last "modern" department store in america? END
START what feature made wanamakers the same as other stores at the time? END
START how were unimportant documents and money transported throughout the store?  END
START when was electric lighting last installed and used in the store?  END
START in what state wasn't wanamakers established?  END
START in what year was marshall field and company established?  END
START when did marshall's convert to the macy's name?  END
START what made marshall's such a good example for other stores? END
START where was marshall's european buying office located?  END
START what free service did marshall's provide customers until changing their name to macy's?  END
START in what year was marshall field and company closed?  END
START when didn't marshall's convert to the macy's name?  END
START what made marshall's such a bad example for other stores? END
START where was marshall's european selling office located?  END
START what charged service did marshall's provide customers until changing their name to macy's?  END
START what occupation did david jones have? END
START where did david jones and charles appleton meet?  END
START where did appleton begin a store in 1825? END
START what was the store in sydney called after jones moved to australia?  END
START when did the partnership between jones and appleton end? END
START what occupation didn't david jones have? END
START where didn't david jones and charles appleton meet?  END
START where did appleton begin a store in 1852? END
START what was the store in sydney called after jones moved to austria?  END
START when did the partnership between jones and appleton start? END
START what were some of the original australian department stores?  END
START when did sydney myer come to australia?  END
START where did the myer retail group open it's first store?  END
START what type of department stores are myer and david jones?  END
START what department store brand is now out of business in australia?  END
START what were some of the unoriginal australian department stores?  END
START when did sydney myer come to austria?  END
START where did the myer retail group open its last store?  END
START what type of hardware stores are myer and david jones? END
START what department store brand is now out of business in austria?  END
START what business was the hudson's bay company originally involved in?  END
START what department store chain did hudson's bay company own until it dissolved in 2013? END
START how many stores did woolco operate before selling their shares to walmart?  END
START currently, what department store is most popular in canada?  END
START what business was the hudson's bay company originally not involved in?  END
START what department store chain did hudson's bay company own until it dissolved in 2003? END
START how many stores did woolco operate before buying walmart?  END
START currently, what department store is least popular in canada?  END
START currently, what department store is most unpopular in canada?  END
START what is one type of competition department stores face?  END
START what types of stores have created even more competition?  END
START what factor lead to a decrease in department store shoppers? END
START in what year were department store sales beaten by larger stores? END
START what is one type of competition department stores never face?  END
START what types of stores have created even less competition?  END
START what types of stores haven't created even more competition?  END
START what factor lead to a increase in department store shoppers? END
START in what year weren't department store sales beaten by larger stores? END
START what began the influx of chinese department stores? END
START what area does intime department stores have the most influence in? END
START what department store has the most success in jiangsu province? END
START how are these foreign department stores expanding so quickly?  END
START what ended the influx of chinese department stores? END
START what began the influx of japanese department stores? END
START what area does intime department stores have the least influence in? END
START what department store has the least success in jiangsu province? END
START how are these domestic department stores expanding so quickly? END
START what year did lane crawford open?  END
START who established lane crawford?  END
START what was the store's original target customer base? END
START who opened the first chinese-owned department store?  END
START what year did lane crawford close?  END
START who closed lane crawford? END
START what wasn't the store's original target customer base? END
START who closed the first chinese-owned department store?  END
START who opened the first chinese-owned hardware store?  END
START what are the 3 main department store companies in denmark?  END
START currently, what is the largest department store chain in denmark?  END
START where is magasin's "flagship" store located?  END
START how many stores does salling have in jutland?  END
START what are the 4 main department store companies in denmark?  END
START currently, what isn't the largest department store chain in denmark? END
START currently, what is the smallest department store chain in denmark? END
START where isn't magasin's "flagship" store located?  END
START how many stores does salling have in justinland?  END
START what are two main department stores in france? END
START what year was the first department store open in france?  END
START who currently owns le bon marche? END
START what apartment store in paris was closed in 2005?  END
START what french department store is part of the same group as galeries lafayette? END
START what are three main department stores in france? END
START what year was the first department store closed in france?  END
START what year wasn't the first department store open in france?  END
START who currently rents le bon marche? END
START what apartment store in paris was closed in 2015?  END
START what cities influenced how department stores in germany operated?  END
START what department store was taken over by nicolas berggruen in 2010? END
START what major department store operates in berlin?  END
START what store is a part of the metro ag? END
START what cities influenced how department stores in austria operated?  END
START what department store was taken over by nicolas berggruen in 2011? END
START what department store wasn't taken over by nicolas berggruen in 2010? END
START what major department store no longer operates in berlin?  END
START what store isn't a part of the metro ag? END
START where did the metro department store originally begin? END
START when did seibu, located in jakarta, re-open?  END
START where did galeries lafayette open in 2013, inside indonesia?  END
START who operates the wide range of department stores in these areas? END
START what store led the indonesian markets until 2010 when it closed?  END
START where did the metro department store originally end? END
START when did seibu, located in jakarta, re-close?  END
START where did galeries lafayette open in 2003, inside indonesia END
START who operates the wide range of department stores in other areas? END
START what store led the indonesian markets until 2000 when it closed?  END
START what store did parkson buy in 2011?  END
START where did centro open it's first store of 2014? END
START who did lotte partner with?  END
START where is the "lotte shopping avenue" located?  END
START what was makro re-labeled as after it's purchase?  END
START what store did parkson sell in 2011?  END
START where did centro open it's first store of 2004? END
START who didn't lotte partner with? END
START where isn't the "lotte shopping avenue" located?  END
START what was makro re-labeled as before it's purchase?  END
START when did ireland begin to see a growth in its middle class? END
START what department store was founded in 1853? END
START in what city was delany's new mart opened?  END
START what was delany's originally called?  END
START in what year was the store destroyed?  END
START when did ireland begin to see a growth in its upper class? END
START what department store was founded in 1835? END
START in what city was delany's new mart closed?  END
START what wasn't delany's originally called?  END
START in what year wasn't the store destroyed?  END
START what mexican department store typically caters to high-end goods? END
START what company is responsible for over 100 stores in the country?  END
START what company operates sears mexico?  END
START what chains typically cater to bargain shoppers?  END
START what mexican department store typically caters to low-end goods? END
START what company is responsible for over 200 stores in the country?  END
START what company isn't responsible for over 100 stores in the country?  END
START what company rejects sears mexico?  END
START what chains typically don't cater to bargain shoppers?  END
START what sorts of goods do the most popular department stores in new zealand offer?  END
START what city is arthur barnett in?  END
START where is h & j smith's flagship store? END
START where are h & j smith stores typically located?  END
START when was laidlaw leeds first established?  END
START what sorts of goods do the least popular department stores in new zealand offer?  END
START what city isn't arthur barnett in?  END
START where isn't h & j smith's flagship store? END
START where are h & j smith stores atypically located?  END
START when was laidlaw leeds last established?  END
START how did panama's department stores originally begin?  END
START when did panama's department stores first start?  END
START what department store is often called "felix" by the local population?  END
START what store has managed to survive despite much it's competition going under?  END
START how did panama's department stores originally end?  END
START how didn't panama's department stores originally begin?  END
START when did panama's department stores first end?  END
START what department store is never called "felix" by the local population?  END
START what store has managed to close despite much it's competition thriving? END
START when was the first department store in the philippines opened? END
START who opened some of the first department stores in the philippines?  END
START where were some of the original philippine stores located?   END
START what historical event led to many department stores in the area being destroyed?  END
START when were the companies shoemart and rustan's established?  END
START when was the first department store in the philippines closed? END
START when was the last department store in the philippines opened? END
START who closed some of the first department stores in the philippines?  END
START where were some of the newest philippines stores located?  END
START what historical event led to many department stores in the area being saved?  END
START what department store in puerto rico is named after an american city? END
START when is the mall of san juan expected to open?  END
START how many tenants are expected to set up shop in the mall of san juan? END
START what two major retailers have plans to do business in the mall once it opens?  END
START what department store in puerto rico isn't named after an american city? END
START when is the mall of san juan expected to close?  END
START when isn't the mall of san juan expected to open?  END
START how many tenants aren't expected to set up shop in the mall of san juan? END
START what two minor retailers have plans to do business in the mall once it opens? END
START when was saint petersburg established?  END
START who founded a shopping mall reserved for the most elites of society?  END
START what famous author described parts of the mall in his books? END
START what historical site still operates within the mall?  END
START when was saint petersburg demolished?  END
START who founded a shopping mall reserved for the poorest of society? END
START what unknown author described parts of the mall in his books? END
START what historical site no longer operates within the mall?  END
START what historical site still operates outside of the mall?  END
START what group was established in 1921 in response to the clash between socialism and consumerism?  END
START when did gum begin to decline and lose power?  END
START who formed the state department stores, aka gum?  END
START when did they first establish the organization? END
START what group was established in 1912 in response to the clash between socialism and consumerism?  END
START what group was established in 1921 in response to the clash between communism and consumerism?  END
START when did gum stop declining and gained power?  END
START who never formed the state department stores, aka gum?  END
START when did they last establish the organization? END
START where is the most notable russian department store located? END
START in what city is the passage located? END
START what movie demonstrates the operation of department stores in the former soviet union? END
START when was the movie depicting soviet department stores filmed?  END
START where is the least notable russian department store located? END
START where is the most notable russian department store not located? END
START in what city isn't the passage located? END
START what movie demonstrates the operation of department stores in the current soviet union? END
START when wasn't the movie depicting soviet department stores filmed?  END
START what department store chain operates the most stores?  END
START where is the "field of distribution" most often associated with? END
START what store was the largest department store in the world in 2010? END
START where is the largest department store in the world located? END
START what department store chain operates the least stores?  END
START what department restaurant chain operates the most stores?  END
START where is the "field of distribution" least often associated with? END
START where is the smallest department store in the world located? END
START what store was the smallest department store in the world in 2010? END
START what was the name of the first spanish department store? END
START when was the first spanish department store opened?  END
START what department store brand now owns most of the market in spain?  END
START when was el corte ingles established?  END
START what wasn't the name of the first spanish department store? END
START what was the name of the last spanish department store? END
START when was the first spanish department store closed?  END
START when was el corte ingles demolished?  END
START what department store brand now rents most of the market in spain?  END
START what is the former name of john lewis newcastle?  END
START what is the world's oldest department store?  END
START who partnered with william alder dunn to open the first store?  END
START what was the location of the first store?  END
START when did john lewis purchase and take over the bainbridge store? END
START what is the current name of john lewis newcastle?  END
START what is the world's newest department store? END
START who partnered with william alder dunn to open the last store?  END
START what was the location of the last store?  END
START when did john lewis sell and take over the bainbridge store? END
START who purchased a small shop in 1835, which would eventually become kendals? END
START where was the store located?  END
START how long did the store operate for?  END
START who eventually purchased and assumed operation of the store?  END
START who purchased a small shop in 1853, which would eventually become kendals? END
START who purchased a large shop in 1835, which would eventually become kendals? END
START where wasn't the store located?  END
START how long didn't the store operate for?  END
START who eventually sold and ceased operation of the store?  END
START when did garfinckel's begin operating in washington?  END
START in what year did garfield's go bankrupt? END
START how many major department stores did baltimore have at the time?  END
START by what year had most local stores been assimilated into larger chain operations?  END
START when did garfinckel's end operating in washington?  END
START in what year didn't garfield's go bankrupt? END
START how many minor department stores did baltimore have at the time?  END
START how many major department stores didn't baltimore have at the time?  END
START by what year hadn't most local stores been assimilated into larger chain operations?  END
START how many stores was j. c. penny operating in 1930? END
START what demographic were most stores focusing on? END
START what store was one of the first to offer shopping choices for both men and women at the same time? END
START how many stores was sears operating in 1940? END
START how many stores was j. c. penny operating in 1903? END
START how many stores wasn't j. c. penny operating in 1930? END
START what demographic weren't most stores focusing on? END
START what store was one of the last to offer shopping choices for both men and women at the same time? END
START how many stores was sears operating in 1904? END
START in what year did hudson's address the issue of parking within cities? END
START what was the store called in southfield?  END
START in what year did the hudson's skyscraper close?  END
START what company purchased the northland center in 2006? END
START what was the northfield center renamed after it's purchase by another company? END
START in what year didn't hudson's address the issue of parking within cities? END
START in what year did hudson's address the issue of parking outside of cities? END
START what was the store called in northfield?  END
START in what year did the hudson's skyscraper open?  END
START what company purchased the northland center in 2016? END
START who opened dayton's dry goods? END
START in what year was dayton's dry goods established?  END
START when was the southdale center opened?  END
START what store did the dayton-hudson corporation purchase in 1978? END
START who closed dayton's dry goods? END
START in what year wasn't dayton's dry goods established?  END
START in what year was dayton's dry goods closed?  END
START when was the southdale center closed?  END
START what store did the dayton-hudson corporation purchase in 1987? END
START in what year did horne began doing business? END
START in what city did horne begin their operations? END
START what company purchased horne's in 1972? END
START how many horne's stores did federated department stores buy in 1994? END
START in what year didn't horne begin doing business? END
START in what year did horne stop doing business? END
START in what city did horne cease their operations? END
START what company purchased horne's in 1927? END
START how many horne's stores did federated department stores buy in 1949? END
START which constitution gave legislative power to protect intellectual property? END
START when was the paris convention? END
START when was the berne convention? END
START when did the paris and berne administrative secretariats merge? END
START what name did the merged secretariats adopt? END
START what constitution epressly protected intellectual propert? END
START what position was established by the paris convention in 1886 and the berne convention 1883? END
START secretaties from what convention merged with the secrataries of the paris convention  in 1886? END
START who located in paris after merging in 1893? END
START what name was adopted by the administrative secretatioes from the berne convention? END
START when was the patent case davoll et al. v. brown ruled on? END
START which court ruled on the patent case davoll et al. v. brown? END
START who wrote that "only in this way can we protect intellectual property"? END
START what year did the "discoveries are property" concept appear in french law? END
START when did french author a. nion mention intellectual property? END
START what french author mentioned intellectual property in 1845? END
START who ruled on the 1846 patent case? END
START what justice wrote "all new discoveries are the property of the author" END
START in what year did french law state that " the labors of the mind, productions and interests are as much a man's own...as the wheat he cultivates"? END
START what is delivered to the nventor for anywhere from 1-15 years? END
START jewish law includes which principle used to justify copyright? END
START when did jewish law recognize copyright? END
START when did sybaris offer patents? END
START how long was a patent valid in sybaris? END
START what jewish principle justified copyright in 500 bce? END
START how long was the patent offered by jewish law? END
START what greek state offered copyrights?  END
START a jewish law considered intellectual creations to be what? END
START who grants a patent? END
START who is a patent granted to? END
START how many requirements does an invention need to fulfill for a patent? END
START an invention is a solution to what type of problem? END
START what is a patent offered in exchange for? END
START what excludes the inventor from making using selling or offering to sell an invention? END
START what is kept from public disclosure in exchange for a patent? END
START what is a solution to an intellectual problem? END
START what grandson inventor exclusive use of an invention for a limited amount of time? END
START what needs to be new obvious and have an industrial application? END
START what is the stated objective of most intellectual property law? END
START what do patents create an incentive for inventors to do? END
START which view treats intellectual property as another type of "real" property? END
START which recent law stresses international harmonization? END
START what has the stated objective of protecting the inventor? END
START who do patents keep from disclosing their work? END
START what new treats intellectual property different than real property? END
START what recent loss stresses national harmonization? END
START why is less intellectual property more desirable? END
START how much was the worth of intellectual property to the u.s. economy in 2013? END
START how many americans did intellectual property create employment for in 2013? END
START where has ip become a recognised asset class? END
START how many intangible assets are not being leveraged in the uk? END
START what was estimated to be worth $18 million to the us economy? END
START what does intellectual property create for 5 trillion people? END
START what is not valued as highly in other developed countries? END
START what has become a recognized asset class in the european union? END
START what country has millions of tangible assets not being leveraged? END
START what is caused by using or selling a patented invention without permission? END
START where does the safe harbor to use a patented invention for research generally not exist? END
START what type of law handles patent infringement cases in the us? END
START what type of law handles patent infringement cases in china? END
START what type of law handles patent infringement cases in russia? END
START what is caused by using or selling a patented invention? END
START what does the us have a safe harbor for? END
START what type of cases in the us are handled by criminal law? END
START what types of cases in russia and china are handled by civil law? END
START when was the acta trade agreement signed? END
START which countries signed acta? END
START which doctrines allow limited use of copyrighted works? END
START what is the common term for copyright infringement? END
START what is it called when you reproduce distribute display works from copyright with their without permission? END
START what is not created until the copyright owner registers the copyright? END
START which document allows unlimited use of copyrighted works? END
START what countries refused to accept acta END
START what is the government responsible for enforcing? END
START what occurs when someone uses a trademark that is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark owned by someone else? END
START what does registering a trademark provide? END
START where is a trademark protected without registration? END
START how is trademark infringement addressed in most jurisdictions? END
START how is trademark infringement addressed in a few jurisdictions? END
START what occurs when someone uses an identical trademark but not when the use a similar trademark END
START what this trademark protection require in most jurisdictions? END
START a trademark without what receives the same legal advantages as a registered trademark? END
START what is addressed by criminal law in all jurisdictions? END
START which type of intellectual property is secret? END
START what law do most us states use to protect trade secrets? END
START what us federal law protects trade secrets? END
START commonwealth common law regards trade secrets as what kind of right? END
START us law regards trade secrets as what kind of right? END
START what secrets this federal law protect? END
START what do most us states use the economic espionage act to protect? END
START what does federal law protect using the uniform trade secrets act? END
START what does the unified trade secrets act make a federal crime? END
START what is criminalized by the united trade secrets act when for the benefit of a foreign power? END
START which term is criticized as vague? END
START what does the term 'intellectual property' disallow intelligent discussion about? END
START critics criticize what type of validity of the term 'intellectual property'? END
START which term is criticized as having abstract overreach? END
START what term is criticized is too specific? END
START what does the term intellectual property allow intelligent discussion about? END
START which term is criticized as being too concrete in narrow? END
START what do supporters say the term intelectual propertyspecially serves? END
START who founded the free software foundation? END
START who said the term 'intellectual property' should be rejected altogether? END
START who said the term 'intellectual property' "operates as a catch-all"? END
START how does stallman advocate referring to copyrights, patents, and trademarks? END
START what term does richard stallman support using? END
START who said the term intellectual property simplifies and clarifies these issues? END
START what does stallman advocate refering to in the plurally? END
START what does stallman say is created by confusing ownership with monopolies? END
START stallman thinks what type of ip historically served as a censorship system? END
START what does stallman think copyright served as a regulatory model for? END
START what does stallman think was meant to be optional and experimental? END
START what does stallman think copyright was supposed to trade temporarily for public benefit? END
START who pointed out that "if copyright were a natural right nothing could justify terminating this right after a certain period of time"? END
START what does stallman say that censorship is a form of? END
START what was censorship a regulatory model for? END
START what does stallman say is meant to be mandatory? END
START what restricts free speech? END
START what does stallman say is a natural right? END
START who is one advocate of copyleft? END
START who has objected to the idea of ip because "property" implies scarcity? END
START having no natural scarcity makes ip different from what kind of property? END
START how much can ip be duplicated without diminishing the original? END
START what law proffessor suppoert copyright? END
START who says property does not imply scarcity? END
START ip is like what other kind of property? END
START what can not be duplicated without diminishing the original? END
START what can be harmed by pharmaceutical patents? END
START ip benefits concentrated interests to whose detriment? END
START whose interests are harmed by expanding ip? END
START developments in nanotechnology are being undermined by what type of ip? END
START what type of monopolies does ip create? END
START what is suppoerted by pharmaceutical patents? END
START what concentrated intersts for tha benefit of the masses? END
START what kind of monopolies does ip break up? END
START whose interests are helped by expanding ip END
START who recognizes that conflicts may exist between ip and other human rights? END
START when was a document called "human rights and intellectual property" issued? END
START who issued a document called "human rights and intellectual property"? END
START who said ip failures may infringe on human rights to food and health? END
START when did the wipo adopt 'the geneva declaration on the future of the world intellectual property organization'? END
START who says that ip is in harmony with other human rights? END
START when did the wipo issue the "human rights and intellectual property" END
START what did the wipo say ip failures infringed on? END
START when did the un committee adopt 'the geneva declaration on the future of the world inellectual property organization'? END
START what tends to be governed by social goals? END
START for what type of goods are ip's ethical problems most pertinent? END
START what is an example of socially valuable goods? END
START what cost does ip rights allow companies to charge higher than? END
START who might a higher price exclude from the market? END
START what do ip rights keep companies from charging? END
START what does an irp driven regime encourage production of four poor populations? END
START what type of goods are exempt from the ethical problems brought on by ip rights? END
START what do ip rights keep companies from recouping? END
START what type of creativity is excluded from the us definition of ip? END
START what doesn't current us ip law recognize the uniqueness of? END
START requiring written records enforces what kind of bias? END
START the western bias is that what form is more authoritative? END
START who includes common creativity in their definition of intellectual property? END
START what does current us ip law recognize the uniqueness of? END
START what bias is eliminated by asking native cultures to write down their cultural artifacts? END
START what definition includes any works that are result of community creativity? END
START what is the american film industry's trade organization? END
START the motion picture association of america is which industry's trade organization? END
START which country is the world's largest producer of films? END
START the mpaa has advocated strong protection of what kind of rights? END
START congress has advocated a strong protection of what kind of rights? END
START what has congress argued that people are entitled to? END
START what type of reforms have weakened the mpaa? END
START what is congress aware of that makes it difficult to expand the conception of intellectual property? END
START what does the recording industry call piracy? END
START what type of company was napster? END
START what law enforces digital rights management systems? END
START which articles of the eu copyright directive address circumvention of copyright protection? END
START when was the conditional access directive passed in the eu? END
START the growth of what has strengthened copyright policy? END
START what industry did not have success against the file sharing company napster? END
START what has seen a decrease in the use of digital rights management tools? END
START what is an example of a civil law to prevent circumvention of software used to enforce digital rights END
START what can copyleft license hinder? END
START when was the agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights ratified? END
START what type of law handled ip rights before 1994 in trip signatories? END
START what type of ip did the trip agreement harmonize the definition of? END
START what is any sign which is capable of distinguishing one business's product from another business's? END
START what type of law handled ip rights after 1994? END
START what type of ip did the trip agreement muddied the definition of? END
START what is a sign that is often shared between one business and another? END
START before trip how was a trademark defined? END
