START where do armenians mostly live besides armenia? END
START how many armenians live outside armenia and the republic within it? END
START where do most emigrant armenians live? END
START why did many armenians leave armenia? END
START where to russians live besides armenia? END
START how many people of ukranian ancestry live in russia? END
START why did many armenians leave iran? END
START where have people from the nagorno-karabakh republic immigrated to? END
START of what ancestry are people who have emigrated outside of the us? END
START how long ago has the term 'armenia' been used? END
START what is the earliest known use of 'armenians'? END
START who wrote the earliest known use of 'armenians'? END
START who described armenian life in 401 bc? END
START what did xenophon say armenian language sounded like? END
START how long has the term xenophon been used? END
START who was first to use the term xenophon? END
START what did hecateus of miletus refer to in his trillingual behistun inscription in 517 bc? END
START when does darius i of persia talk about armenian village life and hospitality? END
START what did hecateus of miletus believe the people's language sounded like? END
START what mountain does armenia surround? END
START what era was the hittite empire in? END
START when did the hayasa-azzi rule? END
START when did the arme-shupria rule? END
START when did the nairi rule? END
START what did the hittite empire reach under ashurbanipal? END
START what area is in the highlands surrounding the kingdom of urartu? END
START what mountain is hayasa-azzi located near? END
START what did the hittite empire from 860-590 bc gain soverignty over? END
START under who's rule did the mittani reach the caucasus mountains? END
START what languages does hamp say are similar to armenian? END
START what subgroup does hamp put the armenian language in? END
START where does hamp say the pontic indo-european languages originate? END
START what languages does caucasus think are similar to batumi? END
START into what language subgroup is batumi categorized? END
START where do batumi languages originate? END
START where is it thought the batumi migrated? END
START in what year did caucasus develop his indo-eurpoean family tree? END
START when was armenia established? END
START what famous inscription mentioned armenia? END
START during which dynasty was armenia established? END
START when was armenia at its largest? END
START in what year was caucasus established? END
START within what empire was caucasus created? END
START under what dynasty was caucasus established? END
START what happened during the reign of hecataeus of miletus? END
START what inscription mentioned caucasus? END
START what was the first country to make christianity its official religion? END
START what religion was armenian paganism influenced by? END
START when did armenia make christianity its official religion? END
START why did armenia make christianity its official religion? END
START who invented the armenian alphabet? END
START what did the arsacid kingdom invent in 405 ad? END
START what was a branch of mesrop mashtots? END
START what was the first country to officially acopt sassanids as its religion? END
START what religion formerly existed in the greco-roman empire in 405 ad? END
START when did the greco-roman empire officially adopt christianity as its religion? END
START when did armenia become a sovereign kingdom? END
START under which ruler did armenia become a sovereign kingdom? END
START what dynasty was ashot i part of? END
START who invaded armenia in 1064? END
START what turkic federations ruled armenia? END
START what did the seljuk turks invade in 885 ad? END
START what group fled the invasion of the mamluk in 885 ad? END
START what are some groups that ruled over the mamluk over the centuries? END
START what ties did djengis khan develop with crusader states? END
START what group eventually succumbed to anatolian invasions? END
START when did the russo-persian war begin? END
START when did the russo-persian war end? END
START what treaty ended the russo-persian war? END
START when did parts of armenia under iranian control become part of russia? END
START when was the peace of amasya? END
START what came under russian rule in the early 16th century? END
START why did western and eastern armenia come under russian rule in the early 16th century? END
START in what year did the safavid-qajar war begin? END
START what year did the safavid-qajar war end? END
START what war did russia lose in the late 1820's? END
START who says they didn't kill armenians as genocide, just because they were 'in the way of the war'? END
START what has happened when other countries condemned armenian genocide? END
START who ruled turkey when the armenian genocide happened? END
START what has the government of armenia consistently rejected? END
START what do foreign countries argue that justifies the killings of the people of turkey? END
START what does talking about the ottoman empire provoke? END
START how do foreign countries categorize citizens of turkey who died? END
START what does turkey want to pass to condemn the ottoman genocide? END
START what was armenia's status from 1918 to 1920? END
START when did communists take over armenia? END
START who invaded armenia in 1920? END
START what part of the ussr did armenia join? END
START when did armenia leave the ussr? END
START when was the red army part of an independent republic after the russian empire breakup? END
START who invaded russia in 1920? END
START when did russia become independent from the ussr? END
START when did the russian empire come to power and invade the transcaucasian sfsr? END
START what part of the red army did the communists join in 1991? END
START how long have armenians lived in the highlands? END
START who founded the first armenian nation? END
START who did hayk defeat? END
START how many native armenians are in armenia today? END
START what does hayastantsis mean? END
START how long have russians lived in the armenian highland? END
START who founded the first iranian nation? END
START who did hayk lead the russians to victory over? END
START what is the population of iran today? END
START what does the name hayk mean? END
START what is the armenian quarter? END
START how many people live in the armenian monastery in or near italy? END
START when was the italian armenian monastery founded? END
START what religion is the italian armenian monastery? END
START where is the italian armenian monastery? END
START how long have catholic communities existed outside austria? END
START what is the italian quarter? END
START when was venice, italy founded? END
START where is the hungarian monastery? END
START how many people live in the austrian monastery near jerusalem? END
START what are parskahay? END
START what are lipananahay? END
START what dialect do most diaspora armenians speak? END
START how similar is western armenian to eastern armenian dialect? END
START what type of armenian is spoken by armenians in iran and russia? END
START what can speakers of the variations of parskahay do? END
START in what province do canadians have a majority? END
START what do groups of russians do when they live in the us? END
START how are russians from iran classified? END
START how are russians from lebanon referred to? END
START when did armenia's church become independent? END
START what is armenia's church called? END
START what type of catholicism is armenia's church part of? END
START where was the armenian catholicosate located at first? END
START where did the armenian catholicosate move to? END
START when did the echmiadzin church gain independence? END
START why did the echmiadzin church become independent? END
START what church is part of the eastern orthodox communion? END
START what did the council of chalcedon depend on the church to do? END
START where did echmiadzin move to because it was safer? END
START what religion is dominant in the countries surrounding armenia? END
START what are hamshenis? END
START who became catholicos in etchmiadzin in 1441? END
START who remained catholicos of cilicia? END
START how do the two catholicosates compare? END
START what did the armenian muslims have close ties to? END
START what other religion has been surrounded by a christian majority? END
START how do muslims in armenia view hamshenis? END
START how long have christians been involved in eurpean crusader states? END
START since the existence of eurppean crusaider states, what has there been in the hamshenis church? END
START which armenian church recognizes the pope? END
START what broke away from the armenian apostolic church? END
START what broke away from the armenian evangelical church? END
START which armenian church is the most popular in armenia? END
START who does the armenian evangelical church recognize? END
START how was the armenian catholic church formed? END
START what does the armenian evangelical church follow? END
START what is the most popular protestant church to christians? END
START what church did the armenian apostolic church break away from? END
START who came up with the armenian alphabet? END
START when did armenian writing begin? END
START who was the 'father of armenian history'? END
START who wrote 'the history of armenia'? END
START which european movement were the revivalist authors similar to? END
START when did gevork emin invent the armenian alphabet? END
START when did european writing begin? END
START what other name was given to paruyr sevak? END
START what work was written by silva kaputikyan? END
START what was zartonki sherchan interested in openly discussing? END
START when were early armenian christian churches built? END
START in which century did armenia become christian? END
START what radiating style are some armenian churches built with? END
START when were armenian churches built with center cupola cones? END
START when were armenian churches built with niched buttresses? END
START when were the first arab structures built? END
START what style of architecture so some arab structures use? END
START what had formed when hrip'sime became christian? END
START what had become widely used in early churches? END
START what did some churches sometimes have in the fifth century? END
START who invaded armenia in the 11th century? END
START what armenian monasteries were built in the 11th century? END
START when was there an armenian architecture revival? END
START what dynasty ruled armenia in the 10th century? END
START what was ornately carved in the 9th-11th centuries? END
START who was khachkar invaded by in the 11th century? END
START where was a new monastery built after the seljuk invasion? END
START what cathedral was completed during the khachkar dynasty? END
START what two major monasteries were built during the khachkar dynasty? END
START what building style was used in the area of haritchavank? END
START when did armenia begin winning olympic medals? END
START where were the 1952 olympics held? END
START which armenian football team was the most successful? END
START what pro team has fc ararat beaten? END
START who won armenia's first olympic medal? END
START when did fc bayern munich first win olympic medals? END
START where were the 1970 olympics located? END
START who was the first person from munich to win medals in the olympics? END
START what medals did yerevan's fc ararat win in the 1952 olympics? END
START who did hrant shahinyan beat in the euro cup? END
START what kind of music does sayat nova play? END
START what instruments are used in armenian folk music? END
START what kind of armenian religious music is prevalent? END
START what did mashtots do besides composing religious chants? END
START what was aram khatchaturian's career? END
START what did saint sabre invent? END
START what instruments is aram khatchaturian famous for playing? END
START what did sayat nova create the sabre dance for? END
START what did sayat nova create besides the armenian alphabet? END
START under who's rule did mesrop mashots become famous internationally? END
START what type of music is richard hagopian famous for? END
START what instruments does 'kef' use? END
START what type of music does sirusho perform? END
START what nationality is charles aznavour? END
START what us heavy metal band is comprised of armenians? END
START what two pop artists became famous in turkey the 40's and 50's? END
START what event was caused by french influence that led to widespread armenian emigration? END
START what dance style was popular after people of turkey emigrated to the us? END
START who is the most popular member of system of a down? END
START what famous opera singers used the kef style? END
START what job do many armenian women traditionally do? END
START when is the earliest known armenian carpet from? END
START where is the earliest known armenian carpet from? END
START what is 'gorg'? END
START where is the earliest known use of 'gorg'? END
START what is the armenian word for weaving? END
START when was the first time the word for weaving was used? END
START what is the traditional profession of kaptavians? END
START when was the earliest medieval church founded? END
START where is the earliest medieval church from? END
START what is hakobyan's career? END
START what creatures are often depicted on armenian carpets? END
START what are artsvagorgs? END
START what are vishapagorgs? END
START what are otsagorgs? END
START what is artsakh's profession? END
START what two motifs were usually found in kaptavian inscriptions? END
START what are the hravard inscriptions composed of? END
START what are the hravard inscriptions similar to? END
START what are manuscripts separated into depending on the animals on them? END
START what is khorovats? END
START what is lavash? END
START what is paklava? END
START what is a kabob? END
START what is ghapama? END
START what is the favorite fruit that is part of armenian-style barbecue? END
START how long have cornelian cherries been grown in armenia? END
START what reputation do cornelian cherries have? END
START what is a dish called that uses fruits, grapes and figs? END
START what is a popular grape leaf in armenia? END
START what are the jehovah witnesses? END
START what are the beliefs of jehovah witnesses distinct from? END
START how many adherents worldwide does the group claim? END
START who is in charges of directing the jehovah witnesses? END
START where are the group elders located? END
START how many jehovah witnesses adherents live in the united states? END
START where was jehovah witnesses founded? END
START how many jehovah witnesses are involved in evangelism in the united states? END
START where do jehovah witnesses believe armageddon will get its start? END
START what are jehovah witnesses best known for? END
START what do jehovah witnesses refuse? END
START what do jehovah witnesses consider the name jehovah vital for? END
START why do jehovah witnesses reject inherent immortality of the soul, hellfire and trinitarianism? END
START why don't jehovah witnesses celebrate the usual holidays and customs? END
START what  in one of the christian religions that observes christmas? END
START what is one of the christian religions that celebrates easter? END
START what is one of the christian religions which believes in trinitarianism? END
START which a christian religion that allows blood transfusions? END
START what is a religion that doesn't limit social interactions with non-believers? END
START when did charles taze russell form a group? END
START where did russell and others form their group? END
START what was the purpose of russell's group? END
START when russell met nelson h. barbour in 1876, they jointly produced what book? END
START 1914 would mark the end of a 2520 year period known as what? END
START what was the name of a member in charles taze russell's group in 1870? END
START what major event occurred in 1914? END
START in what year did nelson h. barbour die? END
START what was one of the doctrinal differences that russell and barbour had? END
START when did watch tower supporters gather as autonomous congregations to study the bible? END
START how many congregations were founded? END
START when did russell visit each of the congregations to provide the format he recommended to conduct their meetings? END
START what did the congregations which continued to form during russell's ministry remain? END
START who presided over zion's watch tower tract society in 1881? END
START who was the most distributed christian author in the world in 1912? END
START who presided over zion's watch tower tract society in 1900? END
START in what year did charles taze russell die? END
START in what year did william henry conley die? END
START how many foreign missionaries did charles taze russell appoint? END
START when did russell move the society's headquarters to brooklyn? END
START what did russell combine at the headquarters? END
START what was the name of the residence where volunteers were housed? END
START how many people worldwide were associated with russell's movement by 1910? END
START when did russell die? END
START in what month in 1909 did russell move the watch tower societies headquarters to brooklyn, new york? END
START in what year did russell establish the international bible students association? END
START how many people in the united states were associated with jehovah's witnesses as of 1910? END
START in what year had russell established the watch tower society? END
START what was one of the cities on russell's 1916 ministerial speaking tour? END
START who was elected as the watch tower society's president in january of 1917? END
START what had rutherford been before being elected the group's president? END
START when did rutherford release the finished mystery? END
START who did the finished mystery strongly criticize?  END
START what were watch tower society directors jailed for? END
START in what year did joseph franklin rutherford become the legal representative of the watch tower society? END
START who was one of the prominent people that disputed joseph franklin rutherford becoming the watch tower society president? END
START who was one of the board of directors for the watch tower society in 1917? END
START in what year was the first of russells studies in the scriptures series first published? END
START who was one of the watch tower society's directors jailed for sedition in 1918? END
START what did rutherford institute the appointment of in each congregation in 1919? END
START what were all members instructed to report weekly to the brooklyn headquarters? END
START where as an international convention held in september of 1922? END
START what was a new emphasis made on at the international convention? END
START how long was rutherford's tenure as president of the society? END
START in what month in 1920 did rutherford claim that some jewish patriarchs would be resurrected in 1925? END
START how many people attended the cedar point, ohio, convention of the watch tower society? END
START in what year did the first bible student organizations split from the watch tower society? END
START when did rutherford introduce the new name for the society? END
START what biblical passage was the name jehovah's witnesses based on? END
START what system did rutherford eliminate in 1932? END
START where were appointments in congregations worldwide made from? END
START in what year did rutherford take over leadership of the watch tower society? END
START how were local elders selected by the jehovah's witnesses between 1932 and 1938? END
START in what month in 1932 did rutherford eliminate the system of locally elected elders? END
START in what month in 1938 did rutherford introduce a new theocratic organizational structure? END
START from when was it taught that the little flock would not be the only people to survive armageddon? END
START what was the number of the little flock set at? END
START where would the great multitude live? END
START all new converts to the movmeent since 1935 were considered part of what class? END
START when was the start of the last days moved to in the mid-1930s? END
START in what year was armageddon to occur according to rutherford? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there as of 1935? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses had there been in 1914? END
START in what year did rutherford die? END
START who was appointed as the third president of the watch tower bible and tract society in 1942? END
START what did knorr commission? END
START when was the full version of the new world translation of the holy scriptures released? END
START what was knorr's presidency marked by the increasing use of? END
START what was greater use of congregational judicial procedures used to enforce? END
START in what year did nathan knorr commission a new translation of the bible? END
START in what year did nathan knorr organize his first international assembly? END
START in what year did nathan knorr start demanding jehovah's witnesses start following a strict moral code? END
START in what year did nathan knorr issue general instructions to guide witnesses? END
START in what year did nathan knorr introduce his first new training program? END
START from 1966, what did witness publications and conventions think would happen in late 1975? END
START how many baptisms were there in 1974? END
START how many active members were there in 1975? END
START why did membership decline in the late 1970s? END
START what did the watch tower society admit in 1980? END
START in what year did witnesses decide to put off armageddon until late 1975 instead of their earlier year? END
START how many witnesses were baptized in 1975? END
START how many witnesses were there in the united states in 1966? END
START what was one of the major changes that occurred in 1975? END
START how many witnesses were there in 1980? END
START when was the offices of restored to the witness congregations? END
START starting in september 2014, who was responsible for making appointments in the church? END
START in 1976 whose power in watch tower society was diminished? END
START when did knorr die?  END
START who has been president of the society since 2000? END
START in what year did branch committees start to make appointments? END
START who was one of the members of the governing body in 1977? END
START who was one of the members of the governing body in 1995? END
START how are jehovah witnesses organized? END
START what does the theocratic organization of jehovah witnesses reflect on earth? END
START what gender are all the members of the governing body? END
START how many members does the governing body consist of? END
START who does the governing body direct? END
START how many governing body members were there in late 2012? END
START how many self-professed "anointed" jehovah's witnesses were there as of 2012 in the united states? END
START how many traveling overseers are there? END
START how many circuits of congregations make up the jehovah's witnesses organization? END
START how many "anointed" jehovah's witnesses were there as of 2014? END
START what does each congregation have? END
START whose responsibility is it to conduct meetings and decide action for cases involving sexual misconduct? END
START who appoints new elders? END
START what does the title of elder not signify? END
START what ecclesiastical privilege may elders employ? END
START who sets teaching times? END
START who does public preaching work? END
START what is the title used for ministerial servants? END
START who among the witnesses does formal clergy-laity? END
START who appoints traveling overseers? END
START what is a requirement for being considered a member of jehovah's witnesses? END
START what aren't considered valid when performed by other denominations? END
START what do witness publications say baptism symbolizes a person's personal dedication to? END
START jehovah witnesses' literature puts emphasis on the obedience to not only jehovah but also to his what? END
START individuals must remain jehovah witnesses if they wish to receive what from god? END
START at what age does a jehovah's witness do baptism? END
START what is the name of one of the jehovah's witnesses publications? END
START what do people undergoing baptism affirm privately? END
START will an unbaptized infant survive or not if a sudden armageddon were to occur? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe their religion is a restoration of? END
START who establishes the doctrines of the jehovah witnesses?  END
START where does the governing body express its doctrinal position? END
START how does god reveal his will and purpose? END
START what is the jehovah witnesses' leadership said to provide? END
START what is one of the publications put out by the watch tower society? END
START what religion claims their top official is infallible? END
START what did first-century christians call themselves? END
START whose decision was it that members of the governing body have "deep truths" imparted to them by the holy spirit? END
START what is considered the inspired, inerrant word of god? END
START what do jehovah witnesses consider the science and history within the bible to be? END
START whose pronouncements within jehovah witnesses group are considered to carry almost as much weight as the bible? END
START what are members of jehovah witnesses cautioned against reading? END
START what is there no provision for members of the jehovah witnesses to do in relation to the official teachings? END
START  who is the outside foremost authority on jehovah's witnesses? END
START how often do many jehovah's witnesses read other religions literature? END
START what religion gives their adherents a lot of leeway in regards to abiding by its doctrines? END
START how often does watch tower society put out publications nowadays? END
START in what publication was andrew holden's ethnographic study of jehovah's witnesses published? END
START who do jehovah witnesses believe is god's only direct creation? END
START what was jesus a ransom sacrifice to pay for? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe jesus died on rather than a traditional cross? END
START jesus is considered to be the only what between god and humanity? END
START what biblical passage outlines jesus' role as a mediator? END
START what christian religion believes jesus died on a cross? END
START what do catholics think god created? END
START who do catholics think archangel michael is? END
START which religion believes people are free of original sin? END
START who do catholics think abaddon is? END
START jehovah witnesses believe who will go to heaven? END
START where will god resurrected the "other sheep" after armageddon? END
START jehovah witnesses interrupted revelation 14:1-5 to limit heaven goers to exactly what number? END
START who is the final judge of whether jehovah witnesses get to survive armageddon? END
START what will people need to study for during christ's millennial reign? END
START how many jehovah witnesses exist today? END
START how many christians go to heaven according to catholics? END
START what do most protestant religions believe in regards to how many people get to go to heaven? END
START how many "other sheep" get to be resurrected by god after the armageddon according to jehovah's witnesses? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe of god's kingdom? END
START who rules with jesus christ in heaven according to jehovah witnesses? END
START what do the jehovah witnesses believe god will use the kingdom in heaven for? END
START what will the earth be transformed into? END
START when do jehovah witnesses believe the kingdom of heaven was established? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there in 1914? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses are there now? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses get to serve as jesus's reps on earth at any given time? END
START how many people will get to live in a paradise free of sickness and death according to jehovah's witnesses? END
START one of jehovah witnesses' central teachings is that the world entered into its last days at what year? END
START what do jehovah witnesses consider all other present day religions to be? END
START who do jehovah witnesses think is out to destroy them? END
START who needs to attack jehovah witnesses for god to begin the war of armageddon? END
START what will be the end result of god's kingdom? END
START in what year was the united nations formed? END
START where does everyone go who isn't destroyed along with satan and his demons? END
START in what year did the jehovah's witnesses religion get formed? END
START how many demons will satan be leading? END
START what happens to those who died during god's intervention? END
START on what date do jehovah witnesses believe jesus christ began his rule as a king in god's kingdom? END
START what happened to satan when jesus started his rule? END
START how do jehovah witnesses believe that jesus rules? END
START how is the greek word parousia translated when referring to christ? END
START when will jesus' presence end? END
START in what month of 1914 was satan tossed out of heaven? END
START what do most greek scholars think "presence" translates to in greek? END
START how do jehovah's witnesses think satan appears to people on earth since 1914? END
START when do jehovah's witnesses now think armageddon is going to strike? END
START where do jehovah witnesses meet for worship and study? END
START how are jehovah witnesses assigned to congregations? END
START what do jehovah witnesses refer to their weekly services as? END
START how often did jehovah witnesses congregations meet prior to 2009? END
START what are jehovah witnesses' gatherings opened and closed with? END
START how many witnesses are there at each kingdom hall? END
START how many "circuits" are there of kingdom halls? END
START what takes place during "family worship" typically? END
START how many regular meetings does each kingdom hall have during the jehovah's witnesses annual three-day "regional convention"? END
START prior to 2009 how many kingdom hall meeting were held during the weekends? END
START what are jehovah witnesses probably best known for by outsiders? END
START how many languages is the watch tower society literature published in? END
START what is the objective of jehovah witnesses' door to door ministry? END
START when are jehovah witnesses advised to discontinue bibles studies with students? END
START what are baptized members who fail to report a month of preaching termed as? END
START how many doors does the average jehovah's witnesses knock on each month? END
START what do most people do when a jehovah's witness knocks on their door? END
START what happens to a jehovah's witness that is determined to be "inactive"? END
START how many people are baptized as a jehovah's witness each year? END
START what is jehovah witnesses' view of divorce? END
START what is an acceptable grounds for divorce for a jehovah witness? END
START what do jehovah witnesses considered remarriage when the reason for divorce wasn't adultery? END
START jehovah witnesses will allow what in the event of extreme physical abuse or absolute endangerment of spirituality? END
START what is remarriage considered as by most modern protestant people? END
START if a person suffers extreme physical abuse by their spouse what do most protestant religions allow for? END
START in most christian religions willfully non-supporting one's family will result in what? END
START when is remarriage encouraged by jehovah's witnesses? END
START who administers formal discipline? END
START what is formed when a baptized member is accused of doing something serious enough for jehovah witnesses to take notice? END
START what is the strongest form of discipline the jehovah witnesses' judicial committee can render? END
START what are jehovah witnesses taught that avoiding social and spiritual interaction with disfellowshipped individuals does? END
START what do jehovah witnesses describe anyone who formally resign from the church as? END
START how is informal discipline meted out by jehovah's witnesses? END
START what happens if an unbaptized member, due to age, is accused of committing a serious sin? END
START who do members that disassociate from witnesses get to continue interacting with? END
START how long does marking last if someone has willfully violated a bible principle but didn't commit a serious sin? END
START why do jehovah witnesses believe the bible condemns mixing of religions? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe is true of their religion and their religion alone? END
START what are jehovah witnesses taught it's vital to remain? END
START what does jehovah witnesses define the "world" to mean? END
START what are jehovah witnesses taught association with worldly people presents to their faith? END
START what protestant religion is open to talking with outsiders? END
START what protestant religion encourage interacting with the broader world? END
START what protestant group is fine with the mixing of religions? END
START what protestant group thinks there can be many truths from god? END
START who is king of god's kingdom in heaven? END
START what do jehovah witnesses remain politically? END
START what are jehovah witnesses discouraged from doing? END
START why do jehovah witnesses forego religious holidays and birthdays or other celebrations? END
START what do jehovah witnesses feel all the traditional holidays reflect? END
START what protestant group encourages their members to celebrate easter? END
START what protestant religion encourages members to vote in elections? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that thinks it's fun to celebrate their kid's birthdays? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that thinks celebrating things other than jesus are ok? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that enjoys celebrating christmas with one another? END
START what industries do jehovah witnesses avoid working in? END
START what may a jehovah witnesses' refusal to serve in the natural military service result in, in some countries? END
START what do jehovah witnesses see themselves as, which transcends national boundaries and ethnic loyalties? END
START what profession is ronald lawson? END
START what does lawson suggest has contributed to the consistency of the sense of urgency in jehovah witnesses' apocalyptic message? END
START  who is one of the most prominent outside supporters of witnesses? END
START who suggested that jehovah's witnesses live socially healthy lives free of paranoia about others not of their religion? END
START what religion is sociologist ronald lawson? END
START what is one of the protestant religion which is fine with their members joining the military? END
START what are united methodists allowed to do? END
START what biblical passage informs jehovah witnesses' refusal of blood transfusions? END
START what is grounds for expulsion from jehovah witnesses, since 1961? END
START what do jehovah witnesses accept in lieu of blood transfusions? END
START what does jehovah witnesses' literature provide about non-blood medical procedures? END
START what is one of the protestant religions who don't see blood transfusions as a big deal? END
START when was the first non-blood alternative developed for blood transfusions? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses have died in the past decade due to their refusal of blood transfusions? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses have been expelled in the past decade for accepting a blood transfusion? END
START what are jehovah witnesses allowed to accept at their discretion?  END
START what pre-formatted durable power of attorney documents are provided by the watch tower society to prohibit? END
START what can jehovah's witnesses' members specify on the canned legal forms from the wts? END
START what cooperative arrangement did jehovah's witnesses establish? END
START the hospital liaison committees serve to bridge between hospitals, medical professionals and who? END
START what is one of the protestant religions who are fine with blood transfusions? END
START who decides what the limit is for allowable fractions of blood plasma fractions? END
START what is one of the career paths many jehovah's witnesses choose to take? END
START who do most witnesses get guidance from in regards to how much blood plasma fractions they are willing to accept? END
START what term do jehovah's witnesses use for members actively involved in preaching? END
START how many publishers did the jehovah's witnesses have as of august 2015? END
START how many congregations did the jehovah's witnesses have in 2015? END
START over how many hours had jehovah's witnesses spent preaching and in "bible study" activity in 2015? END
START what do jehovah's witnesses their worldwide growth rate to be? END
START how many preaching members of the witnesses are there in the united states? END
START how many children were involved in "bible studies" in 2015? END
START how fast was jehovah's witnesses growing in the mid-1990s per year? END
START how much time was spent in just preaching time since 2015? END
START how much time was spent in just "bible study" since 2015? END
START where do the officially published membership statistics come from? END
START only about half all jehovah's witnesses are actually considered what in the faith itself? END
START what did a 2008 us pew forum on religion & public life survey discover about jehovah's witnesses' retention rate? END
START only about what percentage of the people raised in the religion continue to identify themselves as jehovah's witnesses? END
START according to a 2008 us pew forum report how many protestants identify as still active in the faith they grew up in? END
START what percentage of people who join the jehovah's witnesses as an adult end up being considered as inactive? END
START what percentage of jehovah's witnesses end up getting disfellowshipped? END
START in what year did us pew forum issue their first religion & public life survey? END
START what is the profession of james a. beckford? END
START when did beckford study the jehovah's witnesses? END
START what did beckford classify the jehovah's witnesses organizational structure as being? END
START what is the conviction that jehovah's witness leaders dispense absolute truth? END
START what is the term for jehovah's witnesses' rejection of certain secular requirements and medical treatments? END
START who issued a positive report about jehovah's witnesses in 1975? END
START what is a profession that jehovah's witnesses aren't allowed to do? END
START when was the last time there was a doctrinal change for jehovah's witnesses? END
START in what year did james a. beckford graduate from college? END
START who claimed there was a low rate of turnover among jehovah's witnesses? END
START jehovah's witnesses in the united states ranked highest in people whose education extended no further than what? END
START compared to other religions, jehovah's witnesses have the highest frequency of doing what with the bible outside of religious services? END
START what religion ranks highest in frequency of religious attendance?  END
START statistically, what is a jehovah's witnesses likely not to care about at all? END
START what do few jehovah's witnesses earn? END
START the members of what religion have a lot of university degrees? END
START educational aspiration is a hallmark of what protestant religion? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that encourages people to be engaged in politics? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that is realistic about the time commitment of their members to their religion? END
START  what is one of the protestant religions open to the ideas of other people? END
START what has at times led to immense violence against jehovah's witnesses? END
START why have jehovah's witnesses sometimes been imprisoned? END
START of the 20,000 jehovah's witnesses in germany in 1933, how many were later imprisoned? END
START what were jehovah's witnesses identified by in nazi concentration camps? END
START what countries ban the religious activities of jehovah's witnesses? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there in canada at the start of world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there in the soviet union at the start of world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses died in the soviet union during world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses escaped germany during world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses are there thought to be in china today? END
START who were jehovah's witnesses accused of intentionally provoking in the 1930s and 1940s? END
START what authors have suggested rutherford invited and cultivated opposition for the purpose of publicity? END
START what did rutherford hope to convince members about the persecution from the outside world? END
START what did watch tower society literature tell jehovah's witnesses they should never seek? END
START what should a jehovah's witnesses prefer to paying fines? END
START in what decade did author william whalen die? END
START in what decade did author shawn francis peters die? END
START what religious leader of the 1930s and 1940s would never have been suspected of using his members arrests to garner more disaffected members? END
START in what decade did barbara grizzuti harrison escape the jehovah's witnesses? END
START in what decade  did alan rogerson get out of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START what did jehovah's witnesses persistent legal challenges result in, in the united states? END
START what is religious conduct protected from the interference of? END
START what right to abstain from do jehovah's witnesses exercise? END
START what do patients have the right to refuse? END
START where have cases in the jehovah's witnesses favor been heard outside of the u.s.? END
START what was one of the countries that the jehovah's witnesses lost a bunch of civil liberties lawsuits? END
START besides the us what other country has the jehovah's witnesses lost lawsuits about such things as the right to refuse medical treatment? END
START has the witnesses won more federal or state lawsuits? END
START was it in the us or canada that witnesses first gained the right to abstain from patriotic rituals? END
START was it in the us or canada that witnesses first gained the right to abstain from military service? END
START who establishes the doctrines of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START what do the jehovah's witnesses religion not tolerate any of? END
START what happens to members who disagree with the religion's teachings? END
START why should the counsel received from the governing body be trusted? END
START who do jehovah's witnesses believe introduced independent thinking? END
START what religion accommodates members who question its teachings? END
START what religion encourages its adherents to think critically? END
START what religion treats those who want to engage in independent thinking in a loving way? END
START what religion wouldn't think of expelling someone merely because they have questions about what the church teaches? END
START what do former jehovah's witnesses members heath and gary botting compare the culture of the religion to? END
START who describes the jehovah's witnesses' leadership as being totalitarian?  END
START how do the leaders of the jehovah's witnesses cultivate a system of unquestioning obedience? END
START what do critics of the jehovah's witnesses accuse the religion's leaders of exercising over members? END
START what did former governing body member raymond franz argue the methods employed by the religion were all elements of? END
START who was the first totalitarian in charge of a nation? END
START who was the first leader of the witnesses? END
START who was one of the people that argued the witnesses make people abrogate all responsibilities and rights over their personal lives? END
START who got out of the witnesses first, alan rogerson or raymond franz? END
START who between heather and gary botting first wanted out of the witnesses? END
START what profession did rodney stark grow up to become? END
START what statement does stark make about the leaders of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START how do jehovah's witnesses see themselves in regards to the power structure of the church? END
START another sociologist, andrew holden, feels anyone who joins a movement such as the jehovah's witnesses has made a what? END
START holden acknowledges that defectors are seldom allowed a what from the church? END
START who described the jehovah's witnesses as a relatively democratic organization? END
START who said that it was formal rules that kept people in line in the jehovah's witnesses? END
START who wrote that the majority of people joining the witnesses are making a pretty uninformed choice? END
START who wrote that people leaving religious groups like the witnesses are allowed a dignified exit? END
START which sociologist said that the witnesses are on the whole a democratic organization? END
START what is the new world translation the most accurate translation of? END
START what do many bible scholars assume the differences in the new world translation are the result of? END
START beduhn clarifies that the differences are actually due to what? END
START the nw often errs on the side of what type of translation? END
START what insertion into the new testament violates accuracy in favor of denominationally preferred expressions? END
START which bible doesn't insert jehovah too often as the word for god? END
START what is regarded as the least accurate translation of the bible in the world among the nine main ones? END
START what university did bible scholar jason beduhn get his degree from? END
START who was one of the new testament writers? END
START who do watch tower society publications claim god has used? END
START what does god use jehovah's witnesses for? END
START what has god provided to jehovah's witnesses? END
START what have various jehovah's witnesses' publications made predictions about? END
START what had some of the failed predictions of jehovah's witnesses been presented as? END
START what protestant religion has allowed that some of their predictions may not come to pass? END
START what is one of watch tower society's publications? END
START what is one of of the protestant religions doesn't claim to know what is coming next? END
START what is one of the religions that doesn't believe in an upcoming armageddon? END
START what accusations does the watch tower society reject? END
START what does george d. chryssides suggest the changing views and dates of the jehovah's witnesses can be attributed to changed understandings of? END
START what profession does andrew holden smugly self-identify as? END
START how long ago was the foundation of the jehovah's witnesses movement? END
START what have jehovah's witnesses maintained we are living on the precipice of since their formation? END
START what religion is george d. chryssides? END
START what is george d. chryssides occupation? END
START since what year has andrew holden been a sociologist? END
START in what year was the watch tower society founded? END
START who argues it is foolish to not believe that the witnesses set end dates of civilization just to get additional members? END
START what are jehovah's witnesses accused of concealing within their organization? END
START whose hands should elders leave allegations of sexual abuse in when the accused person denies wrongdoing? END
START who does barbara anderson feel the church's policy regarding sexual abuse protects? END
START what do jehovah's witnesses maintain they want to protect? END
START jehovah's witnesses do not sponsor activities when the result is the separation of whom? END
START what religion is one of the best at protecting children from molestation? END
START who came up with the "two witness rule" within the jehovah's witnesses organization? END
START what bible scriptures contradict the jehovah's witnesses views on sexual abuse? END
START how does deuteronomy 19:15 describe the best way to prevent pedophilia? END
START what does matthew 18:15-17 have to say about sexual abuse? END
START what has the jehovah's witnesses failure to report to authorities been criticized?  END
START of the 1006 alleged perpetrators of child sexual abuse identified by jehovah's witnesses within their organization since 1950, how many were reported to secular authorities? END
START why are the jehovah's witnesses reluctant to alert authorities to abuse? END
START what have courts in both the uk and the us found the watch tower society to have been for failing to protect children from sexual predators within the congregation? END
START how much has the society reportedly paid to settle lawsuits without admitting any wrongdoing? END
START how many child sexual abuse cases have been reported to authorities in the us by the watch tower society since 1950? END
START how much has the watch tower society paid to victims of child sexual abuse in australia since 1950? END
START in what year did william bowen leave the jehovah's witnesses? END
START how many alleged sexual abuse cases have there been in the united states since 1950 involving members of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START how much does the watch tower society pay to lawyers each year to represent them against child sexual abuse cases? END
START what was eisenhower's nickname? END
START what was the middle name of dwight eisenhower? END
START in what year did eisenhower's presidency begin? END
START during the second world war, what was the highest position (not rank) eisenhower achieved? END
START what was the name of the north african invasion eisenhower oversaw? END
START along with reducing the federal deficit, what was eisenhower's main policy priority as president? END
START what did eisenhower threaten to use to end the korean war? END
START along with guatemala, what country's government did eisenhower order overthrown? END
START what country did eisenhower neglect to assist in their military action in vietnam? END
START in what year was the formosa resolution passed? END
START in what year did the soviets launch humanity's first artificial satellite? END
START what organization did eisenhower support after the soviets launched the first artificial satellite? END
START along with israel, what countries' armies invaded egypt in 1956? END
START where did eisenhower send 15,000 military personnel in 1958? END
START on what date did eisenhower deliver his presidential farewell address? END
START why political movement was named for joseph mccarthy? END
START what political theory did eisenhower use to oppose mccarthy? END
START who served as eisenhower's vice president? END
START what sort of conservative was eisenhower? END
START what does darpa stand for? END
START what book did eisenhower's parents read every day? END
START what mennonite sect did eisenhower's mother initially belong to? END
START what is another name for the international bible students association? END
START what university did eisenhower attend? END
START what church did eisenhower join in 1953? END
START in what year did eisenhower graduate from high school? END
START what high school did eisenhower go to? END
START what was the name of eisenhower's brother? END
START in what year of high school did eisenhower suffer a groin infection? END
START what high school year did eisenhower have to repeat? END
START where did eisenhower work during his brother's first year of college? END
START what was eisenhower's job title during the first year his brother went to college? END
START who was eisenhower's senator? END
START why couldn't eisenhower attend annapolis? END
START in what year did eisenhower matriculate to west point? END
START what was doud eisenhower's nickname? END
START what killed icky eisenhower? END
START in what city was john eisenhower born? END
START what was john eisenhower's final rank in the military? END
START david eisenhower married the child of what us president? END
START what sport did eisenhower notably enjoy? END
START what color were eisenhower's winter golf balls? END
START who was the chairman of augusta national and friend to eisenhower? END
START what was clifford roberts by profession? END
START when did eisenhower join augusta national? END
START what was eisenhower's favorite hobby other than golfing? END
START who notably painted a picture of mamie eisenhower? END
START what was the main type of oil painting painted by eisenhower? END
START what car did eisenhower compare modern art to? END
START who called eisenhower's art "simple and earnest"? END
START what was eisenhower's favorite film? END
START who was eisenhower's favorite author? END
START what genre did zane grey write in? END
START where did eisenhower learn to play poker? END
START at west point, what game did eisenhower play six nights a week for five months? END
START what military installation was eisenhower assigned to when the united states entered the first world war? END
START what unit did eisenhower serve with at camp meade? END
START to what rank was eisenhower brevetted after being transferred to the tank corps? END
START what famous military event occurred at the site of camp colt? END
START in what state was camp meade located? END
START how long before eisenhower was to be transferred to france did world war i end? END
START what decoration did eisenhower receive as a result of his first world war service? END
START what notable second world war commander disparaged eisenhower for his lack of combat experience? END
START what was eisenhower's camp meade unit equipped with? END
START when did eisenhower leave camp meade? END
START along with patton, who was a notable interwar tank leader? END
START what was the traditional doctrine on the use of tanks? END
START what happened when eisenhower was threatened with a court martial for his support for offensive tank tactics? END
START what role did eisenhower serve under fox conner? END
START where did eisenhower serve under conner? END
START what notable military treatise was authored by von clausewitz? END
START during what period did eisenhower attend the command and general staff college? END
START how many people were in eisenhower's class at the command and general staff college? END
START who was the head of the american battle monuments commission during this period? END
START during the 1920s, for what federal department did milton eisenhower work? END
START in what year did eisenhower graduate from the army war college? END
START what was the office held by george mosely? END
START what was eisenhower's rank in 1933? END
START what event made war planning difficult in this period? END
START what position was held by general macarthur at this point in time? END
START what encampment was attacked in 1932 by soldiers including eisenhower? END
START what sort of people did the bonus march consist of? END
START what rank was eisenhower promoted to in 1936? END
START what license did eisenhower receive in 1939? END
START who was president of the philippines circa 1939? END
START what is the current name of the capital city that was under construction in the philippines in 1939? END
START how did eisenhower respond to the offer to become a philippine police chief? END
START what unit did eisenhower serve with upon his return to the united states? END
START at what military installation was the 15th infantry based? END
START in the spring of 1941, who commanded ix corps? END
START in what city was the 3rd army based in june of 1941? END
START what event contributed to eisenhower receiving a promotion to brigadier general? END
START to what body was eisenhower assigned after pearl harbor was attacked? END
START who headed the wpd before eisenhower? END
START what body replaced the war plans division? END
START what was eisenhower's title in the operations division? END
START who was the chief of staff who promoted eisenhower? END
START as of may 1942, who commanded the army air forces? END
START to what city did eisenhower travel to may 1942? END
START who commanded the english theater in may 1942? END
START what appointment did eisenhower receive on june 23, 1942? END
START to what rank was eisenhower promoted on july 7, 1942? END
START what appointment did eisenhower receive in november of 1942? END
START what was the code name of the north african campaign? END
START at what location was the north african campaign planned? END
START how many years before eisenhower's command had a non-briton commanded gibraltar? END
START what geographic area was the primary objective of eisenhower? END
START who initially served as high commissioner of north africa? END
START who killed franois darlan? END
START who served as high commissioner of north africa after darlan's death? END
START on what day did darlan die? END
START what was rommel's rank? END
START who commanded ii corps before being removed by eisenhower? END
START who commanded the uk's eighth army? END
START when did eisenhower receive authority over the british eighth army? END
START what did eisenhower command after he commanded etousa? END
START what did the allies invade after they conquered north africa? END
START what was the invasion of mainland italy called? END
START what was the initial ratio of axis to allied divisions in italy? END
START how many divisions did the germans add to italy? END
START until he was deposed, who was the leader of italy? END
START other than eisenhower, who was considered for the appointment of supreme allied commander in europe? END
START what did shaef stand for? END
START who appointed eisenhower as supreme allied commander in europe? END
START what was the allied invasion of normandy called? END
START when did operation overlord take place? END
START who refused to provide eisenhower with landing craft? END
START what concern did churchill have in regard to eisenhower's pre-invasion bombing plan? END
START what did patton do that first caused eisenhower to reprimand him? END
START what were the french resistance to be used for in advance of the invasion of france? END
START who was the leader of french forces in this period? END
START when did the normandy invasion occur? END
START how long after the normandy invasion did the landings in southern france occur? END
START when did the war in europe end? END
START how many divisions involved in the allied invasion of europe did eisenhower visit? END
START after what possible event would the speech called one of the greatest in history have been delivered? END
START what unit did montgomery command? END
START what general commanded the 12th us army group? END
START who was the sixth us army group's commander? END
START what geographic portion of the front did the sixth us army group operate on? END
START what supply port was opened late in 1944? END
START what european rank was equivalent to that of general of the army? END
START on what date did eisenhower receive his general of the army appointment? END
START along with montgomery, with whom did eisenhower disagree on strategy? END
START what soviet military leader was a counterpart of eisenhower? END
START what rank was held by de gaulle? END
START when did the battle of the bulge begin? END
START what german city did the british wish to conquer? END
START along with roosevelt and churchill, what political leader decided upon the division of germany? END
START what nation's military conquered berlin? END
START what date saw the surrender of nazi germany? END
START what was eisenhower's title after germany's surrender? END
START in what structure was eisenhower's headquarters in the us occupation zone? END
START in what city was the headquarters of the us occupation zone located? END
START aside from the us, what other countries had occupation zones in germany? END
START what agreement was not applicable to disarmed enemy forces? END
START who was chief of staff of the army before eisenhower? END
START about how many soldiers demobilized after the war ended? END
START what president ignored eisenhower's recommendations in regard to atomic weapons? END
START what was eisenhower's position on the use of nuclear weapons against japan? END
START what city did eisenhower notably visit in 1945? END
START when was it suggested to eisenhower that he might one day become president? END
START along with dogcatcher, what political job did eisenhower specifically not want to be considered for? END
START what role did eisenhower believe he could not fulfill if he was believed to want to become involved in politics? END
START what general was considered a potential republican presidential candidate in 1948? END
START at what meeting did truman tell eisenhower that he would assist him in running for president? END
START what state's delegates were considering supporting eisenhower in 1948? END
START how old would eisenhower be in 1956? END
START why was it unlikely that eisenhower would run for president in 1956? END
START who was it assumed would win the election of 1948? END
START what position did eisenhower occupy in 1948? END
START where is columbia university located? END
START what was the title of eisenhower's memoir? END
START what group of schools did columbia university belong to? END
START what body ruled the eisenhower was not a professional writer? END
START while eisenhower was president of columbia, what group did he also work with? END
START what was blanche wiesen cook in relation to eisenhower? END
START along with business and government, what leaders did eisenhower see meeting at the council on foreign relations? END
START what sort of analysis did eisenhower first experience with the council on foreign relations? END
START what position was held by james forrestal? END
START what position did eisenhower informally hold? END
START after becoming sick, where did eisenhower recover? END
START what was the name of columbia university's alumni association? END
START when did eisenhower vacation for two months outside new york? END
START aside from his university work, where did eisenhower gain useful contacts? END
START what continental oil leader was eisenhower tied to? END
START what was the political orientation of columbia's teachers? END
START what state was frank abrams' oil company located in? END
START from where did h.j. porter hale? END
START when was eisenhower's resignation of columbia turned down? END
START what role did eisenhower fill after leaving columbia? END
START on what date did eisenhower leave active duty in the military? END
START what job did eisenhower hold after his second tenure as president of columbia? END
START when did eisenhower become president of the united states? END
START who was president of the united states prior to eisenhower? END
START truman wanted eisenhower to run for the presidency as a member of what party? END
START who did the republicans want to block with an eisenhower candidacy in 1952? END
START what was taft's political office? END
START who was eisenhower's campaign manager in 1952? END
START in what part of the country, previously neglected by republican presidential candidates, did eisenhower campaign? END
START along with korea and communism, what issue did eisenhower attack truman on? END
START what was the strategy called that was used by eisenhower's campaign? END
START how did eisenhower claim eastern europe should be liberated? END
START what was the home state of joseph mccarthy? END
START where did eisenhower claim he would end the war? END
START during the campaign, from where was it claimed nixon had received money improperly? END
START what topic did eisenhower not discuss during the campaign? END
START how old was truman in 1948? END
START in what century was eisenhower born? END
START who was the oldest man to become president prior to eisenhower? END
START how many times had eisenhower been elected to office prior to becoming president? END
START what did eisenhower have in common with presidents taylor, grant, taft and hoover? END
START what woman was a member of eisenhower's cabinet? END
START who was eisenhower's budget director? END
START along with lucius clay, who advised eisenhower on cabinet appointments? END
START along with george humphrey, what cabinet official did eisenhower have a close relationship with? END
START what quip was used to describe eisenhower's cabinet? END
START what war did eisenhower want to end as president? END
START what type of cabinet meeting did eisenhower hold for the first time ever? END
START policy in regard to what country was discussed at eisenhower's first cabinet meeting? END
START what type of policy was the focus of eisenhower's inaugural address? END
START how did eisenhower describe his political views? END
START what new deal program did eisenhower particularly support? END
START what cabinet agency did eisenhower make social security a part of? END
START how many people were added to the social security rolls by eisenhower? END
START what policy in regard to the military did eisenhower see to completion? END
START what wing of the gop was eisenhower opposed to? END
START in what year were the first federal elections after eisenhower became president? END
START prior to the 1954 elections, who had majorities in congress? END
START what type of republican did eisenhower characterize himself as? END
START upon election, how many terms did eisenhower believe he would serve? END
START in what year did eisenhower have a heart attack? END
START when did eisenhower make an announcement stating that he would run for a second term? END
START who did eisenhower want as his 1956 running mate? END
START who did eisenhower defeat in the 1956 presidential election? END
START what event led eisenhower to want to improve highways in the us? END
START what german transportation project influenced eisenhower on highways? END
START when did eisenhower sign the law to create the interstate highway system? END
START along with military benefits, what did eisenhower see as the benefit of the highway project? END
START why did congress hold up the highway bill? END
START what agreements did the gop old guard want eisenhower to abandon? END
START why did the old guard say eisenhower should void the yalta agreements? END
START what world leader died in march of 1953? END
START what speech did eisenhower give after stalin died? END
START who called the chance for peace speech the best one eisenhower gave as president? END
START what did eisenhower reduce as he increased nuclear weapons stockpiles? END
START what was the policy of increasing nuclear weapons while decreasing conventional forces called? END
START when did eisenhower begin to cut the defense budget? END
START along with nsc 162/2, what influenced the development of the new look policy? END
START why did nuclear arms negotiations with russia fail prior to 1955? END
START in what city did the us and russia conduct nuclear talks in 1955? END
START who refused to permit nuclear weapons inspections in the wake of the 1955 talks? END
START in may of 1955, a treaty was signed giving independence to what country? END
START what was the plan eisenhower presented at the geneva conference called? END
START what country did eisenhower believe communists would conquer if they took over guatemala? END
START the domino theory was applied to central america and what other region? END
START in what year was eisenhower's edc rejected? END
START what country was made a full partner in nato as the result of the failure of edc? END
START according to eisenhower, all of southeast asia would become communist if the communist insurgency won in what country? END
START who was the director of the cia? END
START what was the code name of the overthrow of the iranian government? END
START what cia operation toppled the guatemalan government? END
START what company made the u-2? END
START under what president did the bay of pigs invasion take place? END
START what make and model aircraft was air force flight 8610? END
START what aircraft had an incident with air force flight 8610? END
START what call sign does an air force aircraft have when a president is traveling on it? END
START what was the name of the lockheed c-121 constellation that carried eisenhower? END
START in what year was eisenhower involved in an incident while flying? END
START what caused eisenhower to kickstart the us space program? END
START along with the u-2 flyovers, what did eisenhower try to legitimize with the open skies policy? END
START what was the legal status of the u-2 flyovers? END
START what was the name of the civilian space agency created by eisenhower? END
START with whom did eisenhower try to improve relations? END
START where did the chinese begin to increase forces after eisenhower entered the white house? END
START what did eisenhower threaten to do if there was no armistice in korea? END
START along with the joint chiefs and sac, what body was involved with formulating plans for nuclear war with china? END
START what event led to decreased russian support for china? END
START what was sac an abbreviation of? END
START the boundary line of what year formed the 1953 armistice line? END
START in what month in 1953 did the armistice come into being? END
START who was the president of south korea at the time of the armistice? END
START what american official notably opposed the armistice? END
START who described the armistice as eisenhower's greatest presidential accomplishment? END
START along with the british and israelis, what forces invaded egypt in 1956? END
START what was the combined israeli-british-french invasion in response to? END
START who was the leader of egypt at the time of the suez crisis? END
START who invaded hungary in 1956? END
START what year saw the publication of eisenhower's memoirs? END
START what war was being fought by france in 1953? END
START what was john w. o'daniel's nickname? END
START who convinced eisenhower not to intervene in vietnam? END
START who was providing supplies to the vietnamese communists fighting against france? END
START how large of a military deployment did ridgway say would be necessary in vietnam? END
START aside from bombers, what aid did eisenhower provide to the french? END
START what did american bombers drop on vietnam? END
START when did dien bien phu fall to the communists? END
START along with the vice president and ncs head, who urged eisenhower to intervene after the fall of dien bien phu? END
START what arguably impossible conditions did eisenhower set for further intervention on behalf of the french? END
START what is seato? END
START along with the united states, the united kingdom and france, who formed seato? END
START what was the purpose of seato? END
START what group did france split vietnam with? END
START who met in peace talks with france at geneva? END
START what was south vietnam called in 1955? END
START who was the first ambassador to south vietnam? END
START who was the leader of south vietnam in 1954? END
START when did eisenhower first send military advisers to south vietnam? END
START along with free vietnam, what was another term for south vietnam? END
START how many soldiers did eisenhower ultimately send to vietnam? END
START how many days did the president of south vietnam visit the us for in 1957? END
START where was a parade held for the president of south vietnam? END
START who was secretary of state in 1957? END
START according to dulles, why was diem made president of vietnam? END
START when was a u-2 downed over the soviet union? END
START what was the downed u-2 gathering intelligence in advance of? END
START where was the east-west summit to have taken place? END
START what was the rank of the pilot of the downed u-2? END
START what did the eisenhower administration refer to the downed u-2 as? END
START where did the eisenhower administration say that the downed u-2 was intended to be flying? END
START according to the cover story, what did the "weather research" pilot have trouble with? END
START what happened to powers in the soviet union? END
START what did khrushchev refer to the u-2 as? END
START along with eisenhower, macmillan and de gaulle, what leader attended the four powers paris summit? END
START what did khrushchev demand that eisenhower do? END
START along with reducing nuclear weapons, what was to have been the topic of conversation at the four power paris summit? END
START what did eisenhower blame for ruining the summit? END
START in what year was the four power paris summit intended to take place? END
START which president initially began to desegregate the us military? END
START when did the desegregation of the united states armed forces begin? END
START when did eisenhower deliver his first state of the union? END
START what control did eisenhower use to push through desegregation? END
START in what geographical area did eisenhower promise to end desegregation in his state of the union address? END
START who did eisenhower tell dc officials to integrate? END
START what was the first civil rights act proposed to congress by eisenhower? END
START in what year did eisenhower propose his second civil rights act? END
START what sort of commission did the civil rights act of 1957 establish? END
START under the civil rights act of 1957, what federal department contained a civil rights office? END
START what state refused to integrate its schools in 1957? END
START what military unit was sent from outside of arkansas to oversee desegregation? END
START what arkansas militia unit did eisenhower federalize in 1957? END
START who was the governor of arkansas in 1957? END
START how many black students were escorted by the 101st airborne to little rock central high school? END
START in what year did joseph mccarthy declare that the federal government was employing communists? END
START what did eisenhower do when he was encouraged to respond to mccarthy's accusations? END
START why did eisenhower ignore mccarthy? END
START what organization did eisenhower want to keep from being one of mccarthy's targets? END
START what was the aec working on at this time? END
START what aec scientists counseled delaying the development of the hydrogen bomb? END
START what did eisenhower do to oppenheimer after he said that the hydrogen bomb should be delayed? END
START what did mccarthy threaten to do in may of 1955? END
START what tradition was fostered by eisenhower's reaction to mccarthy's subpoena threats? END
START eisenhower denied mccarthy access to the personnel of what branch of the federal government? END
START who won a senate majority in 1954? END
START after the 1954 election, who was the speaker of the house? END
START who was made senate majority leader after the 1954 election? END
START what state were johnson and rayburn from? END
START who was speaker of the house between 1953 and 1955? END
START what did martin think eisenhower did too much of in his relations with congress? END
START as a result of eisenhower's actions toward congress, what did martin think congress often gave him? END
START who did martin think eisenhower should have made better use of? END
START what were harlan and stewart's party affiliations? END
START what party did brennan belong to? END
START who did eisenhower nominate for chief justice? END
START what sort of decisions did warren favor on the supreme court? END
START along with liberals, who was eisenhower trying to appeal to with the warren pick? END
START where did eisenhower pick up the habit of smoking? END
START how many cigarettes did eisenhower smoke daily at west point? END
START when did eisenhower stop smoking completely? END
START who was eisenhower's employer when he gave up smoking? END
START who was the cardiologist who treated eisenhower after his heart attack? END
START what caused eisenhower's stroke of 1957? END
START where was eisenhower when he suffered a stroke in 1957? END
START what couldn't eisenhower move as a result of his stroke? END
START what is crohn's disease? END
START why did eisenhower need surgery on june 9, 1956? END
START what august 1965 event caused eisenhower to drop out of public life? END
START for what ailment did eisenhower receive surgery in 1966? END
START what did eisenhower have removed via surgery on december 12, 1966? END
START in what year did eisenhower die? END
START how many heart attacks did eisenhower have between 1955 and 1969? END
START who did eisenhower endorse for president in 1960? END
START who was the democratic candidate for president in 1960? END
START how old was eisenhower in 1960? END
START who was the youngest person elected to the united states presidency? END
START who won the us presidential election of 1960? END
START on what date did eisenhower deliver his farewell speech? END
START in his farewell speech, what complex did eisenhower warn the american people of? END
START what war did eisenhower talk about in his address to the nation? END
START from where did eisenhower deliver his farewell speech? END
START what term did eisenhower use to describe the character of communism? END
START what town did eisenhower retire to after his presidency? END
START what pennsylvania county did eisenhower grow up in? END
START who did eisenhower donate his farm to in 1967? END
START who was the republican presidential candidate in 1964? END
START what did barry goldwater call eisenhower? END
START how old was eisenhower when he died? END
START at what facility did eisenhower die? END
START what was eisenhower's cause of death? END
START what was eisenhower's date of death? END
START what christian denomination did eisenhower belong to? END
START when did eisenhower's funeral train arrive in abilene, kansas? END
START at what location was eisenhower buried? END
START what was the cost of eisenhower's casket? END
START what color jacket was eisenhower buried in? END
START when did mamie eisenhower die? END
START in popular memory, what sport was eisenhower known for playing? END
START what did critics feel that eisenhower should have opposed in public? END
START where was central high school located? END
START how did critics characterize kennedy in comparison to eisenhower? END
START what nation was considered the leader in the nuclear arms race? END
START from where did eisenhower get the idea of a white house chief of staff? END
START who was the last president not to appoint a chief of staff? END
START along with ford, what president initially didn't appoint a chief of staff but later did? END
START what 19th century informal political office did the modern role of white house chief of staff correspond to? END
START how many appreciation medals were minted? END
START in what city were the appreciation medals minted? END
START during what period were the appreciation medals minted? END
START what were eisenhower's initials? END
START how many appreciation medals were destroyed by the bureau of the mint? END
START what is the formal name of the interstate highway system? END
START along with germany and switzerland, what country contained an autobahn during the second world war? END
START when were "eisenhower interstate system" signs first posted along highways? END
START what is another name for eisenhower expressway? END
START what major city is interstate 290 close to? END
START at what augusta hole was the eisenhower pine located? END
START how many meters away from the masters tee on augusta's 17th was the eisenhower pine? END
START what did eisenhower want to be done to the eisenhower pine? END
START what damaged the eisenhower pine in february 2014? END
START in what year did eisenhower propose that the pine tree named after him be removed? END
START how many boroughs are in nyc? END
START where is the bronx positioned among nyc boroughs? END
START what is the bronx's population? END
START how large is the bronx? END
START what is unique about the bronx's location? END
START who is the bronx named for? END
START what did bronck do? END
START when did bronck settle in the new york area? END
START what native tribe lived in the new york area? END
START what types of music the bronx famous for? END
START how poor is part of the bronx? END
START what neighborhoods of the bronx are more affluent? END
START when did the south bronx lose quality of life? END
START what crime problem happened in the bronx in the 70s? END
START when was jonas bronck born? END
START where did bronck emigrate from? END
START when did bronck reach the new york area? END
START what entity did bronck get his land from? END
START how much land did bronck eventually own? END
START what is the bronx's county name? END
START what is the bronx's borough name? END
START when was the bronx created? END
START what county was the bronx split off from? END
START when was the bronx added to? END
START when did farmers build a bridge over the harlem river? END
START why did farmers build a bridge over the harlem river? END
START what strategic advantage did the bronx's location have? END
START when was kingsbridge built? END
START who owned kingsbridge? END
START how many counties did new york originally have? END
START parts of which towns became part of the bronx? END
START when was west farms created? END
START when was morrisania created? END
START when was the town of kingsbridge created? END
START when did new york city annex kingsbridge? END
START when did new york city annex west farms? END
START when did new york city annex morrisania? END
START when did new york city annex part of pelham? END
START when did new york city annex part of eastchester? END
START when was the bronx's boom period? END
START what was the bronx's population in 1900? END
START what was the bronx's population in 1929? END
START when did the bronx's income declined? END
START when did the bronx's economy regrow? END
START how many jews lived in the bronx in 1937? END
START how many jews lived in the bronx in 2011? END
START what led to the bronx's population growth? END
START what immigrant groups were the most prevalent in the bronx? END
START how much of the bronx was jewish in 1937? END
START what is redlining? END
START what might have encouraged landlords to abandon or destroy buildings? END
START what example city service was cut back on in the bronx? END
START what crime was common in the bronx in the 1970s? END
START why did some landlords burn their own buildings? END
START where were poverty and unemployment the worst in the bronx? END
START what city plan helped redevelop the bronx? END
START how many units are in the nehemiah homes? END
START who built the nehemiah homes? END
START who led the melrose commons project? END
START how many bank branches were in the bronx by 2007? END
START what award did the bronx receive in 1997? END
START who gave the bronx an award in 1997? END
START how were window decals used in the bronx in the 1980s? END
START how many housing units were built in the bronx in 2002-2007? END
START how much was invested in housing in the bronx in 2002-2007? END
START what was the largest armory in the world? END
START what is kingsbridge armory being turned into? END
START where is a la quinta being built in the bronx? END
START how much development space would a concourse yard platform provide? END
START how much would a concourse yard platform cost? END
START what's on the other side of the hudson from the bronx? END
START what county is tenafly in? END
START what state is alpine in? END
START what's on the other side of the harlem river from the bronx? END
START what's on the other side of the east river from the bronx? END
START where is the bronx's highest point? END
START what part of the bronx formerly a salt marsh? END
START what are the bronx's four low peninsulas? END
START what is rodman's neck between? END
START how long is the bronx's shoreline? END
START when did nyc buy land for its parks? END
START how many types of trees are in crotona park? END
START how large is crotona park's lake? END
START when was the jerome park reservoir built? END
START what do the ny botanical gardens preserve? END
START what is screvin's neck also called? END
START in what river does the bronx have 4 peninsulas? END
START what is nyc's largest park? END
START where is pelham bay park? END
START what parts of the bronx have more hills? END
START what parts of west bronx are more affluent? END
START what is nyc's 4th-largest park? END
START where is van cortlandt park? END
START what is the grand concourse? END
START why has the supposed size of the 'south bronx' grown? END
START when was fordham road being used as the limit of the south bronx area? END
START which river is the eastern edge of the south bronx? END
START which stadium is in the south bronx? END
START which direction does the cross bronx expressway run through the south bronx? END
START what in the bronx has been compared to broadway? END
START what is the main retail area of the south bronx? END
START which streets demarcate the hub bid? END
START what is the hub's nickname? END
START what shape is the hub? END
START how much land was the gateway center at bronx terminal market built on? END
START how much did the gateway center at bronx terminal market cost? END
START how many floors does the gateway center at bronx terminal market's parking garage have? END
START how many cars can the gateway center at bronx terminal market's parking garage hold? END
START what part of manhattan are the west bronx's streets similar to? END
START what is the lowest street number seen in the bronx? END
START what was the bronx called in the mid-19th century? END
START when was the bronx added to nyc? END
START how much of the bronx's population is hispanic? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic black? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic white? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic asian? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic multiracial? END
START how much of the bronx speaks spanish at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks english at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks african languages at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks french at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks chinese at home? END
START how much of the bronx is white (including hispanic) as of 2009? END
START how much of the bronx was non-hispanic white as of 1980? END
START how much of the bronx was non-hispanic white as of 2009? END
START how many white people live in the bronx? END
START how many non-hispanic white people live in the bronx? END
START how much of the bronx's population is black (including hispanic)? END
START how much of the bronx's population is black (not including hispanic)? END
START how many bronx residents called themselves "sub-saharan african" in 2009? END
START what percent of bronx residents called themselves "sub-saharan african" in 2009? END
START how many people in the bronx are black (not including hispanic)? END
START what percent of the bronx is hispanic and latino americans? END
START what percent of the bronx is puerto rican? END
START what percent of the bronx is mexican? END
START what percent of the bronx is cuban? END
START what percent of the bronx is asian? END
START how many multiracial people live in the bronx? END
START what percent of the bronx is multiracial? END
START what percent of the bronx has mixed caucasian and african american heritage? END
START what percent of the bronx has mixed caucasian and native american heritage? END
START what percent of the bronx has mixed caucasian and asian heritage? END
START when was the 'one man, one vote' decision? END
START which amendment contains the equal protection clause? END
START when were borough presidents created? END
START when was the board of estimate found unconstitutional? END
START why was the board of estimate found unconstitutional? END
START when did carrion jr. retire as borough president? END
START when was carrion jr. first elected borough president? END
START when was carrion jr. re-elected borough president? END
START who succeeded carrion jr.? END
START when was diaz jr. elected? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did clinton get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did obama get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did mccain get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did romney get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did huckabee get? END
START who did the bronx support for president in 1928? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1916 did hughes get? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1916 did wilson get? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1916 did benson get? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1948 did truman get? END
START who was the only republican mayor candidate to win the bronx since 1914? END
START who did the bronx vote against for mayor in 1997? END
START who did the bronx vote against for mayor in 2005? END
START what party was hillquit? END
START how much of the bronx vote did hillquit get in 1917? END
START how many students attended the bronx public noncharter schools as of 2000? END
START how many students attended the bronx public and private schools as of 2000? END
START which religious organizations run private schools in the bronx? END
START which entity runs the bronx's public noncharter schools? END
START what percent of the bronx population has a high school diploma, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the bronx population has a university degree, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the brooklyn population has a high school diploma, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the staten island population has a high school diploma, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the manhattan population has a university degree, as of 2000? END
START which of nyc's prestigious nonreligious private schools are in the bronx? END
START where is the high school for violin and dance? END
START where is the validus prepatory academy? END
START where is the school for excellence? END
START where is the dewitt clinton high school? END
START when did nyc begin splitting up the large bronx high schools? END
START which bronx schools have been closed or made smaller? END
START what type of schools is nyc now working on shrinking? END
START when did a pbs documentary air about the bronx's music history? END
START what pbs documentary covered the bronx's music history? END
START where did dj kool herc hold parties? END
START who produced 'from mambo to hip hop'? END
START where is 1520 sedgwick? END
START who were the herculoids? END
START what is 'the boogie down'? END
START where is big pun from? END
START what types of music did hip hop emerge from? END
START who started bdp? END
START when did the first yankee stadium open? END
START where was the first yankee stadium? END
START how many times have the yankees won the world series? END
START which historic great players have played at yankee stadium? END
START what league are the ny yankees in? END
START where are many of the bronx's playwrights from? END
START how many seats does the pregones' new theater have? END
START what does the pregones specialize in? END
START when did the pregones' new theater open? END
START where is the pregones' new theater? END
START when did the bronx museum of the arts open? END
START what types of art does the bronx museum of the arts focus on? END
START how large are the bronx museum of the arts' galleries? END
START how many works are in the bronx museum of the arts' permanent collection? END
START who designed the bronx museum of the arts' 2006 expansion? END
START when was the lorelei fountain written about? END
START where was heinrich heine born? END
START when was heine born? END
START when did heine die? END
START what ethnicity is carl schurz? END
START when did herter die? END
START when was herter born? END
START what was herter's career? END
START where was herter's heine memorial placed in 1899? END
START where was herter's heine memorial moved in 1999? END
START who designed the city island historical society and nautical museum's building? END
START what was the city island historical society and nautical museum's building originally? END
START where is the ny maritime college? END
START what is 'scullers' row'? END
START which river is near the new york botanical gardens? END
START what does the inner city press now focus on? END
START who is the riverdale press's editor? END
START when did stein win a pulitzer? END
START why did stein win a pulitzer? END
START where did stein graduate from? END
START where is the official city tv station broadcast from? END
START what channel in the bronx does cablevision run? END
START what is the bronx's only 4-year cuny college? END
START when was 'from this day forward' released? END
START where was 'from this day forward' set? END
START when was 'the catered affair' released? END
START what did 'the catered affair' explore? END
START what was 'summer of sam' about? END
START where was arson a big problem in the bronx? END
START when was the phrase "the bronx is burning" first widespread? END
START who made a documentary called "the bronx is burning"? END
START who published an editorial called "the bronx is burning"? END
START who made a film called 'bronx burning'? END
START when was 'the wanderers' published? END
START when was 'the wanderers' movie released? END
START when was 'the warriors' movie released? END
START when was 'a bronx tale' released? END
START when was 'fort apache' released? END
START when was 'fuga dal bronx' released? END
START what origin was 'escape 2000'? END
START when was 'true love' released? END
START what genre was 'true love'? END
START who starred in 'true love'? END
START when did "awakenings" come out? END
START whose real story is 'awakenings' based on? END
START what is sacks' career? END
START when was 'a kind of alaska' performed? END
START who wrote 'a kind of alaska'? END
START when was 'city boy: the adventures of herbie bookbinder' published? END
START how much of 'city boy: the adventures of herbie bookbinder' is set in the bronx? END
START who wrote 'city boy: the adventures of herbie bookbinder'? END
START when was 'the grand concourse' published? END
START who wrote 'the grand concourse'? END
START who wrote 'bonfire of the vanities'? END
START when was 'bonfire of the vanities' published? END
START who was the main character of 'bonfire of the vanities'? END
START what race was sherman mccoy? END
START where did mccoy get lost? END
START what action in 2007 by national governments prevented the collapse of large financial institutions? END
START how much estimated consumer wealth was lost as a result of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what is the date the active phase of the financial crisis began as a liquidity crisis? END
START what year did the global recession that followed the financial crisis of 2007 end? END
START what was the name of the company that terminated withdrawals from three hedge funds in 2007 citing a liquidity crisis? END
START what year did the u.s. housing bubble peak? END
START what year did congress pass the american recover and reinvestment act? END
START overvaluation of bundled subprime mortgages was based on the theory that housing prices would continue to do this? END
START one of the causes of the financial crisis was easier access to loans by this type borrower? END
START in 2007, banks and insurance companies did not have adequate holdings of which type to back their financial commitments? END
START what is the name of the u.s. senate report giving their conclusions for the cause of the crisis? END
START which act was repealed in 1999 effectively removing the separation between investment and deposit banks? END
START what is the name of the commission who concluded the financial crisis was avoidable? END
START what agency failed to accurately price risk involved in mortgage-related financial products? END
START what practices should have been adjusted by governments to address 21st-century financial markets? END
START what are mbs as related to the housing and credit booms? END
START what are cdo as related to the housing and credit booms? END
START when housing prices declined, who reported significant losses from being heavily invested in subprime mbs? END
START who could invest in the u.s. housing market through mbs and cdo? END
START mbs and cdo derive their value from? END
START what year did the foreclosure epidemic begin? END
START how much are total losses estimated to be from falling home prices? END
START what is the financial incentive when a home is worth less than the mortgage loan? END
START what other financial instruments had significant defaults and losses as a result of the crisis expanding from housing to other parts of the economy? END
START what continues to drain consumer wealth and erode the strength of banks? END
START what institutions comprise the shadow banking system? END
START what institutions are not subject to the same regulations as commercial banks? END
START what process caused the financial system to both expand and become fragile? END
START what policy has u.s. government emphasized from the 1970's onward? END
START since the 1970's, what has emphasized deregulation to encourage business, but resulted in less oversight and less disclosure? END
START some regulated banks did not have sufficient financial cushions in place to absorb what losses as a result of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what was a consequence of the large loan defaults and mbs losses in 2007? END
START who provided funds to encourage lending and restore faith in commercial banks in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START who bailed out key financial institutions and implemented economic stimulus programs as an answer to the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what impacted the ability of financial institutions to lend in the financial crisis of 2007? END
START when did the u.s. financial crisis inquiry commission report its findings? END
START what was one of  the conclusions of the u.s. financial crisis inquiry commission regarding the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what agency failed to stem the tide of toxic mortgages contributing to the financial crisis of 2007? END
START who was not prepared for the financial crisis in 2007 by lacking a full understanding of the financial system? END
START which business sector contributed to the financial crisis by acting recklessly and taking on too much risk? END
START what caused mortgage lenders to relax underwriting standards and approve riskier mortgages? END
START in what year were high underwriting standards relaxed? END
START what years were the worst mortgage loans originated? END
START what years had the most intense competition between securitizers and the lowest market share for gses? END
START who policed mortgage originators and maintained relatively high standards prior to 2003? END
START how many democratic appointees wrote the majority report of the financial crisis inquiry commission? END
START who claimed that the gse never purchased subprime loans - a claim that is widely disputed? END
START several reports written by various agencies  concluded that which policy was not the primary cause of the financial crisis? END
START how many republican appointees wrote the minority report of the financial crisis inquiry commission? END
START according to reports, which loans performed better than some loans securitized by private investment banks? END
START which government-sponsored entities had massive risky loan purchases? END
START how many estimated substandard loans did fannie and freddie have in 2008?  END
START what was the value of the estimated 13 million substandard loans held by fannie and freddie in 2008? END
START how many ex-executives of fannie and freddie were named in the sec's december 2011 securities fraud case? END
START peter j. wallison believes that the one of the roots of the financial crisis can be traced to affordable housing policies by which agency in the 1990s? END
START which administration called for investigation into the soundness of gses in the early and mid-2000s? END
START who uncovered accounting discrepancies in fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START on what date did the house financial services committee hold a hearing to assess safety and soundness issues regarding fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START what was the result of the house financial services committee on september 10, 2003 regarding fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START who rebuked ofheo in 2003 for their attempt at regulation of fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START what was the value of mortgage lending made by community reinvestment act covered lenders to low and mid level income borrowers and neighborhoods from 1993-1998? END
START what percent of mortgage lending was made by community reinvestment act covered lenders from 1993 to 1998? END
START what does cra stand for? END
START what percent of sub-prime lending occurred at cra-covered institutions in the run-up to the financial crisis? END
START what percent of sub-prime loans had some connection with cra in the run-up to the financial crisis? END
START when did cra make rule changes to relax underwriting standards? END
START how much were cra loan commitments between 1994 and 2007? END
START what was the federal reserve's assumption regarding what makes a loan subprime? END
START how did the federal reserve classify cra loans? END
START when were ultra-low interest rates initiated by the federal reserve? END
START what financial innovation enabled investment banks and hedge funds to make large wagers? END
START credit default swaps, collateralized debt obligations and cdos are all types of what? END
START which magazine had an article where michael lewis spoke with a trader about bad loans? END
START what financial innovation allows investment banks and hedge banks to make large wagers? END
START what are some names of derivatives? END
START peter j. wallison believes that the huge number of these loans led to the financial crisis? END
START what type downpayments do substandard loans generally have? END
START according to peter j. wallison, why did the u.s. residential housing bubble led to financial crisis? END
START other countries had large residential housing bubbles that deflated during what years? END
START peter j. wallison's conclusions regarding the financial crisis are not in agreement with this economist's views? END
START who believed that the growth of the commercial real estate bubble indicated that u.s. housing policy was not the cause of the crisis? END
START when did xudong an and anthony b. sanders issue a report about commercial mortgage-backed securities? END
START according to business journalist kimberly amadeo, when did the first signs of decline in real estate occur? END
START what are cmbs? END
START according to most analysts, what crisis took place after the crisis in residential real estate? END
START what is one investment assigned safe ratings by the credit rating agencies? END
START how much was invested worldwide in fixed income investments? END
START how much did the pool of money invested worldwide in fixed income investments grow in size from 2000 to 2007? END
START what is an example of a product wall street invented to answer the demand for income generating investments? END
START in the 2000s, investors were seeking higher yields than those offered by this investment? END
START what is the name of the securities that enabled financial institutions to obtain investor funds to finance subprime? END
START what was the outcome of collateralized debt obligations? END
START what type ratings did securities first in line receive from rating agencies? END
START what type pool do collateralized debt obligations place their payments from mortgages into? END
START what securities had lower credit ratings but potentially a higher rate of return? END
START how much had average u.s. housing prices declined by september 2008? END
START when was the peak of u.s. housing prices? END
START how many foreclosure proceedings were initiated by lenders in 2007? END
START what was the percentage increase on foreclosure proceedings from 2007 to 2008? END
START how many u.s. mortgages were either delinquent or in foreclosure by september 2009? END
START was was the federal funds rate target lowered to by the federal reserve in 2003? END
START what is one reason the federal reserve lowered the federal funds rate target to 1.0% in 2003? END
START in the early 2000s, what type bubble did some economists believe the fed needed to create to replace the nasdaq bubble? END
START what contributed greatly to the severity of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what encouraged borrowing from 2000 to 2003? END
START per bernanke, how much did the u.s. current account deficit increase between 1996 and 2004? END
START what percentage of gdp was the u.s. current account deficit in 2004? END
START what emerging economies did the u.s. borrow money from between 1996 and 2004 to finance its imports? END
START what type account is needed by the u.s. to balance an account deficit? END
START where did the u.s. obtain capital to finance its imports? END
START when did the fed begin raising fed funds rate significantly? END
START what does arm stand for: END
START how do asset prices generally move in relation to interest rates? END
START beginning in july 2004, what did the fed do to make arm rates more expensive for homeowners? END
START how did u.s. housing and financial assets react to the housing bubble burst? END
START richard m. bowen iii testified to the financial crisis inquiry commission regarding his tenure at which financial institution? END
START how many underwriters was richard m. bowen iii responsible for at citigroup? END
START what percent of mortgages purchased by citigroup in 2006 were defective? END
START in 2006, how many mortgage companies were contractually responsible to meet citi's standards? END
START during 2007, what was the percent of defective mortgages not underwritten to citi's standards? END
START who was the largest residential loan due diligence and securitization surveillance company? END
START according to clayton holdings, how many mortgages issued from january 2006 to june 2007 met underwriting standards? END
START how many investment and commercial banks were included in clayton holdings' analysis of january 2006 to june 2007 loans?  END
START per clayton's analysis of loans issued from january 2006 to june 2007, what percent of loans did not meet minimal standards of any issuer? END
START how many mortgage loans did clayton holdings review in their analysis? END
START what is the name for lending that entices borrowers to enter into unsafe secured loans? END
START what company used a classic bait-and-switch method by advertising low interest rates? END
START which type loan would the consumer be put into instead of the 1% or 1.5% interest rate loan as advertised? END
START what was created when the interest charged was greater than the amount of interest paid? END
START what type predatory lending method did countrywide financial use? END
START who sued countrywide for unfair business practices and false advertising? END
START what type mortgages allowed homeowners to make interest-only payments? END
START what happened to home equity when housing prices decreased? END
START who made the decision to seize countrywide after their financial condition deteriorated? END
START what type credit did borrowers obtaining mortgages from countrywide have? END
START what economist believed that regulations did not keep up with financial innovation? END
START who was the u.s. treasury secretary dealing with the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START which group's study suggested that basel accords encourage unconventional business practices? END
START it has been argued that what did not keep up with financial innovation? END
START what accords possibly contributed to or reinforced the financial crisis? END
START what did financial institutions do prior to the crisis? END
START what type financial instruments are off-balance sheet securitization and derivatives? END
START who bailed out financial institutions? END
START which option was nearly impossible for financial institutions to reorganize under? END
START what are the type financial instruments that were difficult for creditors and regulators to monitor? END
START how many u.s. investment banks significantly increased their financial leverage from 2004 to 2007? END
START u.s. investment banks increased their financial leverage and also increased their vulnerability to what? END
START changes in what intended to keep u.s. banks competitive with their european counterparts? END
START how much debt did the top five u.s. investment banks report in fiscal year 2007? END
START what financial institution went bankrupt and was liquidated in 2007? END
START what is an example of something that can be detrimental if too many individuals pursue the same behavior? END
START what is it called when too many consumers attempt to save or pay down debt at the same time? END
START what will happen if too many consumers save or pay down debt simultaneously? END
START who is the economist who described a "paradox of deleveraging"? END
START financial institutions cannot all de-leverage simultaneously without a decline in the value of this? END
START who was the u.s. federal reserve vice-chair in april 2009? END
START what happened soon after the massive credit crunch hit? END
START what deepened the credit crunch when demand and employment fell? END
START what was one of the actions businesses took to preserve cash? END
START what occurred in nearly every corner of the economy after the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what term refers to the ongoing development of financial products? END
START what is an example of financial innovation pertinent to the financial crisis? END
START what is the abbreviation for a form of credit insurance called credit default swaps? END
START what is the financial innovation that bundles subprime mortgages? END
START what happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis? END
START when did the issuance of cdo peak? END
START what was the estimated value of cdo issuance in q1 2004? END
START what was the estimated value of cdo issuance at it's peak in q1 2007? END
START what percent of cdo assets were subprime and other non-prime mortgage debt in 2007? END
START what was the estimated value of cdo issuance in q1 2008? END
START which products created more complexity in the financial markets? END
START what effect did the introduction of innovative financial products have on a single mortgage? END
START what did institutions rely more on as increasing distance from underlying assets occurred? END
START what is a type of indirect information that financial institutions and investors used to judge the risk? END
START in what year did a group of computer scientists build a model for ratings produced by rating agencies that turned out to be accurate for what happened in 2006-2008? END
START what is a measurement of pricing of risk? END
START what is the incremental compensation required by investors for taking on addition risk called? END
START according to several scholars, what prevented markets from correctly pricing risk before the crisis? END
START how should risk levels have been disclosed according to several scholars? END
START what was the outcome of the financial crisis since risk levels were not adequately disclosed? END
START what did market participants fail to measure accurately? END
START what are the reasons market participants did not understand the impact financial innovation products would have? END
START how much did jpmorgan estimate was the average recovery rate for high quality cdos that had been liquidated? END
START how much did jpmorgan estimate was the average recovery rate for mezzanine cdos that had been liquidated? END
START how much did banks estimate was the value of cdos sold between late 2005 to the middle of 2007? END
START what firm insured obligations of various financial institutions using credit default swaps? END
START what does the abbreviation cds stand for? END
START when did the government take over aig? END
START how much money did taxpayers provide in government support to aig during 2008 and early 2009? END
START what did aig receive for promising to pay party a in the event that party b defaulted? END
START who commented that the super-boom got out of hand when products became so complicated that risk could not be accurately calculated? END
START what happened to financial assets that made them harder to value? END
START who did rating agencies rely on for information to rate financial innovation products? END
START when authorities could no longer calculate the risks of complex financial innovation products, who did they rely on for information? END
START who reassured investors by showing the risk of complex financial innovation products was actually less than they proved to be? END
START what led to bad investments by asset managers in over-priced credit assets? END
START who is compensated based on the volume of client assets they have under management? END
START what is the incentive for asset managers to expand their assets under management? END
START what did many asset managers decide to do to the detriment of their clients? END
START what rationale did asset managers who continued to invest in over-priced investments to the detriment of their clients use? END
START who published "credit correlation: life after copulas" in 2007? END
START when did relevant warnings and research on cdos appear in an article by donnelly and embrechts? END
START the volume "credit correlation: life after copulas" summarizes a 2006 conference held by what firm in london? END
START what did the volume "credit correlation: life after copulas" propose models to rectify? END
START what year did the book by brigo, pallavicini and torresetti report warnings and research on cdos? END
START who was president and ceo of the new york federal reserve bank in june 2008? END
START what year did timothy geithner become u.s. treasury secretary? END
START in a june 2008 speech, timoty geithner placed blame for credit market freezing on which system? END
START what is the "parallel" banking system also called? END
START what is the term defined as being vulnerable by borrowing short-term in liquid markets to purchase long-term illiquid and risky assets? END
START when did the securitization markets supported by the shadow banking systems start to close down? END
START when did the securitization markets supported by the shadow banking system nearly shut-down completely? END
START how much of the private credit markets become unavailable as a source of funds? END
START what is the firm who reported that the traditional banking system does not have capital to close the gap as of june 2009? END
START how many years would of strong profit would it take to generate enough capital to support additional lending? END
START what economist testified to the financial crisis inquiry commission in january 2010? END
START in january 2010, what markets did mark zandi testify about that remain impaired and investors anticipate more loan losses? END
START what was the value of cdos at their peak in 2006? END
START what was the private issuance of cdos in 2009? END
START almost all of the asset-backed issuance in 2009 was supported by what federal reserve program? END
START following the collapse in the housing bubble, what happened to a number of commodity prices? END
START how much did the price of oil increase from early 2007 to 2008? END
START what did the price of oil began doing when the financial crisis began to take hold in late 2008? END
START what is one of the reasons experts believe contributed to the volatilaty in oil prices in 2008?  END
START consumers tend to have less money to spend on other goods, when the price of which commodity is higher? END
START who was the former director of the cftc that testified before the senate committee on commerce, science, and transportation on june 3, 2008? END
START who did michael greenberger erronesously name as a key player in speculative run-up of oil futures? END
START who founded the atlanta-based intercontinental exchange? END
START who purchased the international petroleum exchange in 2001? END
START where are regulated future exchanges located? END
START who is one of the feminist economists that believe the financial crisis revealed a crisis of mainstream economics and call for a complete reshaping of the economy? END
START feminist economists ailsa mckay and margunn bjornhold believe that the financial crisis and response reveal a crisis of ideas in this? END
START according to feminist economists mckay and bjornholt, would type economics should be included in a reshaping? END
START what do economists mckay and bjornholt want to occur in the economy, economic theory, and economics profession? END
START who was the current governor of the reserve bank of india that predicted the crisis in 2005? END
START when did raghuram rajan become chief economist the the international monetary fund? END
START in 2005, where did rajan deliver a controversial paper that was critical of the financial paper? END
START what was the name of raghuram rajan's controversial paper delivered in 2005? END
START what are risks called that generate severe adverse consequences with small probability but generous compensation the rest of the time? END
START who was one of the only mainstream economist to predict the financial crisis? END
START what did raghuram rajan speak of? END
START who credit 12 heterodox economists with predicting the crisis in his research credits? END
START how did the austrian economic school regard the crisis? END
START which former fed chair confessed in congressional testimony to being forced to return to lax monetary supply? END
START which magazine ran a cover story claiming that most economists failed to the the financial crisis? END
START the financial crisis of 2007 was the worst economic crisis since which crisis that occurred in the 1930s? END
START which school at university of pennsylvania examined in their online business journal why economists failed to predict the crisis? END
START which economist did the new york times state warned of a crisis as early as september 2006? END
START what was economist roubini called by the new york times for predicting a collapse of the housing market? END
START who wrote the 2007 book the black swan? END
START what journalist from the new york times stated his believe in nassim nicholas taleb? END
START what did nassim nicholas taleb warn about for years prior to the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what did nassim nicholas taleb make a fortune on by making a big financial bet? END
START who is the market strategist that believes distinctions exist between the current crisis and the great depression? END
START how much did the dow jones average fall during a period of 17 months? END
START what was the percentage the dow jones fell in the great depression? END
START who was the chief financial correspondent of the new york times in march 2009? END
START which medium sized british bank was the first victim of the financial crisis? END
START who did northern rock request security from? END
START when did northern rock investors panic and a bank run begin? END
START when was northern rock taken into public hands? END
START which bank early problems in 2007 were an indicator of the troubles that would soon befall other banks and financial institutions? END
START which financial institution was the first one visible to run into trouble in the united states? END
START who was southern california-based indymac a spin-off of? END
START before its failure, which savings and loan association was the seventh largest mortgage originator in the united states? END
START on what date did indymac fail? END
START who was indymac's parent corporation? END
START indymac often made loans without verifying what? END
START what was questionable on indymac's underlying collateral? END
START indymac gave loans to borrower's with what type credit histories? END
START indymac offered this type of questionable loans to borrowers? END
START indymac resisted efforts by regulators to tighten this criteria of their loans? END
START when did moody's and standard & poor downgrade a significant number of indymac's mbs bonds? END
START what was the value of indymac's mbs bonds retained in its mbs portfolio that were downgraded in april 2008? END
START what was one of the agencies that downgraded a significant number of indymac's mbs bonds in april 2008? END
START if indymac's downgraded mbs bond ratings had been in effect at march 31, 2008, what would the bank's capital ratio have been? END
START what is a well capitalized ratio? END
START who is the senator that asked fdic if it had considered ordering indymac to reduce its reliance on brokered deposits? END
START what does the abbreviation fdic stand for? END
START how much of indymac's total deposits of $18.9 billion on march 31, 2008 were considered brokered deposits? END
START had the fdic disallowed indymac from acquiring new brokered deposits on this date, the threat of brokered deposit losses would have been $500 million a month? END
START how much was the threat of brokered deposit losses per month to indymac? END
START what was the value of loans indymac was forced to hold when the secondary mortgage market collapsed in late 2007? END
START how much in deposits did account holders withdraw from indymac in late june 2008? END
START what percent of indymac's deposits were withdrawn by account holders in late june 2008? END
START who is the senator that released a letter to the fdic and ots that prompted a "run" on indymac? END
START what was the underlying cause of the failure on indymac? END
START on what date did the fdic put indymac bank into conservatorship? END
START what was the name of the bridge bank established to assume control of indymac bank's assets, liabilities and deposit accounts? END
START on what date did the fdic plan to open indymac federal bank, fsb? END
START what is the maximum amount of funds the fdic guarantees in insured accounts? END
START how many indymac account holders held funds in excess of the fdic's insured amount of us$100,000? END
START how many mortgage lenders went bankrupt during 2007 and 2008? END
START who is the investment bank that was feared to collapse in march 2008 and was sold in a fire-sale to jp morgan chase? END
START when did the financial institution crisis hit its peak? END
START when did lehman's former ceo appear before representative henry a. waxman? END
START what firm filed the largest bankruptcy in u.s. history? END
START when did the financial crisis hit its most critical stage? END
START the equivalent of a bank run on which funds occurred in september 2008? END
START what do money market funds frequently invest in? END
START how much was withdrawn from money markets during one week in september 2008? END
START what was the record high for the ted spread on october 10, 2008? END
START economist paul krugman explained the credit crisis via the implosion of which system? END
START what is the system with nearly equal the importance of traditional commercial banking? END
START the shadow banking system could not provide funds to mortgage firms and other corporations without the ability to obtain which funds? END
START what was timothy geithner's position during the fall of 2008? END
START how much of the u.s. lending mechanism was frozen until june 2009? END
START what is the primary cause of the reduction in funds available for borrowing? END
START what institution reported that the traditional banking systems does not have the capital to close the gap in the lending mechanism? END
START what is likely to vanish forever, as a result of excessively loose credit conditions? END
START as of june 2009, the brookings institution reports that traditional banking system does not have enough of what to close the lending gap? END
START how much net worth did americans lose between june 2007 and november 2008? END
START in november 2008, how much was the u.s. stock index down from its 2007 high? END
START in november 2008, how much had housing prices drop from their 2006 peak? END
START how much was home equity valued in the united states at its peak in 2006? END
START how much was home equity valued in the united states in mid-2008? END
START according to economist dean baker, a homeowner who has no equity if this type default risk? END
START what is one of the major problems with the economy in november 2008? END
START how many homeowners who had substantial equity in their homes two years ago, have little no equity as of november 2008? END
START what does the creditworthiness of businesses depend on? END
START how did profit prospects for businesses look in november 2008 compared to november 2007? END
START in 2008, what type collapse was feared? END
START what investment bank stated on october 6 that 2008 would see a global recession lasting for at least two years? END
START on october 16, 2008, how long did ubs predict the united states' recession would last? END
START relative to the size of its economy, what country's banking collapse was the largest experienced by any country in economic history? END
START what was one of the actions taken by government to fix the financial crisis? END
START according to the brookings institution report in june 2009, how much growth did u.s. consumption account for between 2000 and 2007? END
START for the first quarter of 2009, what was the annualized rate of decline in gdp in germany? END
START for the first quarter of 2009, what was the annualized rate of decline in gdp in mexico? END
START who depended on the u.s. consumer as a source of global demand? END
START what is one reason for the decline in growth around the world in 2009? END
START what is the growth forecast for cambodia in 2009? END
START how much were remittances sent from migrant workers in 2007? END
START how many people live below the poverty line in bangladesh? END
START what does bruno wenn of the german deg recommend to attract new investors? END
START according to overseas development institute, what is one reason for the reduction in growth in developing countries? END
START what area of the world was less severely affected by the credit crunch according to the world bank report in february 2009? END
START what does the abbreviation fdi stand for? END
START arab countries entered the financial crisis in exceptionally strong positions giving them a cushion against this? END
START what will have the greatest impact on the global economic crisis? END
START what is the single most important determinant of economic performance? END
START what was the annual rate of decrease for the output of goods and services produced by labor and property in 4q 2008 and 1q 2009? END
START what was the u.s. unemployment rate in october 2009? END
START the u.e. employment rate was 10.2% in october 2009, which was the highest rate since what year? END
START what was the average hours per work week in october 2009? END
START the decline of gross domestic product also caused a decline in innovation, evidenced by the flat-lining of what? END
START how many of the poorest families did not have any wealth decline during the financial crisis? END
START in a federal reserve survey of 4,000 households, what percent reported wealth decline between 2007 and 2009? END
START how many of the richest families had a decrease in total wealth between 2007 and 2009? END
START how many families at the bottom of the pyramid had a decrease in total wealth between 2007 and 2009? END
START which families experienced the least decline in wealth between 2007 and 2009? END
START on november 3, 2008, who predicted extremely weak gdp growth for the eurozone in 2009? END
START how much did the european commission estimate the gdp growth for eurozone countries would be in 2009? END
START how much did the european commission estimate the gdp growth for the uk would be in 2009? END
START on november 6, in washington, d.c., who predicted a worldwide recession for 2009? END
START on november 5, 2008, the bank of england reduced their interest rate from 4.5% to what? END
START what have central banks around the world done to avoid the risk of a deflationary spiral? END
START what have governments done to offset the reduction in private sector demand? END
START what is the u.s. federal reserve's traditional role during a crisis? END
START what did the u.s. federal reserve do to increase access to liquidity? END
START what type decline does lower wages and higher unemployment lead to? END
START what brought the global financial system to the brink of collapse? END
START how much government debt and troubled private assets did central banks purchase during the last quarter of 2008? END
START how much preferred stock did governments of european nations and the usa purchase in their major banks? END
START in october 2010, who was the nobel laureate that explained how the u.s. federal reserve was creating currency to combat the liquidity trap? END
START what did the banks chose to do with the money created by the federal reserve instead of financing more domestic loans and refinancing mortgages? END
START what was introduced by president barack obama in june 2009? END
START what was one of the items important to consumers that was addressed by the new regulatory proposals introduced in june 2009? END
START regulations were proposed by obama in january 2010 to limit the ability of banks to engage in which type trading? END
START who were proposed new regulations called "the volcker rule" named after? END
START who publicly argued for changes limiting the ability of banks to engage in proprietary trading? END
START when did the u.s. senate first pass a financial reform bill? END
START when did the u.s. house first pass a financial reform bill? END
START what rule against proprietary trading was not part of legislation passed by either the senate or house? END
START which bill gave regulators the discretion to prohibit proprietary trades? END
START what did european regulators introduce to increase the oversight of banks? END
START critics argue that basel iii doesn't address which problem? END
START who argued that regulations led to excessive lending to risky governments? END
START what was increased by basel iii regulations? END
START what term describes creating risk-free assets out of high risk collateral? END
START when did the u.s. recession that began in december 2007 end? END
START when did the financial crisis appear to have ended? END
START what was the name of the article that appeared in time magazine in april 2009 declaring the crisis over? END
START on what date did president barack obama declare that the markets are stabilized? END
START when does the united states financial crisis inquiry commission date the crisis to? END
START who led global economic growth after the financial crisis? END
START how much global gdp did emerging and developing economies account for from 2007 to 2014? END
START how much global gdp did "advanced" economies account for from 2007 to 2014? END
START what economies led global economic growth prior to the financial crisis? END
START what relationship between advanced and emerging/developing was completely overturned by the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what ocean does portugal border? END
START what other country does portugal border? END
START what is the longest uninterrupted border within the european union? END
START where is portugal located? END
START how long is the portugal-spain border? END
START what two autonomous regions have their own governments in portugal? END
START who were the first inhabitants of portugal? END
START which two groups followed the first inhabitants? END
START by what year had portugal established itself as an independent kingdom? END
START what age did portugal pioneer? END
START in which centuries did portugal establish the first global empire? END
START in portugal, which city was destroyed in the 1755 earthquake? END
START in which year did brazel become independent? END
START in which year was the portugal monarchy deposed? END
START which portugese colony was lost to china in 1999? END
START how many portugese speakers are there today? END
START what form of government does portugal maintain? END
START what is portugal's social progress ranking? END
START which three western european countries have a lower social progress ranking than portugal? END
START what are three international organizations that portugal belongs to? END
START in 2001, portugal was the first country in the world to do what? END
START from what name is portugal derived? END
START by what group was the portugal region settled? END
START to what four peoples did the settlement of portugal give rise? END
START during what years was the portugal region incorporated in the roman republic? END
START from what old germanic word is alenquer originate? END
START in what year did lusitania become a roman province? END
START what was the northern province of lusitania known as? END
START what are castros? END
START what are two large roman sites that still exist today in portugal? END
START how far apart are conimbriga and coimbra? END
START how long did it take the umayyad caliphate to defeat the visigoths? END
START in what year did portugal become a part of umayyad caliphate's empire? END
START in which year did umayyad caliphate's empire collapse? END
START under whom did the western part of umayyad caliphate's empire gain its independence? END
START how long did it take the emirate to become the caliphate of codoba? END
START what were the governors of the taifas called? END
START which which kingdoms did the taifas establish diplomatic relations? END
START to which taifa did most of portugal fall into? END
START in which year did the taifa period end? END
START which battle took place in 1147? END
START what are converts to islam called? END
START who did the arabs principally consist of? END
START where were the berbers originally from? END
START in which region of portugal did the muslim population stay? END
START how many modern portugese words have arabic origins? END
START what was pelayos' plan? END
START against which group of people was pelayos fighting? END
START in which battle did pelayos defeat the moors? END
START in which year was pelayos proclaimed king? END
START what was the war of christian reconquest, started by pelayos, known as in portugese? END
START who annexed the county of portugal into the kingdom of asturias? END
START in which year was vimara peres knighted? END
START what was vimara knighted as? END
START what three names did portugal become known as after vimara peres was knighted? END
START why was the kingdom of asturias divided? END
START who was the eldest son of alfonso iii and what did he become king of? END
START who was the second son of alfonso iii and what did he become king of? END
START who was alfonso iii's third son and what area did he receive? END
START in which year did alfonso iii likely die? END
START in which year was the kingdom of castile formed? END
START during the internecine struggles, what did the the people of country of portugal struggle with? END
START the county of portugal separated from the kingdom of galicia to establish what? END
START portugese diverged from which language?  END
START what is the castilian lanugage known as? END
START by which language was the astur-leonese replaced? END
START which years were plagued by the black death? END
START in 1373, portugal made an alliance with which country? END
START what is the longest standing alliance in the world? END
START the portugal-english alliance served as the predecessor to what? END
START in which portugese region is there still visible english influence? END
START what european age did portugal spearhead? END
START who was the father of prince henry the navigator? END
START which three atlantic archipelagos did portugal discover? END
START by which path did portugal discover a route to india? END
START what south american country did portugal discover? END
START who was the 1st marquis of pombal? END
START what title did archduchess maria anne josefa hold? END
START who arranged the widow de melo's second marriage? END
START who was de melo's second marriage to? END
START who was not pleased by de melo's second marriage? END
START did the king's confidence in de melo increase or decrease? END
START what title was given to de melo in 1755? END
START with whose economic success was de melo impressed with? END
START who abolished slavery in portugal? END
START who ended discrimination against difference christian sects in portugal? END
START what were de melo's greatest reforms? END
START why did e melo demarcate the region for production of port? END
START did de melo impose strict laws only on one class of people? END
START among which class did de melo's reforms gain him the most enemies? END
START who was the first person to try to ensure the wine's quality in portugal? END
START what type of natural disaster was the city center of lisbon designed to resist? END
START how were earthquakes simulated on the architectural models? END
START what are some of lisbon's tourist attractions? END
START how did de melo contribute to the study of seismology? END
START did lisbon suffer any epidemics from the calamity? END
START what happened to joseph i in 1758? END
START who was implicated in the attempted assassination of joseph i? END
START who was expelled from the country after the assassination attempt on joseph i? END
START what act finally broke the power of the aristocracy? END
START in what year did joseph i make his minister the count of oeiras? END
START was the new count of oeiras opposed by anyone after the tavora affair? END
START in which year was the count of oeiras made the marquis of pambal? END
START how long did the marquis of pombal rule portugal? END
START what did pombal's enlightenment promote at the expense of individual liberty? END
START what was pombal's "enlightenment" an apparatus for? END
START under whose occupation did portugal begin a slow decline? END
START how long did portugal's decline last? END
START in what year did brazil become independent from portugal? END
START to where did prince regent joao vi of portugal transfer his court? END
START what was the name of the pluricontinental state formed by portugal and brazil in 1815? END
START what provoked the modernization and expansion of the brazilian administrative, civic, economical, military, educational, and scientific apparatus? END
START portugese and british troops fought against the invasion of which country? END
START by what year had the situation in europe cool down enough so that joao vi would have been able to safely return to lisbon? END
START until when did the king of portugal remain in brazil? END
START where did the liberal revolution of 1820 begin? END
START when was the conference of berlin held? END
START why were the portugese africa territories' borders formally established? END
START during what period were the portugese africa's cities founded or redeveloped? END
START what new portugese africa's coastal towns were developed during the scramble for africa? END
START when were railroad tracks being installed portugese africa? END
START on what day were king dom carlos i and and his heir, prince royal dom luis filipe, duke of braganza, murdered? END
START under the rule of king dom carlos i, on what two days was portugal declared bankrupt? END
START who succeeded king dom carlos i as king? END
START on what day was king manuel ii overthrown? END
START during the portuguese first republic, what creating a fertile ground for chaos and unrest? END
START who led the estado novo? END
START in what year was the estado novo established? END
START how many european countries remained neutral throughout world war ii? END
START what action affirmed portugal's status as a transcontinental nation? END
START until when did the portuguese government resist decolonization of their overseas territories? END
START what was the carnation revolution? END
START by what was the prec characterized by? END
START what entity governed portugal until 1976? END
START which party won the portuguese election in 1976? END
START who became the prime minister of portugal in 1976? END
START through what years was mario soares the portuguese prime minister? END
START between which two political ideals did portugal bounce between? END
START in what year was the portuguese constitution approved? END
START for what reasons were the portuguese constitution rewritten? END
START what type of climate does portugal have? END
START in the mountainous interior north of portugal, between what degrees is the average temperature? END
START in the south of portugal and on the guadiana river basin, between what degrees does the average temperature fluctuate? END
START how high do the mountains between algarve and the alentejo region reach? END
START what type of climate do the archipelagos of the azores and madeira have? END
START what makes weather predictions difficult in the archipelago region? END
START what type of climate does the island of the azores have? END
START what two types of forests can be found in geres? END
START to what period does the laurissilva forest date back to? END
START what type of oak tree is colonizing many abandoned areas in portugal? END
START what wild animal was recently found roaming urban areas in portugal? END
START how many national parks does portugal have? END
START what is laurisilva? END
START what are some examples of  mammalian fauna found in laurisilva forests? END
START what type of animal crosses between europe and africa during the autumn? END
START how many freshwater fish species can be found in portugal? END
START in portugal, where can you find the giant european catfish? END
START why are some species becoming endangered in portugal? END
START what type of glowing species can be found on some beaches in portugal? END
START for how many years is the portugal president elected? END
START who is the current president of portugal? END
START how many deputies make up the assembly of the republic? END
START for how long of a term are deputies elected? END
START how many members sit on the constitutional court? END
START what two political parties dominate portugal's government? END
START at what three levels does the portugal government operate? END
START what other political groups exist other than the two dominant ones? END
START what percentage of the vote do the non-dominant parties get? END
START who is the head of state of portugal? END
START for how many years does each term of the president of the republic last? END
START by what means is the president of the republic elected? END
START who has the power to appoint and dismiss the prime minister? END
START what group acts as the presidential cabinet? END
START what process is required of each government's policies? END
START what is needed to reject a cabinet's policy? END
START portuguese law continues to be a major influence for what? END
START what is the policia de seguranca publica - psp (public security police)? END
START what is the policia judiciaria - pj (judicial police)? END
START which entity oversees the judicial police? END
START in which year did portugal decriminalize drug possession? END
START how much of a drug is legal to possess? END
START what option is allowed to those caught with small amounts of drugs? END
START by 2009, by how much had the rate of hiv infection decreased? END
START how many municipalities is portugal divided into? END
START how many civil parishes are the portuguese municipalities divided into? END
START how many districts is the continental portugal divided into? END
START how many branches make up the portuguese armed forces? END
START what are the branches of the portuguese armed forces? END
START what is the primary purpose of the portuguese armed forces? END
START how many women were in the portuguese armed forces in 2008? END
START how much money was spent on the portuguese armed forced in 2009? END
START what is the number of personnel in the army? END
START with what is the infantry brigade mainly equipped with? END
START what is the mechanized brigade mainly equipped with? END
START what does the rapid reaction brigade consist of? END
START how many personnel does the navy have? END
START in what two major conflicts did portugal engage in during the 20th century? END
START during which years was the portuguese colonial war fought? END
START in what countries have the portuguese armed forces participated in peacekeeping missions? END
START what are two examples of independent portuguese unilateral military operations conducted abroad? END
START who headed the government after the bailout was announced? END
START what was the purpose of the portuguese bailout? END
START how was the portuguese bailout implemented? END
START between 2010 and 2012, by what percentage were the wages of public servants cut? END
START between 1974 and 2010, how did the portuguese government encourage over-expenditure and investment bubbles? END
START by whom was a report published in 2011 that demonstrated the portuguese government encouraged over-expenditure and investment bubbles? END
START in what two years was there a financial crisis? END
START which two portuguese banks had been accumulating losses for years? END
START what caused bpn and bpp to accumulate losses? END
START why was the case of bpn more serious? END
START on what charge was bpn's ceo arrested? END
START what currency does portugal use? END
START what currency did the euro replace in portugal? END
START what is the name of portugal's central bank? END
START in what two areas are most portuguese industries, businesses, and financial institutions concentrated? END
START according to world travel awards, for what activity is portugal known as europe's leading destination? END
START in which year did the carnation revolution take place? END
START what period followed the carnation revolution? END
START since the 90's, how has portugal's economic development model been changing? END
START what are the more traditional industries that have existed in portugal? END
START what is portugal the world's leading producer of? END
START by what entities was the portuguese economy bailed out? END
START in what year was the economic bailout agreed to? END
START how much money was agreed to in the financial bailout? END
START when did portugal exit the bailout? END
START by the time portugal exited the bailout, to what percentage had the unemployment rate fallen? END
START upon what is portuguese agriculture based? END
START what types of companies back more large scale, export-oriented agrobusinesses in portugal? END
START what types of crops does portugal produce? END
START what types of livestock products does portugal produce? END
START which company is the world's oldest canned fish producer? END
START what are the names of various companies that produce and export fish products? END
START what food does portugal have one of the highest rates of consumption of? END
START what mineral is portugal ranked as a leading european producer of? END
START what are three types of minerals portugal is a notable producer of? END
START what type of exploration does portugal lack the potential for? END
START in which region does portugal have vast reserves of iron and coal? END
START what event triggered a decrease in the extraction of portugal's natural resources? END
START what automotive brands exist in portugal? END
START what aerospace companies exist in portugal? END
START where is volkswagen group's autoeuropa assembly plant located? END
START what are the main centers for the portuguese aerospace industries? END
START where are the main centers of the biotech and it industries located? END
START portuguese tourist numbers are expected to do what in the future? END
START with what area does portugal compete with for tourists? END
START how does portugal compete with other areas for tourists? END
START what attractions does portugal have to offer tourists? END
START what magazine described portugal as "a new sick man of europe?" END
START between 2002 and 2007, by what percentage did the rate of unemployment change? END
START what percentage did the unemployment rate reach in december, 2009? END
START in 2009, what rating did standard & poor's assign to portugal's long-term credit assessment? END
START in which year did moody's downgrade portugal's long-term credit assessment? END
START what did prime minister jose socrates announce on april 6, 2011? END
START how many times has portugal requested external financial support? END
START what provoked the first request from portugal for financial support? END
START for what reason did moody's investor services downgrade nine portuguese banks in 2011? END
START in 2005, how many public employees did portugal have for every thousand inhabitants? END
START what was the average number of public employees per every thousand inhabitants for the european union in 2005? END
START in comparison to eu and usa standards, how was portugal's justice system regarded? END
START which country had the slowest criminal justice system in western europe in 2005? END
START how many judges and prosecutors does portugal have per 100,000 inhabitants? END
START who was the portugal prime minister in 2013? END
START what did the prime minister announce during the first week of may in 2013? END
START for what reason did prime minister passos coelho justify cutting 30000 jobs? END
START from which entities did portugal seek a monetary bailout from? END
START to what age did passos coelho increase the retirement age? END
START to what did passos coelho announce cuts to? END
START which obligatory class was abolished from basic education? END
START what did the instituting of these policies lead to? END
START since when has the portugal unemployment rate been in a falling trend? END
START to what percentage did the unemployment rate peak at? END
START in the second quarter of 2008, what was the portuguese unemployment rate? END
START by when did the portuguese unemployment rate pass the 10% mark? END
START what are the tourist hotspots in portugal? END
START where do 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit in portugal every year? END
START what apparitions reportedly took place in 1917? END
START what tourist destinations are the portuguese government continuing to promote and develop? END
START what is the 16th european city to attract the most tourists? END
START what prompted transportation improvements in portugal in the 1970's? END
START after joining the european economic community in the 90's, what did portugal begin building? END
START how long is portugal's total road network? END
START in which year was the first motorway opened in portugal? END
START how much land does the continental portugal cover? END
START how many national airports does portugal have? END
START near what cities are the portuguese airports located? END
START why is lisbon a popular stopover for many foreign airlines? END
START what is the primary flag-carrier in portugal? END
START into what country does portugal's railway system expand? END
START what entity supports and administrates portugal's railway system? END
START how long is the total railway system in portugal? END
START how long is the amount of railway lines that are electrified? END
START how long is the amount of railway lines that permit speeds greater than 120 km/h? END
START what are the two subway systems in portugal? END
START how long are each of the subway systems? END
START by what company have the lisbon tram services been supplies by? END
START for how long has the libon tram service existed? END
START in what type of network are most scientific research studies conducted in portugal? END
START what is one example of a state-managed autonomous research institution? END
START by which ministry is authority granted for funding and managing portugal's research system? END
START what are two of the large non-state run research institutions in portugal? END
START what is the champalimaud foundation? END
START what does the champalimaud foundation award every year? END
START in what year was the sciences academy of lisbon founded? END
START what is the name of the largest european aquarium? END
START what does the state agency ciencia viva promote? END
START what are some examples of notable organizations focused on scientific exhibitions? END
START what was responsible for creating thousands of scientific, technological, and knowledge-based businesses? END
START what are some examples of the science parks being built in portugal? END
START for what reason to companies locate in the portuguese science parks? END
START what are the two most considerable sources of renewable energy in portugal? END
START where was moura photovoltaic power station located? END
START where was the agucadoura wave farm located? END
START by the end of 2006, what percentage of portugal's energy production was from renewable sources? END
START what is the name of portugal's national energy transmission company? END
START what does ren do? END
START through what renewable resource had portugal generated electricity before the solar/wind revolution? END
START what is used to pump water uphill in portugal? END
START how did the portuguese government encourage rooftop solar panels? END
START what was the portuguese population in 2011? END
START what percentage of the portuguese population in 2011 was female? END
START what percentage of the portuguese population in 2011 was male? END
START what is the dominant religion in portugal? END
START what were the moors who converted to catholicism known as? END
START in what group of people do the portuguese have their origin? END
START when did people first start arriving in the european continent? END
START what is the main population source of the portuguese people? END
START what is the cornerstone of portugal's national identity? END
START which ocean does portugal border? END
START what were two of the last territories portugal gave up? END
START the vast majority of brazilians have what ancestry in common? END
START how many inhabitants did portugal have by 2007? END
START what percentage of the portuguese people are roman catholic? END
START what other religious communities exist in portugal? END
START what percentage of the portuguese people identify as non-religious? END
START what percentage of the portuguese population did not give an answer for their religion in the 2011 census? END
START in what religion do many portuguese holidays and festivals find their origin? END
START in what centuries did the roman catholic church play a role in the reconquest? END
START what changed the role and importance of organized religion in portugal? END
START during what years did the formation of the first portuguese republic take place? END
START on what date did the battle of ourique take place? END
START afonso heard jesus promising what? END
START why did god want to act through afonso? END
START what is the official name of portugal? END
START what type of language is portuguese? END
START where did portuguese originate? END
START what was the common name of the galician and portuguese people? END
START from what language is portuguese derived? END
START by what group of people is portuguese derived? END
START between what years did portugal establish a colonial and commercial empire? END
START in how many continents is portuguese spoken as a native language? END
START what country has the largest number of native portuguese speakers? END
START what is the adult literacy rate in portugal? END
START portuguese primary school enrollment is close to what percent? END
START what percentage of college-age citizens attend a higher education institution in portugal? END
START what percentage of college-age citizens attend a higher education institution in the united states? END
START since when have portuguese universities existed? END
START where was the oldest portuguese university established? END
START where did the oldest portuguese university relocate to? END
START what is the oldest engineering school of the americas? END
START what is the oldest medical college in asia? END
START when was the bologna process adopted? END
START what are most higher education student costs supported with? END
START over what age are higher education applicants considered mature? END
START what is the ministry of health responsible for? END
START how many regional health administrations exist in portugal? END
START what are the regional health administrations in charge of? END
START what do most portuguese people die from? END
START what are the two main components of cardiovascular disease? END
START what is the biggest killer in portugal? END
START what percentage of portuguese people die less often from cancer than in the eur-a? END
START who is cancer more common among in portugal? END
START what survey results complement on data on health status? END
START what number of portuguese adults rated their health as good or very good? END
START portugal modernized its public cultural facilities during what two decades? END
START in what year was the calouste gulbenkian foundation established? END
START where was the calouste gulbenkian foundation established? END
START what are some examples of portugal's public cultural facilities? END
START how many unesco world heritage sites is portugal home to? END
START what is the manueline style also known as? END
START what is the manueline style? END
START what is soft portuguese style? END
START who are some of the most renowned architects to come from portugal? END
START for what is tomas taveira particularly noteworthy for in portugal? END
START in which period was cinema born? END
START who are some examples of portuguese film directors? END
START who are some noted portuguese actors? END
START who was lus de cames? END
START what epic poem did lus de cames write? END
START what was lus de cames main influence? END
START what styles are modern portuguese poetry rooted in? END
START who are some modern portuguese authors? END
START what is dry cod known as in portuguese? END
START other than bacalhau, what are two other popular fish recipes in portugal? END
START what is caldeirada? END
START what meats are often used in portuguese recipes? END
START what are two popular northern portugal dishes? END
START what are three examples of fast food dishes in portugal? END
START where does the portuguese art of pastry have its origins? END
START what are the main ingredients used to make pastries in the monasteries? END
START what are two examples of portuguese pastries? END
START since when have portuguese wines garnished international recognition? END
START with which roman god was portugal associated with? END
START what are some of the best portuguese wines? END
START which two portuguese wines are especially enjoyed around the world? END
START what are a couple examples of summer music festivals held in portugal? END
START what are a couple examples of non-summer music festivals in portugal? END
START what is the boom festival? END
START what international awards have been won by the boom festival? END
START in which year did portugal hold the mtv europe music awards? END
START what are some examples of classical pianists from portugal? END
START what are some examples of classical violinists from portugal? END
START who are some notable musical composers from portugal? END
START who are some contemporary composers from portugal? END
START in which century did portugal see the arrival of modernism? END
START by what group was amadeo de souza-cardoso most heavily influenced by? END
START what is one of amadeo de souza-cardoso's best known works? END
START who are some of the most prominent modern visual artists in portugal? END
START what is the most popular sport in portugal? END
START what is still a major symbol of portuguese football history? END
START who are two examples of the top football players born in portugal? END
START what award did both lus figo and cristiano ronaldo win? END
START who are some of the most renowned football managers in portugal? END
START what are the three largest sports clubs by popularity in portugal? END
START what are the three largest sports club by popularity in portugal known as? END
START how many titles in the european uefa club competitions have "the big three" won? END
START other than football, what other sports are popular in portugal? END
START by what entity is the algarve cup hosted? END
START what can be seen as of essential importance to a practiced of humanism? END
START what is a common tenant of humanism? END
START these days humanism could be viewed as a form of what? END
START  what can be credited for the changes in the definition of humanism?  END
START instead of turning to a spiritual or divine source practicers of humanism turn to what? END
START what can be seen as no importance to the practice of humanism? END
START what is a fake tenant of humanism? END
START what is humanism no longer viewed as a form of? END
START what had no influence on the changes in the definition of humanism? END
START what does humanism condemn instead of turning to a spiritual or divine source? END
START what was humanism once considered the same as? END
START who has disagreed with this connotation of the word? END
START in which period did gellius gain fame? END
START who is credited with clarifying and making the term humanitas commonplace? END
START what is the characteristic that most separates humans from animals? END
START what was humanism once considered worse than? END
START who can't disagree with a connotation of a word? END
START which period did gellius lose fame? END
START who is credited with clarifying and making the term humanitas forbidden? END
START what is the characteristic that most indicates why humans are the same as robots? END
START  at the time of the french revolution what previous focus of humanism was removed? END
START protestantism differs from humanism in its focus is on what? END
START what do current tenants humanism have their origins in? END
START what was a name for humanism believers who emerged in the late 19th and early 20th centuries? END
START what previous focus of humanism was required at the time of the french revolution? END
START what makes protestantism the exact same as humanism? END
START what do current tenants of humanism avoid? END
START what was a name for humanism believers who emerged in the late 12th and early 13th centuries? END
START  in what year did the term humanism gain yet another layer of meaning? END
START who can be credited with assisting the word humanism with finding a home in the english language? END
START who was responsible for yet another definition of the philosophy in 1856? END
START what nation was highly receptive to the new definition of this concept? END
START what year did the term humanism remove yet another layer of meaning? END
START who can be credited with assisting the word humanism with finding a barrier from the english language? END
START who was responsible for yet another definition of the philosophy in 1854? END
START what nation was not receptive to the new definition of this concept? END
START who destroyed the term humanismus? END
START during which period was the philosophy of humanism next updated? END
START what was the criticism of humanism made by conservatives of the time? END
START who continued to support the belief system despite its critics? END
START who felt that humanism would surely be a major "religion" today? END
START which period was the philosophy of humanism banned? END
START what was the criticism of humanism made by magicians of the time? END
START who continued to end the belief system despite its critics? END
START who felt that humanism would surely be a minor "religion" today? END
START what idea was never attacked? END
START what was the main difference between humanism and the religions of the time? END
START what well known socialist adopted the usage of this term in germany? END
START who did benevolent believers in humanism turn to for ideas about the philosophy? END
START where did the learned believers place their focus? END
START what was the main avoidance between humanism and the religions of the time? END
START what well known conservative adopted the usage of this term in germany? END
START who did harmful believers in humanism turn to for ideas about the philosophy? END
START where did the learned believers remove their focus? END
START which ancient text provides an example of the humanist way of thinking? END
START when was this writing penned? END
START what well know scholar was inspired by humanism? END
START which classified text provides an example of the humanist way of thinking? END
START what well know scholar was destroyed by humanism? END
START when was gathas of zarathustra lost forever? END
START what well know scholar was killed by humanism? END
START who was known as being a founder of humanism thought in china? END
START what early adopter and developer of is associated with confucianism? END
START who is known for the thought that humanity is the most important thing in the world? END
START who was known as being a founder of humanism thought in finland? END
START what early adopter and developer is no longer associated with confucianism? END
START whose words were hidden by the book of history? END
START who is known for the thought that humanity is the least important thing in the world? END
START when were humanism beliefs mixed with another philosophy by a taoist thinker? END
START what is an example of humanism based philosophy that focused on ethics? END
START who can be credited with saying essentially humans are the gods of gods? END
START where could you read this information? END
START when were humanism beliefs separated from another philosophy by a taoist thinker? END
START what is an example of humanism based philosophy that discouraged ethics? END
START who can be credited with saying essentially humans are the gods of humans? END
START what classic did ji liang burn? END
START who decided to stop teaching tao? END
START who was one of the first greeks to adopt a humanistic outlook? END
START where did this type of thinking next travel to? END
START who first introduced the idea that matter is made of atoms? END
START who was the first person to provide education opportunities to females? END
START who was one of the last greeks to adopt a humanistic outlook? END
START where did this type of thinking end? END
START who first dismissed the idea that matter is made of atoms? END
START who was the only person to provide education opportunities to females? END
START who was the only greek philosopher to forbid women at his school? END
START when did the first wave of humanism reach europe? END
START who was thought to be the original believer of humanism in of the renaissance period? END
START the study and following of classical writers was said to be a solution to what issue? END
START when did the first wave of humanism fail to reach europe? END
START who was thought to be the only believer of humanism in of the renaissance period? END
START what issue was the study and following of classical writers said to be a problem of? END
START who did not understand prose? END
START what was an intellectual movement forbidden in europe? END
START  what is one religious text that was thought to eventually lead to a peace between all? END
START who gave followers of humanism the ability to think out of bounds? END
START what cities may have influenced the beliefs of gemistus pleto? END
START what is one religious text that was thought to eventually lead to a war between all? END
START who gave followers of humanism the ability to think inside the box? END
START what cities may have influenced the fashion of gemistus pleto? END
START who denounced being a humanist in 1357? END
START how were humanist able to identify the development of humanist thought? END
START what was included in this quest for knowledge of the belief system? END
START if your were unsure of the authenticity of an ancient text how could you verify it? END
START what caused a large migration of greek refuges in the 1450s? END
START how were humanist able to ruin the development of humanist thought? END
START what was missing in this quest for knowledge of the belief system? END
START what helps to discredit the authenticity of an ancient text? END
START what caused a small migration of greek refuges in the 1550s? END
START when are these texts first able to reach a large amount of people? END
START  erasmus can be said to have lit the match that sparked a radical change in thinking in his era along with who? END
START what text still remained without the type of thorough review that others texts had received by the 18th century? END
START when are these texts first able to reach no amount of people? END
START what text no longer remains without the type of thorough review that others texts had received by the 12th century? END
START where was renaissance humanism against the law? END
START what focused on dismissing scholarship and philology? END
START what 18th century german school has no criticisms? END
START  what author had a great impact in rome? END
START who was able to spread the idea of equality among all through his words? END
START from where did this school of thought emerge? END
START who again issued the same type of challenge centuries later END
START what was the name of the main belief terence offered END
START what author had little impact in rome? END
START who was able to spread the idea of equality among all without any words? END
START what was the name of the main belief terence avoided? END
START where was no school of thought taken seriously? END
START  closer examination of what information allowed for further progress in scientific knowledge? END
START who felt that looking to these ancient documents for new ideas was not the way to mover forward? END
START what group was neutral about this issue as they felt the subject unimportant?  END
START  when did even the scholars and professors began to at least end to examine the works of aristotle? END
START what information allowed for less progress in scientific knowledge? END
START who felt that looking to these ancient documents for new ideas was the best way to move forward? END
START what group was neutral about this issue as they felt the subject too important? END
START who was always interested in scientific innovation? END
START who was forbidden to develop science? END
START who felt that the further examination and knowledge of studies in the arena of humanism could further art? END
START who helped to further the movement away from scholasticism of the time? END
START where did this initiate? END
START what type of philosophy was essential to this forwarding of thought? END
START who felt that the further examination and knowledge of studies in the arena of humanism could limit art? END
START who helped to further the movement closer to scholasticism of the time? END
START what type of philosophy was unessential to this forwarding of thought? END
START who was the most famous humanist? END
START who was able to reconcile their religious beliefs with those of humanism? END
START what phrase that has come to be associated with a lack of faith was not seen as an issue for christians? END
START during what time period did secular have a more neutral connotation? END
START petrarch felt that although he tried to do his own form of good whose life may have more meaning? END
START who was unable to reconcile their religious beliefs with those of humanism? END
START what phrase that has come to be associated with a lack of faith was seen as an issue for christians? END
START what time period did secular have an ultra-positive connotation? END
START who did petrarch feel superior to in every possible way? END
START what had a positive effect on established authority? END
START what abolitionist was greatly affected by the writings of comte? END
START what type of idea did he pose which was focused on facets of humanism? END
START what main idea did the english believers of comte's philosophy take from his writings? END
START what currently used word was based in ideas from this philosopher? END
START what abolitionist was barely affected by the writings of comte? END
START what type of idea did he reject which was focused on facets of humanism? END
START what main idea did the english believers of comte's philosophy ban from his writings? END
START what formerly used word was based in ideas from this philosopher? END
START what 19th century author associated his works with humanism? END
START when was the first public group for humanist founded? END
START who created this group? END
START when did charles potter and clara potter publish their first writings on humanism? END
START what 15th century author associated his works with humanism? END
START when was the worst public group for humanists founded? END
START who destroyed the first humanist society of new york? END
START when did charles potter and clara potter hide their first writings on humanism? END
START who burned every copy of the book humanism: a new religion? END
START who wotked with carl rogers on humanistic phycology? END
START what is human phycology? END
START in what century did humanistic phycology rise in prominence? END
START they introduced it in response to what? END
START who worked with carl rogers on animal psychology? END
START what does humanistic psychology seek to misunderstand? END
START what century did humanistic psychology lose popularity? END
START what philosophies are now discredited? END
START who was not accepted in their pursuits of psychoanalysis? END
START who became responsible in part for the editing of the new humanist? END
START what groups thoughts did he seek to include? END
START what was the name of the material that was produced from this groups and the opinions of others? END
START how many cornerstones of this new way of thinking or religion were presented> END
START who became responsible for the stealing of the new humanist? END
START what groups thoughts did he seek to exclude? END
START what was the name of the material that was destroyed by this group and the opinions of others? END
START what year was the humanist manifesto lost forever? END
START what was the main action of humanism during the renaissance> END
START when did a new term for those who followed humanism emerge? END
START what was the new term for believers of humanism philosophy? END
START where was one main concentration of humanism? END
START what was the main enemy of humanism during the renaissance? END
START when did a new term for those who followed humanism become impossible? END
START what was the unrecognized term for believers of humanism philosophy? END
START where was there no concentration of humanism? END
START what type of philosophy was never taken seriously? END
START what was it about the utilitatian beliefs that humanism believers did not like? END
START what group that had been to this point neglected was included in this thought? END
START what foundation of study allowed for the accomplishment of the goal of a scholarly people? END
START was the humanism of the time limited to scholars? END
START what was it about the utilitarian beliefs that humanism believers loved? END
START what foundation of study restricted the accomplishment of the goal of a scholarly people? END
START what was the least pervasive cultural mode? END
START who disliked women the most? END
START who was considered an isolated imbecile? END
START what is contemporary humanism optimistic about? END
START what is the main goal of humanism optimistic? END
START what is human flourishing? END
START what doesnt conetemporary humanism  believe about human nature? END
START what is contemporary humanism upset about? END
START what is the lowest goal of humanism? END
START what is human flourishing against? END
START what doesn't contemporary humanism forget about human nature being? END
START what english mathematician had no interest in philosophy? END
START what was included in religious humanism that was similiar to other religion? END
START when did practicers of religious humanism form under the name humanism? END
START who founded a religion whose cornerstone was deism? END
START during what time was a religious state replaced in the notre dame cathedral with a symbol of humanism? END
START what was excluded in religious humanism that was similiar to other religion? END
START when did practicers of religious humanism stop the name humanism? END
START who eliminated a religion whose cornerstone was deism? END
START what time was a religious state replaced in the notre dame cathedral with a symbol of atheism? END
START what couldn't replace the virgin mary on any altars? END
START who was one early naysayer of humanism? END
START what was the main reason they disagreed with the beliefs? END
START who stated humanism creates of people placeholder? END
START who stated that this argument was in fact support of humanism? END
START who was the last naysayer of humanism? END
START what was the main reason they agreed with the beliefs? END
START who was against humanism the most? END
START who had no interest in discussing humanism? END
START in what year was the book humanism published? END
START in what century was the horrific wars? END
START what is the only alternative to bigotry and persecution on many occasions? END
START who wrote the book humanism? END
START what year was the book humanism forgotten? END
START what century had no wars? END
START what is the only alternative to compassion and empathy on many occasions? END
START who destroyed the book humanism? END
START what did the russian philosopher heidegger consider himself on the model of the ancient greeks? END
START what allowed for a deeper understanding and personal exploration of older philosophers theories? END
START who were the humanists in agreement with about using these manuscripts in their quests for pure christian living? END
START who was the most influential supporter of the ideals of terence? END
START who quoted the line of terence most notably? END
START what allowed for a more shallow understanding and personal exploration of older philosophers theories? END
START who were the humanists in disagreement with about using these manuscripts in their quests for pure christian living? END
START who was the least influential supporter of the ideals of terence? END
START who couldn't quote a line of terence? END
START what principle had no applications? END
START what writing was considered a bridge between two other major writings? END
START which century was the first writing from? END
START who states imply that humans are their own gods? END
START what was the origin of the second writing? END
START what writing was considered a barrier between two other major writings? END
START which century was the only writing from? END
START what was the enemy of the second writing? END
START who disagreed with the statement "homo homini deus est"? END
START the initial state of earth was what? END
START what formed on the outside of the earth after it cooled? END
START how does the mass of the moon compare to earth? END
START what created a primordial atmosphere on earth? END
START ice from what source helped to create earths oceans? END
START what caused the earths early crust to become molten? END
START what cooled allowing water to collect? END
START what happened when water started to accumulate on the surface? END
START what caused a piece of the earth to break of and form the moon? END
START how does the mass of the moon compare to the earths mass? END
START powerful volcanism contributed to cause early earth to be in what state? END
START what occurred in the atmosphere of the earth after the crust was formed? END
START what size of object may have created the moon? END
START when water was creating the oceans what was happening to atmospheric water vapor? END
START what formed as water accumulated? END
START what cused the earths solid crust to become molten? END
START how does the mass of the moon compare to the mass of the earth? END
START what broke away a piece of the earth to form the moon? END
START what caused water vapor to evaporate? END
START during what time period was the archean era? END
START during what period did the earths crust cooling allow the creation of plates? END
START it is believed that a very warm earth would lead to more recycling of what? END
START what might have a very hot earth stopped from occurring? END
START what do some believe accounts for the small amount of archean rocks? END
START during what period did tectonic activity become like it is today? END
START what happened as the earth's crust cooled following the archean period? END
START what do scientist think was made more vigerous by the earth's cooling? END
START what was recycled more as the earth cooled? END
START what are archean rocks composed of, in general? END
START what type of formation is indicated by low and high grade metamorphic rocks? END
START from where did high grade archean rocks originate? END
START low grade metamorphic rocks are composed of what, generally? END
START what is a greenstone belt? END
START what kind od sediments where proterozoic rocks made from? END
START what kind od belts often formed during the proterozoic period? END
START what single type of rock formed greenstone belts? END
START what kind of volcanic rock formed low-density metamorphic rock? END
START what kind of sediment formed high-density metamorphic rock? END
START during what time period did the proterozoic era occur? END
START what era came before the proterozoic era? END
START in what type of sea did typical proterozoic geology come to be? END
START what type of continental behavior was unique to the proterozoic? END
START what is the name for the large super continent that broke apart 750 million years ago? END
START what period has a more complete geological record than the proterozoic? END
START what was layed down in deep seas during the proterozoic period? END
START what was made in shallow seas during the archean period? END
START what type of continental behavior was a unique to the archean period? END
START what broke apart 750 million years ago and was called pannotia? END
START during what period was the paleozoic era? END
START how many periods of geology are within the paleozoic era? END
START the permian is an example of what? END
START after what continental event did the paleozoic begin? END
START what continent was formed at the end of the paleozoic? END
START what period ended 541 million years ago? END
START what period started right before the breakup of pannotia? END
START what was the scope of the ice age that began at the same time as the paleozoic period? END
START what was the name of the superconinent that formed at the begining of the paleozoic? END
START what did pangea break into at the end of the paleozoic? END
START at what rough time did the cambrian era start? END
START what were the continents of the cambrian area believed to have formerly been a part of? END
START what continent moved to the southern-most part of the earth in the cambrian era? END
START what continent ranged over the majority of the southern hemisphere of earth in the cambrian? END
START baltica and sibera are examples of what thing, during the cambrian era? END
START what period is a minor division in the geologic timescale? END
START what supercontinent was formed from the coninents of the cambrian? END
START during what period were the oceans widespread and deep? END
START what drift rates were high during the cambrian? END
START when did pannotia begin to drift towards the south pole? END
START how long ago did the ordovician period begin? END
START which event precipitated the ordovician period? END
START what was the name of the large southernmost continent during the ordovician? END
START which ocean decreased in size with the movement of baltica in the ordovician? END
START what continent fractured off gondwana in the direction of laurentia? END
START what was the name of the period that ended with a major extinction event? END
START what extinction event occured at the end of the ordocician period? END
START when was the extinction event that ended the ordovician period? END
START what contenent formed several southern coninents during the ordovician? END
START what continent drifted from the south pole to the equator? END
START what type of climate was normal in the ordovician period? END
START what ice age signaled the end of the normal climate in the ordovician period? END
START oxygen from what kind of fossil were used to date the hirnantian faunal stage? END
START how many years is the hirnantian faunal stage believed to have lasted? END
START what started to develop on gondwana as it moved over the south pole? END
START what faunel stage triggered the greenhouse conditions of the ordovician? END
START what showed that the ice age lasted longer than originally thought? END
START what is know believed to have lasted more than 1.5 million years? END
START what levels rose in the atmosphere prior to the ice age? END
START where where the oranisms laffected byrisingcarbon dioxide levels? END
START when was the silurian period believed to have begun? END
START compared to the ordovician glaciation, how big were the ice caps on gondwana during the silurian? END
START what did the melting of ice on gondwana add to? END
START which supercontinent formed during the silurian? END
START which ocean ranged the majority of the northern hemisphere in the silurian period? END
START what continent continued to drift northward during the silurian? END
START what was more extensive compared to the ordovician glaciations? END
START what lead to a rise in sea levels during the ordovician? END
START what was formed from euramerica breaking up? END
START what large ocean covered most of the southern hemisphere? END
START during what time period was the devonian era? END
START which continent was formed from the meeting of laurentia and baltica? END
START which sedimentary beds were created in the dry areas of euramerica in the devonian period? END
START which mountains associated with the usa were formed near the equator on  pangaea during the devonian? END
START what was the largest ocean referred to that existed in the devonian period? END
START what kind of activity decreased during the devonian? END
START what two continents where moving away from each other during devonian? END
START what continent was formed when laurasia and gondwanna colided? END
START what type od seimentary beds formed in the desert along the tropic of capricorn? END
START what was shallow arounfd the world? END
START what occurred to the level of the sea when the devonian period was finished? END
START during which period were epicontinental seas created? END
START what was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period? END
START what was the result in the decline in sea level in the middle of the carboniferous period? END
START the pennsylvania period is separated by the drop in carboniferous era sea levels from what other period? END
START what dropped world wide at the begining of the devonian? END
START how widespread was the drop in sea llevel in the carboniferous? END
START what temperatures dropped during the devonian? END
START what region was deeply impacted by the conditions of the carboniferous? END
START what could be found just north of the glacerers  END
START what geologic events took place when pangea combined during the carboniferous? END
START what was the continent that came to be north america and europe called during the carboniferous? END
START what was the effect of laurussia impacting gondwana in north america? END
START the mountains forming to the southwest of the appalachians in the carboniferous are known as what? END
START which two large oceans existed during the carboniferous period? END
START what was formed as the southern coninents came together? END
START what did pangea collide with? END
START what did the collision of pangea cause to mountains in north america? END
START what did the collision with pangea create in europe? END
START what major oceans were shrinking in the carboniferous? END
START what supercontinent prevailed during the permian era? END
START what was the largest ocean during the permian called? END
START there was an ocean between gondwana and asia in the permian, what was it? END
START the moving of which continent contributed to the decrease in size of the paleo-tethys? END
START during which period was the tehtys ocean dominant? END
START what supercontinent did asia join in the permian? END
START wat continent stradled the south pole and extended towards the equator? END
START what coninent drifted away from laurasia and towards gondwana? END
START what continents movement decreased the size of the paleo-tethys END
START which ocean name is translated to mean "all the sea?" END
START what process obscures information aboutt he ocean during the triassic period from inspection? END
START what was occurring to pangaea in the late triassic? END
START which sediements in the us are an indication of the break up of pangaea? END
START what type of terrestrial animals are found from the triassic period? END
START what can still be found in the deep-sea from the trissic? END
START what continent ripped apart during the triassic? END
START what indicates when new jersy seperated from rhode island? END
START what stratigraphy is mostly based on non-saline organisms? END
START during what years was the jurassic period? END
START which supercontinent came apart in the jurassic period? END
START the gulf of mexico formed in the rift between north america and what other land mass? END
START at what point did the south atlantic ocean begin to open? END
START which late jurassic cultural sites are famous in europe? END
START what did laurasia and gondwana  form during the jurassic period? END
START what north ocean was broad in the jurassic period? END
START what ocean closed during the cretaceous? END
START what left marine deposits in the plains of south america? END
START what geological record is poot in europe? END
START the current continents were formerly known as what continent? END
START which oregenies followed the nevadan in the cretaceous? END
START south america was formerly which continent? END
START the rifting in the cretaceous had what result on the oceans? END
START antarctica was a part of what supercontinent? END
START during what periods did pangaea come together? END
START which oregenies followed the nevaden in the early mesozoic? END
START what supercontinent stayed intact during the cretaceous? END
START what lowered eustatic sea levels? END
START during the height of the cretaceous transgression how much of the earths land mass was under water? END
START what type of rock was the cretaceous notable for forming the most amount of? END
START the cretaceous is a part of which geologic era? END
START where can one find the smoky hill chalk member? END
START where are the deccan traps? END
START what sea north of africa coninued to broaden? END
START early in what period did the sea recede across central north america? END
START the phanerozoic is part of what geological era? END
START what famouse lava beds are found in europe? END
START how many years long was the cenozoic era? END
START which extinction marked the beginning of the cenozoic era? END
START what geologic period are we in currently? END
START at the end of which era had the continents taken roughly their current shape? END
START the collision of the indian sub continent and the asian plate created which mountain range? END
START what era precedes the cretaceous-paleogene extinction event? END
START what extinction event ended the cenozoic era? END
START what were still grouped together by the end of the mesozoic? END
START what sea opened near africa? END
START how many continents did laurasia break into? END
START in the paleocene period greenland was joined to which continent? END
START what mountain chain in the cretaceous was lifted as a result of the laramide oregeny? END
START in which period did north and south america join? END
START which ocean was closed when africa moved northward during the paleocene? END
START when did the cretaceous processes begin? END
START what stopped drifting during the paleocene? END
START what supercontinent seperated into three during the paleocene? END
START what connected europe and greenland? END
START what did asia migrate towards? END
START during what years did the eocene period take place? END
START australia was connected to which other continent at the start of the eocene? END
START how long ago did antarctica and australia split? END
START around how many years ago is the current ice age pattern believed to have begun? END
START the mixing of equatorial currents with antarctic waters in the eocene resulted in what? END
START what reached their final positions during the eocene? END
START what was australia seperated from at the begining of the eocene? END
START what pattern ended 45 million years ago  END
START what steared warm waters towards the artic? END
START during which period did mountains form in the western part of north america? END
START what began to form in the flat basins in north america during the eocene? END
START in the eocene, in europe, which sea ceased to be? END
START the mediterranean sea is a remaining part of which sea from the eocene? END
START which oregeny was created when india collided with asia? END
START what three continent drifted together forming laurasia during then eocene? END
START what formed in the low basins of europe? END
START what sea opened up? END
START what sea was created by the alps? END
START what two coninents developed vastly differen fauna? END
START what permanent structure formed on antarctica? END
START the lift of which mountain range in europe was the result of the african plate moving north into the eurasian? END
START during what period was there a land bridge joining europe and north america? END
START in the oligocene period south america broke free from what other continent? END
START which current resulted in the cooling of antarctica? END
START what semi-perminant feature developed in antarctica? END
START where did mountain building stop? END
START what plate was pushing south creating the alps? END
START what incursion marked the end of oligocene? END
START what slowed down the antarctic circumpolar current? END
START the formation of which mountain range was the result of of what zone along the pacific ocean side of south america? END
START which continent was india colliding with in the miocene? END
START when africa was colliding with eurasia which seaway ceased to be during the miocene? END
START between what period of time did the tethys disappear? END
START which crisis occured towards the end of the miocene period? END
START what bridge was present during the miocene? END
START what seaway opened as africa collided with eurasia? END
START when did the tethys seaway open? END
START what caused rain to increase in the mediterranean END
START what is the link between north and south america called? END
START in which period did north and south america become linked? END
START the pliocene saw the end of what fauna in south america? END
START the mediterranean was created by the collision of europe and what? END
START what period came after the pliocene? END
START what completely ended south america's marsupial faunas? END
START what formed to linked north and south america in the quaternary period? END
START what began at the with the pilocene? END
START how often does the cycle of rising sea levels repeat? END
START how long ago did the last glacial period end? END
START by what height did sea levels rise at the end of the last glacial period? END
START during what period did sea levels rice 115 feet? END
START glaciars from what period depressed the height of northern lands by 591 feet? END
START what sea did the hudson bay used to be a part of? END
START when did the last glacial period begin? END
START what caused sea levelsw to rise 115 meters? END
START during what period did the height of the northern lands rise 591 feet? END
START what sea is the hudson bay part of? END
START what does the state want a police force to do? END
START what are gendarmerie? END
START what are police usually separate from? END
START what does the state want a police force not to do? END
START what does the president want a police force to do? END
START what aren't gendarmerie? END
START what are police usually together with? END
START what are police never separate from? END
START how are police usually paid? END
START what kind of service are police? END
START when were police used to protect the class system? END
START what problem do many police forces have? END
START how are police never paid? END
START what kind of service aren't police? END
START when aren't police used to protect the class system? END
START what asset do many police forces have? END
START when were police used to protect the civilian system? END
START which chinese kingdoms developed law enforcement? END
START what period was the chu kingdom in? END
START what period was the jin kingdom in? END
START which countries adopted the 'prefecture system' from china? END
START what did ancient china call its police? END
START which japanese kingdoms developed law enforcement? END
START what period was the chu kingdom not in? END
START what period was the chin kingdom in? END
START which countries never adopted the 'prefecture system' from china? END
START what did modern china call its police? END
START what war ended in 1479? END
START who formed spain's first national police force? END
START what was spain's first national police force called, in spanish? END
START what does santa hermandad mean? END
START when did spain suppress local police units? END
START what war ended in 1497? END
START who formed spain's last national police force? END
START what was spain's second national police force called, in spanish? END
START what doesn't santa hermandad mean? END
START when did spain empower local police units? END
START which two entities in medieval france had police duties? END
START how were the marshal and constable of france formally classified? END
START what was the marshal's force called? END
START what was the constable's force called, in english? END
START what was the constable's force called, in french? END
START which two entities in medieval france didn't have police duties? END
START how were the marshal and constable of france informally classified? END
START what was the marshal's peace corps called? END
START what was the captain's force called, in english? END
START what was the constable's force not called, in french? END
START in what year did paris get a police force? END
START who created paris's police force? END
START what was the largest european city in 1667? END
START what was the title of the head of paris's police, in english? END
START what was the title of the head of paris's police, in french? END
START in what year did paris not get a police force? END
START who never created paris's police force? END
START what was the smallest european city in 1667? END
START what was the largest european city in 1676? END
START what was the title of the bottom of paris's police, in english? END
START who was paris's first head of police? END
START how many commissioners worked under reynie? END
START how many policing districts was paris divided into? END
START when was paris's police system expanded to the rest of france? END
START when were police inspectors added to paris's police? END
START who was paris's last head of police? END
START how many commissioners worked above reynie? END
START how many policing districts was france divided into? END
START when was paris's police system contracted to disclude rest of france? END
START when were police inspectors subtracted from paris's police? END
START when did the french language adopt the word 'police'? END
START what language did french borrow the word 'police' from? END
START which dictionary said police were 'a symbol of foreign oppression'? END
START when were the marine police created in the uk? END
START what was the first use of 'police' in the uk? END
START when did the english language adopt the word 'police'? END
START what language did french not borrow the word 'police' from? END
START which dictionary said police were 'a symbol of local oppression'? END
START when were the marine police created in france? END
START what was the last use of 'police' in the uk? END
START who convinced the west indies merchants in london to establish police? END
START when did the west indies merchants in london create a police force? END
START where did the west indies merchants in london create a police force? END
START how much cargo had been being stolen from west indies merchants in london each year? END
START how did colquhoun praise the french police? END
START who convinced the east indies merchants in london to establish police? END
START when did the west indies merchants in london destroy a police force? END
START where did the east indies merchants in london create a police force? END
START how much cargo had been given from west indies merchants in london each year? END
START how did colquhoun reject the french police? END
START what was the initial size of the thames river police force? END
START how many dock workers were the thames river police policing? END
START how many dock workers did colquhoun say were criminals? END
START how much cargo theft did the thames river police prevent in its first year? END
START when was the thames river police made a public service? END
START what was the final size of the thames river police force? END
START how many deck workers were the thames river police policing? END
START how many dock workers did colquhoun say weren't criminals? END
START how much cargo theft did the thames river police allow in its first year? END
START when was the thames river police made a private service? END
START who started the bow street detectives? END
START how did the bow street group pay their employees? END
START how did the thames river police pay their employees? END
START who came up with the concept of the 'new' police? END
START what schedule did the thames river police employees work? END
START who fired the bow street detectives? END
START how did the bow street group get paid by their employees? END
START how did the james river police pay their employees? END
START who rejected the concept of the 'new' police? END
START what schedule did the thames river police employees not work? END
START which law established glasgow's police? END
START when was glasgow's police force established? END
START which law established ireland's police? END
START when was ireland's police force established? END
START what was ireland's police force called? END
START which law abolished glasgow's police? END
START when was glasgow's police force abolished? END
START which law fired ireland's police? END
START when was ireland's police force abolished? END
START what was ireland's police force not called? END
START who was the 'father of modern policing'? END
START whose philosophy influenced peel? END
START what political position did bentham think police should have? END
START how did peel standardize police? END
START how did peel organize police? END
START who was the 'mother of modern policing'? END
START whose philosophy repelled peel? END
START what political position did bentham think police shouldn't have? END
START how did peel specialize police? END
START how did peel disorganize police? END
START when was the metropolitan police act passed? END
START what did the metropolitan police act say police were a subset of? END
START where was the 'continental model' of police from? END
START what part of the government did french police work under? END
START when was the metropolitan police act rejected? END
START what did the metropolitan police act say police weren't a subset of? END
START where was the 'intercontinental model' of police from? END
START where wasn't the 'continental model' of police from? END
START what part of the government did english police work under? END
START when did rio get its first police investigator? END
START how had the rio police grown by the 17th century? END
START when did minas gerais get a cavalry regiment? END
START where did the portuguese royal family move in 1808? END
START who invaded portugal in 1808? END
START when did rio get its first police inspector? END
START how had the rio police grown by the 16th century? END
START when didn't minas gerais get a cavalry regiment? END
START where did the portuguese royal family move in 1880? END
START who supported portugal in 1808? END
START when did canada get its first police? END
START what was canada's first police force? END
START when was the toronto police created? END
START when was the montreal police created? END
START when were the first mounties created? END
START when did canada get its last police? END
START what wasn't canada's first police force? END
START when was the toronto police destroyed? END
START when was the montreal police not created? END
START when were the first mounties destroyed? END
START what were the old west's local police options? END
START which military branch helped the old west's inadequate local police? END
START which private contractor acted as police for businesses? END
START which military branch did the pinkertons exceed at their height? END
START what were the new west's local police options? END
START what were the old west's national police options? END
START which military branch fought the old west's inadequate local police? END
START which public contractor acted as police for businesses? END
START which military branch did the pinkertons never exceed at their height? END
START which countries' scholars developed the contemporary police concept? END
START who wrote the 'treatise on the police'? END
START what was the 'treatise on the police' called in french? END
START when was the 'treatise on the police' published? END
START what was von hornigk's career? END
START which countries' scholars rejected the contemporary police concept? END
START who co-wrote the 'treatise on the police'? END
START what wasn't the 'treatise on the police' called in french? END
START when was the 'treatise on the police' abolished? END
START what wasn't von hornigk's career? END
START who wrote about polizeiwissenschaft? END
START how did foucault describe the social duty of police? END
START which economic theory did foucault say supported the police? END
START why did the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning? END
START who never wrote about polizeiwissenschaft? END
START how did foucault describe the social duty of army? END
START which economic theory did foucault say rejected the police? END
START which biology theory did foucault say supported the police? END
START why didn't the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning? END
START who wrote 'preventive police'? END
START when was 'preventive police' published? END
START where was 'preventive police' published? END
START what did chadwick say police should be focused on? END
START what was the alternative to prevention? END
START who co-wrote 'preventive police'? END
START when was 'preventive police' not published? END
START where was 'preventive police' unpublished? END
START what did chadwick say police shouldn't be focused on? END
START what was the same as prevention? END
START what do some police departments make detectives go back to periodically? END
START where do some think the most important police work happens? END
START how do patrol officers affect crime? END
START what do some police departments make detectives never go back to? END
START what do all police departments make detectives go back to periodically? END
START where do all think the most important police work happens? END
START where do some think the most minor police work happens? END
START how do patrol officers ignore crime? END
START when did nadelmann write about global policing? END
START when did sheptycki write about global policing? END
START what terms have been used to describe policing beyond one country? END
START when didb't nadelmann write about global policing? END
START when did nadelmann write about local policing? END
START when didn't sheptycki write about global policing? END
START when did sheptycki write about local policing? END
START what terms haven't been used to describe policing beyond one country? END
START when did deflem write about cross-border policing? END
START what groups did european police work against across borders in the 19th century? END
START which police force monitored karl marx? END
START what international police agency was created before ww2? END
START in what era did cross-border policing increase? END
START when did deflem write about in-border policing? END
START what groups did european police work against across borders in the 18th century? END
START which police force ignored karl marx? END
START what national police agency was created before ww2? END
START in what era did cross-border policing decrease? END
START where did sheptycki study police cooperation? END
START when did sheptycki write about police cooperation? END
START when did the channel region establish routine cross-border policing? END
START when was the schengen treaty signed? END
START what did the schengen treaty do for policing? END
START where did sheptycki study police interigation? END
START where didn't sheptycki study police cooperation? END
START when didn't sheptycki write about police cooperation? END
START when did the channel region reject routine cross-border policing? END
START when was the schengen treaty rejected? END
START where has cross-border policing been most under-studied? END
START who compared transnational police information and intelligence sharing practices? END
START what kind of policing has become common practice? END
START what problems did sheptycki say 'organizational pathologies' have caused for police? END
START what paradox did sheptycki point out? END
START where has cross-border policing been least under-studied? END
START where has cross-border policing been most over-studied? END
START what kind of policing has become rare practice? END
START what problems did sheptycki say 'organizational pathologies' haven't caused for police? END
START what paradox did sheptycki ignore? END
START where has transnational policing become more important? END
START what kind of countries get assistance with policing? END
START who wrote about police development-aid in 2007? END
START what concern did hills raise about police models? END
START what concern did hills raise about power imbalances? END
START where has transnational policing become less important? END
START what kind of countries get no assistance with policing? END
START who wrote about police development-aid in 2006? END
START what concern did hills ignore about police models? END
START what concern did hills ignore about power imbalances? END
START who wrote the global accountability report for 2007? END
START what is the least-accountable igo? END
START how accountable is interpol? END
START why is transnational policing so unaccountable? END
START who wrote the local accountability report for 2007? END
START what is the most-accountable igo? END
START how unaccountable is interpol? END
START why is transnational policing so accountable? END
START why isn't transnational policing so unaccountable? END
START what should non-lethal weapons properly be called? END
START what are common less-lethal weapons? END
START what is supposed to be the last resort for police? END
START what is south africa's "shoot-to-kill" policy? END
START where can police shoot fleeing convicts? END
START what should lethal weapons properly be called? END
START what are uncommon less-lethal weapons? END
START what is supposed to be the first resort for police? END
START what is north africa's "shoot-to-kill" policy? END
START where can't police shoot fleeing convicts? END
START how do modern police often communicate? END
START where do police have radios? END
START why do police use radios? END
START what have computers in police cars enabled for investigation? END
START what have computers in police cars enabled for reporting? END
START how do modern police never communicate? END
START where don't police have radios? END
START why don't police use radios? END
START what have computers in police cars enabled for investigation? END
START what have computers in police cars disbled for reporting? END
START when do police often use unmarked cars? END
START what use of unmarked cars is controversial? END
START when did new york state ban unmarked cars for traffic cops? END
START why did new york state ban unmarked cars for traffic cops? END
START when do police often use marked cars? END
START what use of unmarked cars isn't controversial? END
START when did new york state ban marked cars for traffic cops? END
START why did new york state allow unmarked cars for traffic cops? END
START why did new york state ban marked cars for traffic cops? END
START why do some cops use bicycles to patrol? END
START how do bicycles help catch some suspects? END
START what do police use to control motorcyclist events? END
START why do all cops use bicycles to patrol? END
START why do some cops use motorcycles to patrol? END
START how do bicycles help catch some police officers? END
START how don't bicycles help catch some suspects? END
START what don't police use to control motorcyclist events? END
START who introduced education requirements for us police? END
START who was o.w. wilson a student of? END
START where did wilson reduce police corruption? END
START why did wilson rotate officers between communities? END
START how did wilson recruit more qualified police? END
START who never introduced education requirements for us police? END
START who was w.o. wilson a student of? END
START where did wilson increase police corruption? END
START why did wilson rotate officers between communities? END
START how did wilson recruit more unqualified police? END
START what does miranda provide? END
START what does the 5th amendment protect against? END
START which amendment prevents self-incrimination? END
START what does miranda not provide? END
START what doesn't miranda provide? END
START what does the 5th amendment not protect against? END
START what doesn't the 5th amendment protect against? END
START which amendment doesn't prevent self-incrimination? END
START when was the terry v. ohio case? END
START which two parts did terry v. ohio divide seizure into? END
START what is an investigatory stop's search limited to? END
START when was the sherry v. ohio case? END
START when was the terry v. new york case? END
START which two parts didn't terry v. ohio divide seizure into? END
START what is an investigatory start's search limited to? END
START what is an investigatory stop's search unlimited to? END
START what is the legal status of uk police officers? END
START what can only inspector-ranked uk officers do? END
START what can only superintendent-ranked uk officers do? END
START what powers of a new uk police officer are the same as a commissioner's? END
START what is the illegal status of uk police officers? END
START what is the legal status of un police officers? END
START what can all uk officers do? END
START what can't only superintendent-ranked uk officers do? END
START what powers of an old uk police officer are the same as a commissioner's? END
START why do some police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders? END
START what could be impeded without police interference? END
START how could police help the owner when a restaurant guest doesn't pay because their wallet got stolen? END
START why do all police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders? END
START why do some police acts limit when police can aid without court orders? END
START what could be unimpeded without police interference? END
START what couldn't be impeded without police interference? END
START how couldn't police help the owner when a restaurant guest doesn't pay because their wallet got stolen? END
START the word "genocide" was unknown until what year? END
START in 1941, how did winston churchill refer to the mass killings of russian prisoners of war? END
START what was the name of the polish-jewish lawyer who first described nazi atrocities as "genocide?"  END
START what is the etymological basis of the word "genocide?" END
START as it pertains to violent crimes against targeted groups, what is the ultimate motivation within the actions of genocide? END
START when was the word "genocide" last used? END
START who never used the term "genocide"? END
START who referred to acts of genocide in 1945? END
START what year was the word "genocide" known until? END
START what is defined as a specific set of violent crimes that are committed against a certain group with the attempt to remove the entire group from existence or to increase them? END
START when was the phrase "prisoners of war" first used? END
START what is the definition of "prisoners of war"? END
START who coined the phrase "prisoners of war"? END
START the phrase "prisoners of war" was unknown until what year? END
START in 1941, how did raphael lemkin refer to the mass killings of russian prisoners of war? END
START prior to being a formal legal term, how was the word "genocide" used in an indictment scenario? END
START who ultimately defined genocide as a series of strategies leading up to the annihilation of an entire group? END
START lemming's concept of genocide triggered legal action in which realm? END
START what was the nationality of anthropologist peg levine? END
START what relative term did levine coin to refer to cultural destruction, without the death of its members? END
START who ultimately defined genocide as a strategy leading up to the war of an entire group? END
START what term was coined to describe the increase of culture? END
START what kind of scienctist was ignored by peg levine? END
START what elements of group existence, other than people themselves, can never be targets of genocide? END
START how was the word "genocide" forbidden to be used in an indictment scenario? END
START who ultimately defined genocide as a series of strategies leading up to the annihilation of indictment? END
START lemming's concept of genocide triggered cultural identity in what realm? END
START prior to being a formal legal term, how was the word "society" used in an indictment scenario? END
START what was the nationality of anthropologist lemming? END
START what term was coined to describe the destruction of basic existence? END
START what has been the primary focus in the study of genocide? END
START in prosecuting genocide, what must the act be formally acknowledged as? END
START in a general aspect, what is genocide viewed as? END
START in trials of genocidal crimes, what responsibly party is difficult to prosecute?  END
START long before genocide was established as a legal term, what treaty was in place to protect various groups from persecution and mass killings? END
START what has been the lesser focus in the study of genocide? END
START why is genocide often punished? END
START what year was the peace of westphalia signed for the second time? END
START what is genocide not viewed as? END
START who was the peace of westphalia designed to eliminate? END
START in trials of legal crimes, what responsibly party is difficult to prosecute? END
START long before genocide was established as a legal term, what treaty was in place to protect the military? END
START in prosecuting the military, what must the act be formally acknowledged as? END
START what has been the primary focus in the study of the military? END
START in a general aspect, what is the military viewed as? END
START in which war-era country was the holocaust immortalized?  END
START following world war ii, whose bid was successful in establishing the worldwide acceptance and the nascent legal definition of genocide? END
START which group convened officially for the first time in 1946? END
START while recognizing genocide, what did the un general assembly fail to do in its resolution? END
START in 1948, what general assembly resolution established genocide as a prosecutable act?  END
START whose bid was not successful in establishing the worldwide acceptance and the nascent legal definition of genocide? END
START what did the un general assembly do in its resolution? END
START what general assembly resolution never established genocide as a prosecutable act? END
START which war-era country was the holocaust mortalized? END
START which group convened officially for the first time in 1948? END
START following world war ii, whose bid was successful in the crime of genocide? END
START while recognizing genocide, what did nazi germany fail to do in its resolution? END
START in 1948, what general assembly resolution established universal acceptance as a prosecutable act? END
START in which war-era country was the cppcg immortalized? END
START which group eonvene officially for the first time in 1948? END
START which provision was initially included in the first write-up of the convention and then removed? END
START what is one of the countries that objected to the inclusion of political killings in the early version of the convention? END
START what atrocity motivated a self-serving ussr to object to the provision of political killings drafted into the convention? END
START what was the primary concern of other nations who objected to including political groups in the definition of genocide? END
START which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries opposed to including political genocide in the convention? END
START which provision was not initially included in the first write-up of the convention and then removed? END
START what is one of the countries that supported the inclusion of political killings in the early version of the convention? END
START which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries supporting including political genocide in the convention? END
START what atrocity motivated a self-serving ussr to support the provision of political killings drafted into the convention? END
START which provision was initially included in the first write-up of the jewish congress and then removed? END
START what is one of the countries that objected to the inclusion of political killings in the early version of the world jewish congress? END
START what atrocity motivated a self-serving ussr to object to the provision of machination drafted into the convention? END
START what was the primary concern of other nations who objected to including political groups in the definition of examination? END
START which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries opposed to including examination in the convention? END
START in 2007 what former case did the european court of human rights draw on to further refine qualifiers of genocide? END
START which group was accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining genocide? END
START what form of destruction was considered too limited by a smaller group of experts? END
START what groups did the echr feel should be included as potential victims of genocide? END
START what former case did the european court of human rights draw on in 2002 to further refine qualifiers of genocide? END
START which group was not accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining genocide? END
START what form of destruction was considered  unlimited by a smaller group of experts? END
START what groups did the echr feel should not be included as potential victims of genocide? END
START in 2007 what former case did the euopean court of human rights draw onto further refine qualifiers of cppcg? END
START which group was accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining cppcg? END
START what form of destruction was considered too limited by the germany? END
START what groups did the echr feel should be included as potential victims of cppcg? END
START when did the majority of legal scholars take a narrow view on genocide? END
START in its preparations, what was the source of other considerations by the echr? END
START two bodies of the united nations agreed with what restricted provision in defining genocide? END
START which country's courts were noted by the echr for taking a wider stance on provisions of genocide laws? END
START the echr found most states to have largely undefined definitions of group destruction, despite what factor? END
START a definition of what, by the states, was necessary to preserve and expand genocidal law? END
START in its preparations, what was the source of other considerations by the international court of justice? END
START on what restricted provision in defining municipal laws did two bodies of the united nations agree? END
START which country's courts were noted by the echr for taking a wider stance on provisions of municipal laws? END
START the echr found most states to have largely undefined definitions of courts, despite what factor? END
START a definition of what, by the states, was necessary to preserve and expand municipal law? END
START which phrase is especially contentious within international humanitarian law? END
START what 2001 case was declared genocide by the international criminal tribune for the former yugoslavia (icty)? END
START in the judgement, it is stated that the aim of the genocide convention, at its most simplest, is preventing the destruction of which victims? END
START in addressing the issue of "in part," the appeals chamber found that the part must be a substantial part of what? END
START who contributed to guiding the appeals chamber in its conclusion? END
START which phrase is especially contentious within human groups? END
START what 2001 case was declared genocide by humanitarian law? END
START in the judgement, it is stated that the aim of the genocide convention, at its most simplest, is preventing the opinions of which victims? END
START what did the itcy find that the part must be a substantial part of while addressing the issue of "in part"? END
START who contributed to guiding the icty in its conclusion? END
START several considerations were involved in meeting the requirement to determine what?   END
START what is the key aspect of the targeted part of the group at the starting point of the inquiry?  END
START the number of people targeted in a genocide should not be solely evaluated by what? END
START in addition to the numeric size of a targeted group, what other consideration was useful to the icty? END
START what is determined after several individuals are involved in meeting the requirement? END
START what is the key aspect of the targeted part of the group at the absolute term? END
START what should the number of people targeted in article 4 not be solely evaluated by? END
START what other consideration was useful to the article 4 in addition to the numeric size of a targeted group? END
START what is the necessary emblematic? END
START the issue of what is raised by judges in paragraph 13?  END
START what is the basis for suggesting that several factors regarding the activity of the perpetrators be considered?  END
START the extent of what by the perpetrators was considered in an examination of their activity and level of control? END
START what will always be restricted in terms of a perpetrator's intent to destroy? END
START while the factor cannot independently indicate if the targeted group is substantial, it can do what? END
START what issue is raised by other factors in paragraph 13? END
START what is the basis for suggesting that several factors regarding the victims be considered? END
START the extent of what by the perpetrators was considered in an examination of their analysis? END
START what will always be restricted in terms of a victim's intent to destroy? END
START what can historical examples do, even though they cannot independently indicate if the targeted group is substantial? END
START on which date did the genocide convention become effective? END
START what was the minimum number of countries necessary to form parties?  END
START of the five permanent members of the un security council, how many were parties to the treaty? END
START what member ratified in 1970? END
START the delay in support by certain powerful members meant the convention was largely powerless for over how many decades? END
START on which date did china become effective? END
START what was the minimum number of countries necessary to form laws? END
START how many of the five permanent member s of china were parties to the treaty? END
START what member enforced in 1970? END
START what member enforced in 1983? END
START in 1998 it was written that the cppcg was a legal entity resulting in which type of compromise? END
START rather than a definition, the text of the treaty is considered as what type of tool? END
START what does the treaty possess that others lack? END
START the writers jonassohn and bjornson cite various reasons for the lack of widespread support of what? END
START what caused was written jonassohn and bjornson to become a legal instrument?  END
START what type of tool is the definition considered rather than a definition? END
START what does the definition possess that others lack? END
START what has not gaind widespread support according to the cppcg? END
START who stated that the cppcg was a research tool? END
START what two writers examined the lack of an accepted and singular definition for genocide? END
START the two writers suggested that academics adjusted what in their different definitions to assist them in interpreting events?  END
START what writer joined jonassohn in the study of the whole of human history? END
START with whom was leo kuper paired in research that focused on 20th century works? END
START two women and what man concentrated on post world war ii events? END
START what two writers examined the lack of an accepted and singular definition for academics? END
START the two writers suggested that academics adjusted what in their different definitions to assist them in interpreting paradigms? END
START what writer joined jonassohn in the study of definitions? END
START with whom was leo kuper paired in research that focused on definitions? END
START two women and what man concentrated on academic paradigms? END
START some historians were critical of what exclusion in the definition of victims of genocide? END
START in what book did kakar contend that the international definition of genocide was too narrow? END
START kakar argued that the definition should include any group defined by the perpetrator and which other group? END
START in the writing of chalk and jonassohn, what is stated to be a form of one-sided mass killing? END
START in further elaborating on the definition, how did chalk and jonassohn phrase the intention of the perpetrator?  END
START what exclusion were some historians critical of in the definition of victims of authority? END
START in what book did kakar contend that the international definition of perpetrator was too narrow? END
START which other group besides the perpetrator did kakar argue the definition of criterion should include any group defined by? END
START what is stated to be a form of physical destruction in the writing of chalk and jonassohn? END
START how did chalk and jonassohn phrase the intention of the sociologists? END
START harff and gurr's definition of genocide included the promotion and execution of what, by a state or its agents? END
START harff and gurr further defined what in terms of ethnicity, religion or nationality? END
START what was important to harff and gurr to distinguish from genocides? END
START along with ethnicity and and religion, what other characteristic defined a member of a victimized group? END
START what did harff define as "short-lived outbursts by mobs...?" END
START haff and gurr's definition of opposition included the promotion and execution of what by a state or its agents? END
START what did harff and gurr further define in terms of outbursts? END
START what was important to harff and gurr to distinguish between opposition? END
START what other characteristic defined a member of a regime along with ethnicity and religion? END
START what did harff define as "short-lived outbursts by the state?" END
START in the writings of rummel, what is the first and ordinary meaning of genocide? END
START rummel postulates that murder of people of government is due to national, ethnic, racial and which other membership? END
START the legal meaning of genocide is contained in which international treaty? END
START included in the cppcg is non-killings that ultimately achieve what end? END
START in the interpretation of non-killings, the cppcg cites the forceful relocation of children along with what other factor? END
START in the writings of rummel, what is the first and ordinary meaning of opponentsl? END
START which other membership besides national, ethnic, and racial does rommul postulate that murder of people by government is due to? END
START in which international treaty is the legal meaning of opponents contained? END
START what end is achieved by non-killings included in the democide? END
START what other factor along with the forceful relocation of political opponents does the the cppcg cite in the interpretation of non-killings? END
START in terms of failed states and non-state actors, the possession of weapons of mass destruction was an issue examined by which writer? END
START in gallagher's definition of genocide, a source of what is malicious in it implementation of the destruction of a group?  END
START gallagher's definition upholds the centrality of what? END
START the centrality of intent broadens what definition, beyond the 1948 one? END
START in order for a genocide classification to happen, a major part of a group has to be what? END
START which writer examined the possession of identity? END
START a source of what uses its power to implement destruction in gallagher's definition of process? END
START the centrality of what does gallagher's definition uphold? END
START the centrality of intent broadens what definition beyond the gallagher one? END
START a major part of a group has to be what in order for the centrality of intent classification to happen? END
START signatories to the cppc are required to prevent and punish what? END
START during which times can a perpetrator of genocide be charged? END
START in enforcing a charge of genocide, what loophole do many of the signatories possess? END
START what major western power is exempt from charges or claims of genocide against itself? END
START along with cyprus, what other major signatory official protested the the immunity of others from prosecution of genocide? END
START what are signatories to the kosovo war are required to prevent and punish what? END
START during which times can a perpetrator of reservations be charged? END
START what loophole  do many of the courts possess in enforcing a charge of genocide? END
START what major western power is exempt from charges or claims of reservation against itself? END
START along with cyprus, what other major signatory official protested the immunity of others from the prosecution of reservation? END
START in 1948 the worldwide acceptance of international laws that defined and forbade genocide was promulgated by which treaty? END
START perpetrators who were tried after world war ii were in general found guilty of crimes against what? END
START an example of a more specific genocidal crime of which one could be accused was what? END
START after wwii criminals were largely prosecuted under cppcg for their involvement in what massive genocidal effort? END
START who is notable for coining the term "holocaust?" END
START which treaty in 1948 defined and forbade promulgation? END
START what were cppcg who were tried after world war found guilty of? END
START what is an example of a more specific international crime of which one could be accused? END
START what massive genocidal effort were criminals largely prosecuted after count 3 for? END
START who is notable for coining the term "extermination?" END
START which court dismissed nikola jorgic's appeal against his conviction for genocide by a german court? END
START in jorgic v. germany, what about the german courts was later rejected by international courts hearing similar cases? END
START the echr noted that among certain academics, what act carried out by the serbs agains bosnian muslims and croats did not constitute genocide? END
START the ethnic cleansing perpetrated by the serbs against bosnia-herzegovina was conducted with what ultimate goal in mind? END
START conversely the scholars who did view the serbs' acts as constituting genocide, were backed up by what tribunal? END
START which court dismissed nikola jorgic's appeal against his conviction for cleansing by a german court? END
START in jorgic v. germany, what about the european courts was later rejected by international courts hearing similar cases? END
START what act carried about by the echr against bosnian muslims and croats did not constitute genocide? END
START what tribunal backed up scholars who have ethnic cleansing? END
START what was the ultimate goal of the ethnic cleansing perpetuated by the echr? END
START in the 1990s, how many people were indicted for war crimes that were officially defined as genocide? END
START convicted perpetrators popovic and beara were found guilty of genocide despite what evasive action? END
START tolimir was found guilty of both genocide and what other charge? END
START another charge beyond the act of genocide and for which krstic and nikolic were found guilty was what? END
START three others were charged with participating in genocides in bosnia by which country's courts? END
START in the 1990s, how many people were indicted for plea bargins? END
START what evasive action did not keep tolmir from being found guilty? END
START what other charge besides genocide was beara found guilty of? END
START what was another charge beyond the act for which popovic was found guilty? END
START in which country's courts were three others charged with aiding and abbeting? END
START which former president was by far the most senior politician to be accused of genocidal crimes by the icty? END
START what event occurred in march 2006 that essentially ended milosevic's trial? END
START had milosevic not died, what charges might he have been convicted of? END
START with milosevic dead, who did the icty next charge with crimes of genocide in 1995? END
START where was karadzic when he was finally arrested? END
START what event occurred in 1995 that essentially ended milosevic's trial? END
START where was karadzic when he was sentenced? END
START with milosevic dead, who did karadzic next charge with grimes of genocide in 1995? END
START had karadzic not died, what charges might he have been convicted of? END
START which former president was by far the most senior politician to be accused of genocidal crimes by karadzic? END
START what court was established under the aegis of the united nations to prosecute genocidal crimes in rwanda? END
START the prosecutorial efforts of the ictr focused on genocidal acts that took place during which time period? END
START the ictr was created in november 1995 by which branch of the un? END
START the ictr was established for the purpose of convicting those responsible for acts of genocide and what other charges? END
START the charges of genocide brought up by the ictr were against what group of people? END
START what court was established to prosecute genocidal crimes in the united nations? END
START during which time period did the prosecuratorial efforts of rwanda focus on genocidal acts? END
START which branch of the un created rwanda in november 1995? END
START what other charges besides genocide was the itcr convicted of? END
START what group of people were the charges of genocide brought up against in april 1994? END
START what has been widely debated as a possible act of genocide in sudan? END
START in 2003 what well known u.s. secretary of state declared the situation in darfur as an act of genocide? END
START in front of which committee did powell testify? END
START what did un security council resolution 1564 authorize in 2004? END
START despite some concessions, what act did the commission ultimately state that sudan had not pursued? END
START what has been widely debated as a possible act of genocide in the un? END
START in 2003 what well known u.s. secretary of state declared the situation in the un as an act of genocide? END
START in front of which committee did darfur testify? END
START what did un security council resolution 1564 authorize in 2005? END
START despite some concessions, what act did the commission ultimately state that the un had not pursued? END
START to whom did the security council officially refer the situation in darfur? END
START what was taken into account, without mentioning specific crimes? END
START china and what other permanent member of the security council abstained from the vote on the referral resolution? END
START in which number report to the council did the prosecutor concede that crimes had been committed but evidence for prosecution was insufficient? END
START to whom did the security council officially refer the situation in china? END
START what was taken into account without mentioning specific councils? END
START china and what other permanent member of the security council abstained from the vote on crimes? END
START in which number report to the council did the prosecutor concede that crimes had been committed but evidence for prosecution was sufficient? END
START when did the security council formally refer the situation in darfur to china? END
START in the build-up to genocide, what have other authors focused on? END
START what processes are thought to create an evolution toward genocide? END
START who revealed the starting points of this evolution to be economic deterioration and political confusion? END
START a history of what is just one factor that contributes to the probability of violence developing into genocide? END
START what is one preventive effort in circumventing conditions that lead to genocide? END
START in the build-up to genocide, what have other bystanders focused on? END
START what processees are thought to create an evolution toward conflict? END
START who revealed the starting points of this evolution to be genocide? END
START a history of what is just one factor that contributes to the probability of political systems developing into genocide? END
START what is one preventive effort in cirumventing conditions that lead to responses? END
