START what is the immaculate conception a representation of the avoidance of ? END
START what was mary prevented from having to endure ? END
START who was believed to have prevented this from occurring to mary ? END
START what was the outcome of preventing mary from having to endure such an injustice ? END
START what normally followed the delivery of a child by a woman in mary time period ? END
START what is one of the things regarded by the dogma of the immaculate conception? END
START what did the catholic church prevent mary from having? END
START what did mary receive at baptism? END
START is it believed that mary carried no transgression which would require blame ? END
START how did the church view mary in regards to her personal sins ?  END
START what important announcement was made by the ecumenical council in  regards to the decision on mary ? END
START what was the name of the ecumenical council that made the decision ? END
START what this a definition say mary was free from? END
START who says mary was only free from original sin? END
START who said that all men were capable of avoiding all sins throughout their life? END
START who declared that god did not give mary a special privilege? END
START is the view of the impregnation of mary's pregnancy the same as the one held for the birth of her first child ? END
START what is the view held at the vatican regarding how mary was actually given life into the world ? END
START who were the parents of mary believed to be ? END
START when were contradictory views to  the belief of mary's parentage struck down ? END
START when did these contradictory views start to emerge ? END
START what other event is the immaculate conception similar to? END
START who often makes a distinction between the conception of jesus in the conception of mary? END
START who believes that mary is a product of a virginal conception? END
START who upheld the belief that mary was virtually conceived in 1677? END
START on what date is the virginal conception of mary celebrated? END
START what did mary supposedly not require that everyone else also required and why was this so ? END
START what was explained by the man  giovanni maria mastai-ferretti who later became leader of the holy roman church ? END
START what is the child of mary known to be famous for according to  giovanni maria mastai-ferretti ? END
START according to the teaching of the catholic religion is a savior for the world needed ? END
START why did mary not need a savior? END
START who said that mary was cleansed after sin? END
START what is referred to as mary's redemption by christ? END
START who said that if humans had never sinned they would not need god's grace? END
START what empire held  grecian teachers of the virginity of mary's conception ? END
START who gave a reason for the purging of evil for the blessed virgin and her first child ? END
START what procedure was being performed while he gave his reasoning ? END
START who was compelled to write of this instance that was also an author of one of the book of the bible ? END
START what became associated with the celebration of mary's inception in the womb ?  END
START to what theologians was the concept of mary's complete sinlessness unknown? END
START what is a sinless nature cleansed in a moment of grace? END
START who did not see the human nature of jesus and mary as equally holy? END
START when was jesus presented in a temple? END
START the commemoration of what was growing around by byzantium? END
START what proof do some believe is offered as to proof of mary being the ultimate concept of pure? END
START what phrases were used to describe mary ? END
START who is often held as the model for all things holy and pure that is not mary ? END
START who refused to hear any contradictory views about mary and her perceived inception ? END
START what did this person also state about all of mankind in regards to wayward transgressions  ? END
START what was explicitly mooted before the twelfth century? END
START what can be proved from scripture? END
START whose teachings on the sinlessness of mary only include original sin END
START what terms were only applied to mary after the fifth century? END
START who is not sure that mary had sufficient grace to overcome sin? END
START where did the majority of the concepts of mary's birth show themselves the most ? END
START what byzantine ruler ho ruled from from 527 to 565 was also a well trained thinker of concepts ? END
START in what way did this ruler refer to mary  in his writings ? END
START what event happened to theotokos that was of significant religious note ? END
START how did some view the the person whose name includes a christian rite of passage from the bible?  END
START what doctrine appeared first among the latin theologies? END
START whose teachings did emperor justinian i augment? END
START who says that mary was not immaculate at the annunciation? END
START who said that mary had the honor of being the first to purify the waters of baptism by touching them? END
START what uses mary's absolute holiness is a key for understanding her pre-purification? END
START what was widely observed in the eastern portion of the byzantine world ? END
START what was the name of this festival ? END
START was there anything in similarity that happened in the western portion of the empire ? if so who was it supported by? END
START who was against all of the celebrations of mary 's her birth ? END
START according to some when is is possible for a sanctified mary to have emerged ? END
START what was widely celebrated in the west by 750? END
START what group in the west was the conception of st. anne associated with END
START what did thomas aquinas support attaching to the title conception of mary? END
START when did the eastern church start to celebrate the conception of mary? END
START what is st. albertus magnus say could be conferred at the moment of conception? END
START what happened on the final day of the month of love that was of significance was authorized by the holy roman church leader ? END
START who was the holy roman church leader that authorized the change ? END
START what document made the authorization official ? END
START what word substitution did he use in the authorization to appease all of the worshipers and view points when speaking of the inception of mary  ? END
START what was the opposite of a sinner who committed a venial type? it would be the most grave type of all .  END
START which pope authorized dioceses to introduce the feast in the fourteenth century? END
START what was introduced to the roman diocese in 1476? END
START what pope in 1477 included the word immaculate in the name of the feast END
START who said it was sinful and heretical to say that the glorious and immaculate mother of god was conceived without the stain of original sin? END
START what term was applied to mary's conception in 1483? END
START what did a teacher of religion  from the college that was named after a dominican friar do in 1839 of historical note ? END
START who was the teacher who committed the act  ? END
START what position was the teacher later given by the holy roman church ? END
START who gave the teacher the new job ? END
START what  problem did the teacher's publication solve for the holy roman leader with act that was committed  to do in response to the actions of the teacher  ? END
START what did mariano spada publish in 1872? END
START who asserted that aquinas was referring to the question of the immaculate conception? END
START what work asserted a problem between a doctrine of pius ix and the teachings of aquinas? END
START who appointed spada master of the sacred palace in the eighteenth century? END
START who began to query the position of the conception of mary following the 11th century ? END
START who did the query starter lay blame upon for the festivals that surrounded mary's inception ? END
START what did the query starter believe to be the ultimate difficulty in accepting  the a virgin conception of mary ? END
START what did the query starter believe had been done by mary's direct  maternal line that contradict the conception theory of immaculate for mary ? END
START did the query starter believe that the festival for mary's conception had authorization to be held ? END
START who raised the question of the immaculate conception in the 1200s? END
START what was already being celebrated in some churches of the east? END
START who instituted a feast of the conception of the blessed virgin with the permission of the holy see? END
START whose conception does st. bernard say was sinless? END
START what pope's definition of conception agreed with st. bernard's? END
START what did the the monk of minor believe to be true of mary ? END
START what point did his argument attempt to bring to the masses ? END
START what did the monk of minor believe could alleviate the tension in the matter of the  END
START what consequences did he believe that this would have on mary's reputation ? END
START how did monk of minor explain how the change in reputation could be of benefit to mary ? END
START what did st. bonaventure argue? END
START who did scotus believe did not have a special role in salvation history? END
START who is preserved from all taint of sin to the merits of mary? END
START what did mary's immaculate conception remove her from? END
START where did the mass majority stand in relation to having or not having the mary inception festivals ? END
START how did the holy roman church rule on the matter of the festivals ? END
START was the practce behind the meaning of the mary inception festivals taught at universities of theology ? END
START in what year was the famous friar named tom given a position as a saint of the holy roman catholic church ?  END
START what happened to tom at one of the 1567 that changed his title ? END
START what celebration did popular opinion oppose? END
START who said that belief in the immaculate conception of mary is not in accord with catholic belief? END
START what counsel was held in the fourteenth century? END
START what belief was taught in many theological facilities by the 1500s? END
START what counsel held between 1545 and 1563 affirmed the doctrine? END
START what holy document takes the view of mary back to the creation of man and woman ? END
START what specific part the bible does this document reference for mary ? END
START according to the document what did the forebears already have knowledge of before mary came about ? END
START where was mary represented (according to the holy document ) on the vessel that wandered the sea for forty days and forty nights ? END
START what holy document says mary was present in eden? END
START who would mary never be completely triumphant over? END
START what did god have foreshading of? END
START what did moses see from earth to heaven? END
START what sect often stands in disagreement over the virginal inception of mary ? END
START what does this group believe of the story of a virgin mother for mary and those who follow its teaching ? END
START what in particular does the group feels is impossible to believe ? END
START what is the theological study of mary called ? END
START what did this theological study do to set itself apart from the other groups ? END
START who is the person that started the religion that separated itself from the catholic church in the 17th century ? END
START what did he do that sparked the separation from the catholic church  ? END
START what did this leader of change believe of the conception of mary ? END
START what did mary's child avoid according to the leader of the separation ?  END
START what particular sect is a patron of this belief ? END
START what protestant reformer said that mary was not born with sinful flesh? END
START what did the immaculate conception permit mary to do? END
START what lutherans do not support this doctrine? END
START why did the holy spirit purify jesus? END
START what was written by the a all inclusive group convened by the holy church centered in rome ? END
START what document did this group create once it was convened ? END
START what did the document attempt to clarify ? END
START what was the final conclusion reached in the report by the group ? END
START what type of interpretation did the group believe was of concern in regard to mary ? END
START what did the roman catholic church conclude about the teaching on the assumption and the immaqculate conception? END
START according to the anglicans what are the teachings on the assumption and immaculate conception not cosistant with? END
START what was 5the roman catholic church concerned with? END
START who did the anglicans say revealed these concepts? END
START what doctrine do anlicans believe is a matte5r of faith? END
START what  religion is credited by some authors from the west for initiating the story of the conceiving of mary ? END
START what do these authors use in the form of proof for credit given to the other religion  ? END
START according to the teaching of this other religion what occurred to mary during the birth of her first child ? END
START what does this other religion also state  happens  to everyone besides mary and her first born child  ? END
START what does the event cause to happen to everyone but mary and her first born child ? END
START who does islam claim first taught the immaculate conception of mary? END
START who says it is not that the concept of the immaculat conception is taken from the qur'an? END
START what does the qur'an say is pretended? END
START what does the bible say happens to every person that comes into the world? END
START what did the holy spitit place between mary and the devil? END
START does everyone agree on the credit that should be given for the story of mary's inception ? END
START what does the book of muslim faith state in regards to how every person is born ? END
START does this view contradict the belief that mary was also born to a virgin mother ? END
START what view did the qua-ran take on the sinful ways in which mary could have been conceived ? END
START what is the name of the prayer that is listed in the qua-ran  is used to enact a safeguard on kids from the  the devil ? END
START how does the qur\an confirm the immaculat conception of mary? END
START what does the qur'an say is dependent on christian doctrine? END
START when did mary pray for her child to remain protected from satan? END
START what exonerates mary and jesus? END
START who does the hadith refer to as servents? END
START what did the writer of a 1788 multi-volumed text say concerning plagiarism and the roman catholic church ? END
START who is the author of the texts entailed in the fifth part of the the collection about the roman catholic church ? END
START what was the group of volumes titled ? END
START where does the author state that the roman catholic church received her facts and confirmations ? END
START who's doctrine does islam derive its teachings from? END
START what did st bernard write in 1788? END
START what charge did st bernard repeat in 1854? END
START what has its origin in the bible? END
START what color garment is used in traditional chants to represent the purity of mary's conception ? END
START the rituals for the correct way to enjoy mass is listed in what text ? END
START what official writings give specific prayers for each hours of the day for catholics ? END
START what type of  melodic, rhythmic, and harmonic changes have been made by composers but are based on the works that are monophonic and  unaccompanied sacred song? END
START what include refrences to jesus's immaculate conception? END
START who is purified from original sin by jesus? END
START what did anton bruckner compose base on the litergy of the hours? END
START what became very popular symbol among the who believed mary had a virgin for a mother ?  END
START what does mary stand upon in this symbol? END
START what does mary where atop her hair that twinkles in the symbol ? END
START what else can be found in the symbol with mary that may vary in different versions ? END
START what spread across europe and the near east? END
START what type of flowers does mary hold in her hands? END
START what is under the feet of the cherubs? END
START where is mary depicted before her creation? END
START what is the cost of primary and secondary education in namibia? END
START how many namibian students were recorded in 1998 in primary school?  END
START how many namibian students were recorded in 1998 in secondary schools? END
START what was the pupil-teacher ratio in namibia in 1999? END
START what develops the curriculum as well as other educational resources in namibia? END
START what is the capital of namibia? END
START how many teachers are there in namibia in primary and secondary schools? END
START how much of namibia's gdp is spent on defense? END
START what was the pupil-teacher ratio in 2000? END
START what is the population of okahandja? END
START what is the afrikaans name for namibia? END
START where in africa is namibia? END
START what ocean borders namibia? END
START how far away is namibia to the zambezi river? END
START when did namibia gain independence from south africa? END
START what is the french word for the republic of namibia? END
START with what country does namibia share most of its northern border with? END
START on what date did the namibian war of independence start? END
START what type of border does namibia share with angola? END
START when did bantu immigrate to namibia? END
START when did namibia become german imperial protectorate? END
START when did namibia stop being a german colony? END
START what year did the league of nations mandate namibia to south africa? END
START when did south africa impose the apartheid policy on namibia? END
START where did the bantu come from in the 14th century? END
START in what year did world war i end? END
START in what year was the league of nations formed? END
START in what year did the league of nations shut down? END
START in what year was the cape colony established? END
START what does swapo stand for? END
START when was swapo designated as the representative of namibian people? END
START when namibia was under south african administration, what was it called? END
START why did south africa install an interim administration in namibia? END
START when did namibia obtain full independence? END
START in what year was the south west africa people's organization formed? END
START in what region of namibia is walvis bay? END
START in what region of namibia is the penguin islands? END
START which covers more area, walvis bay or the penguin islands? END
START orlam clans crossed which river to migrate to namibia? END
START what area of namibia did orlam clans settle in? END
START when did orlam clans settle in namibia? END
START when did the nama-herero war begin? END
START who deployed troops to start the nama-herero war? END
START what type of people were the san? END
START in what year did the nama-herero war hostilities stop? END
START what type of people were the damara? END
START what type of people were the herero tribe? END
START when did bartolomeu dias explore namibia?  END
START what nationality were the first navigators to explore namibia come from?  END
START when did diogo cao explore namibia? END
START along with swedish settlers, what other country's settlers inhabited in namibia first? END
START settlers on their way to angola settled in namibia instead of going where? END
START in what year was diogo cao born? END
START in what year was bartolmeu dias born? END
START what nationality were the dorsland trekkers? END
START which country was the first to have european traders in sub-saharan africa? END
START what was the first country to have european settlers in sub-saharan africa? END
START herero and what other group took action against german occupiers? END
START when did two clans take up action against the german occupiers? END
START what was the war against the german occupiers considered? END
START how many herero's were killed in the war against german occupiers? END
START how many nama's were killed in the war against german occupiers? END
START in what year did the "first genocide of the twentieth century" start? END
START which group to german occupiers first start to commit genocide against? END
START what percentage of herero were murdered by germans? END
START what percentage of namaqua were murdered by germans? END
START in what year did "the first genocide of the twentieth century" end? END
START when did south africa occupy namibia?  END
START when did south africa refuse to surrender namibia?  END
START which council submitted petitions for namibia's independence? END
START when did european powers grant independence to their colonies in africa? END
START when was the league replaced by the united nations? END
START in what year did world war i start? END
START in what year was the league of nations founded? END
START in what year was the parliament of south africa formed? END
START in what year was the international court of justice established? END
START which guerrilla group fought for namibia's independence?  END
START when did a guerrilla group fight for namibia's independence?  END
START when did south africa end occupation of namibia? END
START why did south africa end occupation in namibia? END
START what is the central-southern area of namibia known as? END
START in what year was the south-west africa people's organization started? END
START what percentage of the population of south africa was white people? END
START how much of south africa's arable land did white people control? END
START in what year did the un start developing a peace plan for the whole region? END
START what was namibia previously called? END
START what date did namibia get it's official name? END
START what was the resolution that granted namibia it's name? END
START how long did it take for south africa to agree to the implantation of namibia's new name?  END
START the diplomatic agreement between south africa, angola, and cuba was observed by the ussr and what other country? END
START on what date  in 1978 did the un security council pass resolution 2372? END
START in what year had cuba sent troops to angola? END
START in what year had the mpla formed? END
START since what year had unita controlled angola? END
START among which countries had been trying to persuade south africa to give namibia independence? END
START what does untag stand for? END
START who was the diplomat for untag? END
START what nationality was the diplomat in untag? END
START when was the diplomat for untag deployed to supervise withdrawals from namibia? END
START what was the official election slogan in the first namibia election? END
START in what month in 1989 did campaigning begin for the constitutional assembly election? END
START who was the head of the swapo party? END
START who backed swapo? END
START in what year did martti ahtisaarsi become a diplomat? END
START when had swapo members been exiled? END
START when was the namibian constitution adopted? END
START when did the country of namibia officially become a country? END
START who was the first president of namibia? END
START who swore in the first president of namibia? END
START what was ceded to namibia in 1994?  END
START until what year did sam nujoma serve as president of namibia? END
START for how many days had nelson mandela been imprisoned? END
START in what month and year did namibian leaders start to develop their constitution? END
START when was the first namibian vote held for president? END
START what was one of the countries that sent a head of state to namibia for the first presidential swearing-in? END
START what did namibia transition to after white minority apartheid rule? END
START what type of independence was introduced in namibia after independence?  END
START what party has won every election in namibia? END
START how long did president same nujoma rule? END
START who succeeded sam nujoma? END
START in what year was multiparty democracy introduced to namibia? END
START what political party was president sam nujoma a member of? END
START what political party is hifikepunye pohamba a member of? END
START in what year did namibia successfully transition to parliamentary democracy? END
START what is the presidential term limit in namibia? END
START what desert is shared between south africa and botswana? END
START how many plants species are found in succulent karoo? END
START how many plants are endemic to the succulent karoo? END
START how many of the worlds succulents are found in karoo? END
START what is probably the reason there are so many unique plants in karoo? END
START what country lies to the east of namibia? END
START how many species of plants are there in the kalahari desert? END
START what percentage of the world's succulents are found in all of the kalahari desert? END
START what country lies north of namibia? END
START what country lies south of namibia? END
START what is the climate range for namibia? END
START what is the overall climate description for namibia?  END
START what is the mean rain above in namibia? END
START what is the semi-arid measurements in namibia? END
START what is the arid measurement in namibia? END
START at what coordinate is warmbad? END
START what is the climate description for the northern half of namibia? END
START what is the climate description for the southern half of namibia? END
START what is the climate description for the middle band of namibia? END
START what is the wettest area of namibia? END
START what is the typical amount of sunshine days in tropical high pressure belt? END
START what feature cuts namibia in half? END
START what is the winter in namibia like? END
START when is the rainiest season in namibia? END
START what is humidity like in namibia? END
START how much rain fell during the summer of 2006/07? END
START how much rain typically falls in february each year in the caprivi strip? END
START what is the record amount of rain in the caprivi strip? END
START what is the record rainfall in the coastal desert? END
START what is the least amount of rainfall to ever fall in the caprivi strip in one year? END
START what current dominates the coastal area of namibia? END
START what direction does the current in the coastal area flow? END
START which ocean is on the coastal area of namibia? END
START what is the condition that happens in winter in namibia? END
START what do hot dry winds blowing inland to the coast create? END
START what lies to the east of namibia? END
START what is the wind direction outside of the coastal area? END
START what is the temperature of the wind outside the coastal area? END
START what is the german expression for oosweer? END
START what is the afrikaans expression for bergwind? END
START what is the driest country in sub-saharan africa? END
START what is the average rainfall in namibia? END
START where does the highest rainfall occur in namibia? END
START how much of the country does dam water supply the rest of the country with?  END
START what is the wettest country in sub-saharan africa? END
START what is the record amount of rain in a year on the coast? END
START what is the record least amount of rain in a year in the caprivi? END
START what is the average annual rainfall in zambia? END
START what is the average annual rainfall in angola? END
START what does namibia protect in it's constitution?  END
START what article in the namibia constitution supports natural conservation? END
START what do namibians believe sustains them? END
START what is article 94 about? END
START what do namibians believe destroys them? END
START what is the biggest country in the world to address conservation in its constitution? END
START what is the smallest country in the world to address conservation in its constitution? END
START what is article 93 about? END
START when did namibia receive funding from usaid? END
START what does usaid stands for? END
START what does life project stand for? END
START what does cbnrm stand for? END
START when did the living in a finite environment project start? END
START when was the canadian ambassador's fund established? END
START when was the endangered wildlife trust started? END
START in what year was the wwf formed? END
START what is the primary focus of usaid? END
START who does namibia have affiliation with in their foreign policy? END
START what ties does namibia want to strengthen? END
START which number member is namibia in the un? END
START when did namibia join the un? END
START which number member is namibia in the commonwealth of nations? END
START to what year does namibia and cuba relationship go back to? END
START which  sub-saharan african country has a large army? END
START where did cuba come in regarding joining the un? END
START besides namibia what is one other country that is a member of the commonwealth of nations? END
START what sub-saharan country has a strong economy? END
START what is namibian's unemployment rate? END
START what was the highest unemployment rate in namibia? END
START who is the labour and social welfare minister? END
START when was the lowest unemployment rate in namibia? END
START what was the "strict unemployment" figure for namibia in 2012? END
START in what year did immanuel ngatjizeko become the labour and social welfare minister? END
START who leads the namibia statistics agency? END
START what was the unemployment rate in 2000? END
START what was the unemployment rate in 2012 including people who had given up looking for work? END
START what did bloomberg name namibia? END
START what rank did bloomberg name namibia's economy? END
START how many african countries made the list for top emerging markets? END
START who did bloomberg name as 2013's best emerging market in the world? END
START how many south american countries made the list for top emerging economies? END
START how many asian countries made the list for top emerging economies? END
START what was named as one of the reasons zambia made the list? END
START why did south africa make this list? END
START how much of the population depends on agriculture? END
START how much more is the per capita gdp in namibia compared to the rest of africa's countries? END
START where does a majority of namibia's people live? END
START namibia has one of the highest rates of what type of income problems in the world? END
START how much of namibia's land is arable? END
START how much of africa's poorest countries land is arable? END
START from where does namibia import food? END
START what countries have an even higher rate of income disparity than namibia? END
START in africa's poorest countries in which industry do most people work? END
START how much revenue does mining provide namibia? END
START where does namibia rank in the exportation of uranium?  END
START namibia was expected to become the largest exporter of what in 2015? END
START what does rich alluvial diamond deposits make namibia a source of? END
START what is the second most important contributor to namibia's economy? END
START who is the world's biggest exporter of uranium? END
START in what year does namibia plan to start drilling for oil and gas offshore? END
START who is the world's biggest exporter of diamonds? END
START what country is africa's biggest exporter of non-fuel minerals? END
START what accounts for almost 14% of total tourism in namibia? END
START how much economic assistance does namibia get from tourism from hunting?  END
START what other types of sports are popular in namibia? END
START what is the most visited city in namibia? END
START what type of town is swakopmund? END
START from what country do most tourists to namibia come from? END
START in what country was the extreme sport sandboarding invented? END
START how much did tourism account for the namibian economy in 2010? END
START what is the most visited city in namibia by foreign tourists? END
START how much money was tourism bringing into namibia in 2010? END
START what is the capital of namibia? END
START what is the airport in namibia? END
START what is the most popular hotel in windhoek? END
START avani hotels and resorts is a chain resort in windhoek, what is another? END
START what percentage of tourists arrive in namibia at hosea kutako international airport? END
START in what year was the namibia wildlife resorts established? END
START in what year did the namibia tourism board get established? END
START what percentage of the tourists to windhoek stay at one of the international hotel chains? END
START in what year was the hilton hotels and resorts built in windhoek? END
START what does ntb stand for? END
START what is act 21 of 2000 in namibia? END
START what does act 21 in namibia regulate? END
START what market does act 21 promote? END
START what was act 20 of 2000? END
START in what year was the federation of namibia tourism associations founded? END
START in what year was the hospitality association of namibia established? END
START in what year was the association of namibian travel agents founded? END
START in what year was the tour and safari association of namibia founded? END
START most residential areas are insufficient in what area of namibia? END
START besides installation cost, why are private flush toilets too expensive for most residents in namibia? END
START what do namibian's use as a toilet? END
START where do flying toilets end up after use? END
START urinating and defecating in public has been identified as what? END
START in what african country is sanitation sufficient for most residential areas? END
START in what african country are private flush toilets reasonably priced? END
START in what year did namibia's rural areas have 13% of the population with more than basic sanitation? END
START in what african country is water plentiful? END
START whites make up how much of namibia's population? END
START what is the language of namibia? END
START where do a large minority of whites trace their namibian roots to? END
START what was the population in south-west africa in 1960? END
START how much of the population was white in south-west africa in 1960? END
START how many people of british descent make up the population of namibia? END
START what percentage of the namibia population is german? END
START what is the most spoken language in namibia? END
START how many white people were there in namibia in the 2000 census? END
START how many people in total was there in namibia in the 2000 census? END
START how often does namibia conduct a census? END
START when was the first population and housing census in namibia? END
START what is it called when the census counts every person wherever they are the night of the census?  END
START how many enumeration areas are there in namibia? END
START the enumeration areas in namibia do not overlap with what in order to get reliable data? END
START how were people counted in namibia prior to 1991? END
START how many enumeration areas are there in a typical nation using the de facto method? END
START how many census workers were there in the 1991 population and housing census? END
START german, english, and afrikaans were the official languages until when in namibia? END
START swapo thought namibia should have what type of official language? END
START what is the primary language of namibia, as swapo instituted? END
START how many namibian's speak english? END
START there was a high rate of what due to monolingual instruction? END
START what is one of the 11 official languages of south africa? END
START what percentage of people speak afrikaans in namibia? END
START what percentage of people speak german in namibia? END
START the push for monolingual instruction has been a success in what african country? END
START how many people in namibia can speak english at all? END
START what popular sport was first played in namibia in 1995? END
START which team participated in the 2008 firs world championship? END
START what is the toughest footrace around the world? END
START who is the most famous athlete from namibia? END
START what sport does the most famous namibian athlete participate in? END
START  when was the women's inline hockey national team first formed? END
START which country won the women's 2008 firs world championships? END
START in what year was the first namibian ultra marathon first held? END
START how many olympic silver medals did frankie fredericks win at the 1992 olympics? END
START how many medals has frankie fredericks won at world athletic championships? END
START what was the first namibian newspaper? END
START what was the language in which the first namibian newspaper was printed in? END
START when was the first namibian newspaper founded? END
START when was radio introduced in namibia? END
START when was tv introduced in namibia? END
START what was the first english newspaper in namibia? END
START when did south africa take over ruling namibia? END
START when did germany take over ruling namibia? END
START what was the first newspaper in namibia that reflected the realities of the black citizens? END
START when was the first black-focused radio channel introduced? END
START what is a popular tabloid magazine in namibia? END
START what is the economical magazine in namibia? END
START what is the regional magazine in namibia? END
START what is the most popular current affairs magazine in namibia? END
START what is the only sport newspaper in namibia? END
START who owns the windhoek observer? END
START who owns the namib times? END
START who owns prime focus? END
START who owns sister namibia magazine? END
START how often is informante published? END
START compared to neighbouring countries, what freedom does namibia have? END
START namibia is on par with what country in terms of media and reporting? END
START where was namibia ranked on press freedom in 2009? END
START where was namibia ranked on press freedom in 2013? END
START where was namibia ranked on press freedom in 2014? END
START what was namibia's position on the press freedom index in 2012? END
START what was namibia's press freedom index in 2015? END
START what was namibia's press freedom index position in 2008? END
START in what year was the african media barometer founded? END
START when was reporters without borders founded? END
START what is the life expectancy in namibia? END
START what epidemic is a large problem in namibia? END
START how much of the namibian population is infected with hiv? END
START how many people living in 2001 had hiv/aids in namibia? END
START how many deaths were associated with hiv/aids in namibia in 2003? END
START how many orphans are there in namibia? END
START how many people in botswana have hiv/aids? END
START what percentage of the people in botswana have hiv? END
START what is the hiv/aids epidemic numbers doing in botswana? END
START what is the age expectancy in botswana as of 2012? END
START what health issue is compounded by the aids epidemic in namibia? END
START what is the risk of contracting malaria if an individual is already infected with hiv? END
START the risk of death by malaria raises by how much with a concurrent hiv infection? END
START how many physicians did namibia have in 2002? END
START how many physicians did namibia have as of 2012? END
START what is the risk of contracting malaria in namibia if a person is healthy? END
START what is the risk of death if a person has hiv but not a concurrent infection? END
START how many health professionals in total did namibia have in 2002? END
START what language sub-family is russian in? END
START where is russian an official language? END
START where is russian popular but not an official language? END
START how many living east slavic languages are there? END
START when was the earliest writing in old east slavonic? END
START what kind of language is ukranian? END
START in what countries is ukrainian officially spoken? END
START where is ukrainian also widely spoken, but not officially? END
START what family does ukrainian belong to? END
START when was ukrainian first officially written? END
START what kind of phonemes are soft sounds? END
START what kind of accent can mark stress? END
START what kind of words can acute accents distinguish? END
START what word means both lock and castle, depending on its accent? END
START what kind of phenomes are uncommon words? END
START where are uncommon words usually found? END
START what feature of the language is an uncommon word considered? END
START what are uncommon words or names considered to be and not usually indicated? END
START what is an uncommon word used to mark? END
START what language does russian descend from? END
START what are russian's closest relatives? END
START where is surzhyk used? END
START where is trasianka used? END
START what was 'little russian'? END
START what is ukranian a descendant of that is used in kievan rus'? END
START in what countries are surzhyk and trasianka spoken interchangeably? END
START in what centuries is it thought that the surzhyk language disappeared? END
START what is ukrainian thought to have played a role in forming? END
START what language does trasianka have similar words with? END
START what language does the russian orthodox church use? END
START what kind of words in russian have been influenced by church slavonic? END
START what word forms are used together in some cases? END
START what church uses mainly the russian language? END
START what has the russian orthodox church been experiencing in attendance recently? END
START what has the vocabulary of east slavic been influenced by? END
START how many meanings are there in modern forms of russian? END
START what has the literary style of east slavic been influenced by? END
START when did russian language spread to the peasants? END
START who spoke russian before the 20th century? END
START when did the soviets establish required education? END
START what nonstandard feature does southern russian use? END
START when did the soviet government begin only speaking fricative? END
START what kind of education system was used to teach the history of the noble classes to peasants? END
START who was responsible for formalizing colloquial speech? END
START what nonstandard feature do the noble classes have? END
START in the mid 20th century what  group was the only one that used colloquial speech? END
START how much of estonia is ethnic russians? END
START how much of estonia speaks russian? END
START what is the ratio of young estonians who speak russian relative to those who speak english? END
START how much of estonia's native estonians speaks russian? END
START what percentage of ethnic russians speak english? END
START how much of the native estonian population speaks english? END
START what is decreasing among ethnic russians? END
START what percentage of russians are between 15 and 19? END
START what has the percentage of 10-14 year olds in russia fallen to? END
START when did finland join the russian empire? END
START when did finland leave the russian empire? END
START what percent of finns speak russian? END
START how many finns speak russian? END
START how many russian-speaking finns are descended from early immigrants? END
START when did immigrants form the russian empire? END
START how many immigrants came to russia from 1809 to 1918? END
START what was the population of russia in 1908? END
START what book was written in 1918 by a prominent russian author? END
START in what year was the world factbook republished? END
START how many ukrainians speak russian natively as of 2004? END
START how many ukrainians speak russian actively as of 2004? END
START what percent of ukraine is fluent in russian as of 2006? END
START what percent of ukraine use russian as their main language as of 2006? END
START what is russian's legal status in ukraine? END
START how does the world factbook describe russian as? END
START how many people worldwide read the world factbook in 2001? END
START how many school students used the world factbook in school in ukraine in 2006? END
START what was the population of russia in 2001? END
START how many readers does demoskop weekly have in ukraine? END
START what pact contained many russian-speaking countries? END
START where was russian schooling mandatory in the 20th century? END
START which countries speak other slavic languages? END
START what pact was formed by cuba? END
START what three countries are former satellites of east germany? END
START where is polish no longer mandatory? END
START what is the fluency in polish in some countries according to the eurobarometer? END
START in which european countries do many russian immigrants live? END
START how many people in ireland speak russian? END
START how much of ireland's russian speakers are russian citizens? END
START how much of ireland's russian speakers are irish citizens? END
START how much of ireland's russian speakers are latvian citizens? END
START in which countries do spanish immigrants live? END
START when was the census of norway taken? END
START how many people in norway speak russian at home? END
START how many russian nationals are there in norway? END
START how many people living in norway have passports from latvia and lithuania? END
START what convention recognizes russian in armenia? END
START how many armenians speak russian natively? END
START how many armenians speak russian actively? END
START what percent of armenia speaks russian? END
START what percent of armenia uses russian as their main language? END
START how many people read demoskop weekly in 2004? END
START how much of the population used the world factbook in school? END
START in what year was the world factbook first released in armenia? END
START what was the population of armenia in 2009? END
START what percentage of the armenian population writes articles for the world factbook? END
START what convention recognizes russian in georgia? END
START how many georgians speak russian natively? END
START how many georgians speak russian actively? END
START what percent of georgia is fluent in russian? END
START what percent of georgia use russian as their main language? END
START what does demoskop weekly cite russian as being in ethnologue? END
START what was the population of georgia in 2006? END
START how much of the population of georgia had read the world factbook by 2006? END
START what percentage of the population of georgia works at home? END
START what status does ethnologue have in georgia's government? END
START what is the legal status of russian in kazakhstan? END
START how many people in kazakhstan speak russian natively? END
START how many people in kazakhstan speak russian actively? END
START what percent of people in kazakhstan speak russian fluently? END
START what percent of people in kazakhstan use russian as their main language? END
START according to article 7 of the constitution of kazakhstan, what do public employees have the same as the administration? END
START what was the population of kazakhstan in 2004? END
START what percentage of the population of kazakhstan was employed in 2006? END
START how many people in kazakhstan were able to read the world factbook in 2004? END
START how much of the population aged 15 and above used the world factbook in school in 2009? END
START where did russian explorers first reach north america? END
START when did russian explorers first reach north america? END
START when did the us buy alaska? END
START what portion of russian-speaking americans are ethnic russians? END
START what is the term for russian-speaking people? END
START what did new york buy in the 1700's? END
START when did explorers from north america first reach russia? END
START what is the term for jews living in russia? END
START how many jews lived in russia in the 1700's? END
START in what year did central asians immigrate to russia? END
START for which mission did nasa astronauts first learn russian? END
START when did apollo-soyuz fly? END
START what are russian astronauts called? END
START what math competition has russian as an official language? END
START when was the international space station launched into space? END
START in what year was the imf created? END
START what did the un take part in launching in 1975? END
START what organization supports nasa astronauts? END
START what organization first began taking donations in 1975? END
START what is the second-most-popular language online as of 2013? END
START what percent of all websites are in english? END
START what percent of all websites are in russian? END
START what percent of all .ru websites are in russian? END
START what percent of ukraine's websites are in russian? END
START what is japanese on the internet after english? END
START what percentage of sites with the .su domain use english? END
START how many websites in ukraine use english? END
START what percentage of websites in tajikistan use english? END
START in march 2013 how many people used japanese on all websites? END
START what two regions do some linguists divide russian into? END
START what three regions do some linguists divide russian into? END
START what distinguishes russian dialects? END
START what two groupings are linguists divided into? END
START what does muscovy lie on between the two divisions? END
START how many ancient relics were found in moscow after 1900? END
START how many categories of ancient relics are there? END
START why were ancient relics lying in the central region of russia? END
START what is okanye? END
START what articles are similar to bulgarian? END
START what do some russian dialects do about vowels? END
START what region of dialects is the volga river area in? END
START along what river is macedonian spoken? END
START how does macedonian pronounce unstressed o? END
START what do some macedonian dialects do with vowels? END
START in okanye what does macedonian have in place of -to, -ta, -te? END
START what dialects are spoken in macedonia? END
START what is pronounced [a] in southern russian? END
START what is pronounced [] in moscow's dialect? END
START what does southern russian have a linguistic continuum with? END
START what is called yakanye in standard and northern dialects? END
START what do standard dialects have a linguistic continuum with? END
START in a semivowel what is unpalatalized? END
START what consonants are included in belarusian? END
START what do consonants include in ukranian? END
START who made the first dialectal russian dictionary? END
START in what century was the first dialectal russian dictionary published? END
START when did lomonosov study russian dialects? END
START when were detailed maps of russian dialects created? END
START how long did it take to compile the dialectological atlas of the russian language? END
START what was created by lomonosov at the turn of the 20th century? END
START how many volumes of the first dictionary were published in the 18th century? END
START how long did it take for the first dictionary to be published? END
START what kind of vocabulary did lomonosov create in the 19th century? END
START when did lomonosov map russian dialects? END
START what did the old letter  become? END
START what did the old letters  and  become? END
START what did the old letter  become? END
START what did the old letter  become? END
START what did the old letter  become? END
START what  did the ja or a originally indicate the pronunciation of? END
START what did the r become? END
START what did the h become phonetically? END
START the ja or a indicated the pronunciation of a reduced what? END
START what was ja merged into? END
START what is 'moroz' a transliteration of? END
START what is 'mysh' a transliteration of? END
START what font technology has reduced the need for transliteration? END
START what does 'moroz' mean? END
START what does 'mysh' mean? END
START what kind of restrictions are there on russian speaking typists? END
START what coding was created in russia? END
START what alphabet is used to transliterate english? END
START what language was the qwerty keyboard first programmed to be used in? END
START what extension fully incorporates the latin alphabet? END
START who created koi8-r encoding? END
START what system used cp1251 encoding? END
START what systems used ibm866 encoding? END
START what encoding did early macs use? END
START in what years was cp1251 encoding used in most russian online usage? END
START when was ko18-r designed by microsoft? END
START during what period was ms-dos created? END
START what adverse event did the creation of k018-r create? END
START how did the chaos created by the k018-r end? END
START what did k018-r become a defacto standard in? END
START what organization is the institute of russian language part of? END
START what can optional acute accents indicate? END
START what is distinguished from 'lock' only by an accent, in russian? END
START what is distinguished from 'this is odd' only by an accent, in russian? END
START what is distinguished from 'wothwhile' only by an accent, in russian? END
START what organization writes books for russian learners? END
START what should be used to teach russian learners according to the russian academy of sciences? END
START what do children feel when they are learning russian? END
START where is context mandatory for children and russian learners? END
START where can a russian learner usually find uncommon words? END
START who says russian has 6 vowels? END
START when are russian vowels written differently? END
START what dialect is standard russian based on? END
START what language does russian treat hard consonants similar to? END
START what is done to unstressed vowels? END
START how many classes are there at the st. petersburg phonological school? END
START when are irish vowels written differently? END
START what pairs do vowels come in, in irish? END
START what kind of stress is there in the irish language? END
START what is the variation in pitch in irish? END
START what might /k/ be considered? END
START what is palatalization? END
START how are 'dental' sounds pronounced? END
START what might r be considered? END
START g is considered marginal but not considered what? END
START what is the only minimal pair that shows g is a separate phoneme? END
START what does allophone mean? END
START what does the tongue produce with g and x? END
START when did eastern slavs become the dominant group in the area of ukraine? END
START when was kievan rus' formed? END
START what countries did kievan rus' become? END
START what was the main language in kievan rus'? END
START when did kievan rus' adopt christianity? END
START what group of dialects did christians speak in 1000 ad? END
START when was byzantine greek formed? END
START when were historic records first kept? END
START what commercial language was adopted by christians in 880? END
START what countries trace their origins to greece? END
START where did russian get specialized vocabulary from? END
START what second language was common among russian nobles by 1800? END
START what third language was common among russian nobles by 1800? END
START who wrote 'war and peace'? END
START what language often appeared in russian novels without translation? END
START in what year did peter the great come to power? END
START what did peter the great write in 1800? END
START what was peter the great's goal for writing war and peace? END
START how many germans immigrated to france in 1800? END
START what did tolstoy write to reform germany? END
START who revolutionized modern russian? END
START what did pushkin reject from older russian? END
START what was 'high style'? END
START what happened to some expressions in pushkin's writing? END
START what dates from the time of lermontov? END
START how did lermontov revolutionize russian literature? END
START what did lermontov favor instead of archaic grammar and vocabulary? END
START what kind of difficulties did gogol have when reading lermontov's texts? END
START how many words used by lermontov have become archaic? END
START when did the ussr dissolve? END
START when did the ussr make russian the official language? END
START what unofficial status did russian have in the ussr before 1990? END
START what was declared the official language of constituent republics in 1991? END
START what policy fluctuated in practice in 1991? END
START in what year did other ethnic groups discourage native language? END
START in what year did constituent republics not have an official language? END
START what was the national discourse about in 1990? END
START what department is the research center for sociological research part of? END
START who wrote "russian language at the turn of the 20th-21st centuries"? END
START when was "russian language at the turn of the 20th-21st centuries" published? END
START what does arefyev say is happening to russian? END
START what study was published in 2006? END
START in what year did a. l. arefyev work for demoskop weekly? END
START what are local languages losing in general? END
START what department is demoskop weekly a part of in russia? END
START what has a. l. arefyev's position been at demoskop weekly since 2012? END
START what is the usaf? END
START how many uniformed services are there in the united states? END
START when did the usaf split from the us army? END
START what act formed the usaf? END
START what is one of the functions of the usaf? END
START how many departments are there in the department of defense? END
START who does the secretary of the air force currently report to?  END
START what branch of the government must confirm the president's appointment of the secretary of the air force?  END
START who serves as a member of the joint chiefs of staff? END
START who assigns combat missions to the air force?  END
START how many core functions did the air force reduce its duties down to recently?  END
START what do these core functions of the air force express?  END
START what are not considered doctrinal constructs of the air force?  END
START what is the mission set of the air force called that includes nuclear strike operations?  END
START how does the air force promote security to its allies?  END
START what do potential adversaries threaten that the us air force prevents?  END
START what is the us air force prepared to do to support its allies?  END
START what is the definition of a nuclear strike?  END
START what action by the us air force would deter adversaries from threatening us security?  END
START who has the authorization in the us to terminate a conflict? END
START what organization does the us air force support on its missions?  END
START what is one of the areas where the us air force might operate its missions?  END
START what ensures the safety of nuclear operations?  END
START what is a broken arrow incident in nuclear security?  END
START what is the mission of the ndo in regards to nuclear security?  END
START what is one of the five functions of ndo support?  END
START what other us departments does the air force coordinate with for nuclear security?  END
START what does the abbreviation oca stand for?  END
START what is the function or definition of the oca according to jp 1-02? END
START oca is the preferred method of defeating what kind of attacks?  END
START what is one of the important functions of the oca in dealing with attacks?  END
START what does the abbreviation dca stand for?  END
START what sort of airspace is the dca designed to protect? END
START what is active defense, according to the functions of the dca?  END
START what kind of missile defense does active defense protect against, according to the dca? END
START what is one of the many ways the dca utilizes passive defense to protect from enemy attacks?  END
START what is the dominance in space of one force over another?  END
START what does space superiority encompass?  END
START who does space superiority ensure freedom of action in space for?  END
START what areas does space superiority operate in?  END
START what is the definition of space control according to the us and its allies?  END
START what is one of the areas of operation that space control serves to protect?  END
START what is the operational environment that space control depends on?  END
START who responds with the employment of capabilities where there is a threat? END
START what is the definition of cnd? END
START what does cyberspace defense include? END
START what is one of the things that cyberspace defense highly dependent on?  END
START what branch of the military is in charge of cyberspace defense?  END
START what division ensures the air force's information integrity and availability?  END
START what is ability is critical in cyberspace supports mission? END
START what important networks is it the function of cyberspace support to protect? END
START what techniques does the cyberspace support branch of the air force use?  END
START what is the definition of command and control in the air force operations?  END
START who is in charge of the command and control operations?  END
START what is one of the c2 related functions that the command and control mission of the air force uses?  END
START what are the main objectives of the command and control initiative?  END
START what agency is in charge of intelligence requirements?  END
START what is one of the ways that the air force uses planning and directing in its operations?  END
START who benefits from the process analysis and dissemination of this information?  END
START what are special operations?  END
START what are the goals of special operations?  END
START what kind of forces can special operations missions employ?  END
START what is one of the ways that special operations is different from conventional methods? END
START what is the definition of airlift according to the air mobility operations?  END
START what objectives does airlift support?  END
START how does the us employ the global reach capability of airlift?  END
START what does this us presence represent during a humanitarian crisis?  END
START what is the movement of patients who need medical attention called? END
START who coordinates the deployment of thee aeromedical evacuation?  END
START where does the aeromedical evacuation team transport casualties?  END
START who operates and is able to conduct airland missions?  END
START what does the abbreviation pr stand for in terms of the us military? END
START what is the definition of a personnel recovery mission?  END
START what is one of the ways that pr uses its capabilities in a crisis?  END
START what are the types of international duties of the pr mission?  END
START what are programs that are designed to help with natural or manmade disaters?  END
START what kinds of endemic conditions do the human assistance operations entail?  END
START what kind of humanitarian assistance is supplied by the us forces? END
START who is the humanitarian support intended to help?  END
START what does building partnerships relate to in the air force?  END
START what are the goals of the building partnership interactions? END
START what sort of inter-personal relationships does building partnerships encourage?  END
START what is the major goal of building partnerships in these deeds and actions? END
START what are airmen expected to be competent in for these building partnerships missions? END
START who created the first version of the us air force in 1907? END
START when did the us air force separate from the war department?  END
START how many causalities did the us air force suffer during wwii?  END
START what does the usaaf stand for?  END
START who signed the national security act of 1947?  END
START what was the national military establishment renamed in 1949? END
START how many subordinate divisions did the national military establishment contain? END
START what does the us navy's responsibilities include? END
START who is in charge of closed air support of infantry operations?  END
START what american broke the sound barrier in 1947? END
START when did the usaf have several missteps of aircraft procurement projects?  END
START who wrote that these aircraft procurement projects were a failure of intellect and ethics? END
START when were the military leaders replaced after a scandal over failure to maintain its nuclear arsenal?  END
START what did the usaf strive to improve since 2005? END
START what is the deployment phase of bmt called?  END
START what other training do the us air force personnel get during bmt?  END
START who acts as a mentor during this deployment phase of the bmt? END
START what year did the usaf take a reduction-in-force? END
START why did the usaf plan to take a reduction-in-force? END
START how many usaf personnel did the reduction end in during 2008? END
START what has there been a sharp reduction in during the years following 2005 in the usaf? END
START who was robert gates?  END
START what secretary of the air force resigned in 2008? END
START what us chief of staff of the us air force also resigned in june of 2008? END
START where did the us air force accidentally ship a component of nuclear weapons?  END
START when was the air force global strike command formed? END
START why was the usaf forced to ground some of its squadrons in 2013? END
START who was the commander of air combat command in 2013? END
START why have many us air force pilots opted to resign from active service?  END
START where have many of these us air force pilots chosen to find employment instead?  END
START what is one of the concerns of the air force?  END
START how did the usaf try to make these adjustments to help with strength and readiness of its fleet?  END
START how much money did congress give to the usaf to enable them to replace some of the grounded fleet?  END
START who is the department of the air force managed by? END
START who does the secretary of the air force report to? END
START who appoints the top positions in the usaf, including the assistant secretaries and general council? END
START upon whom does the president call on for support in his appointments to the usaf? END
START who does the senior leadership roles in the usaf include?  END
START who directs the secretary of the air force during operational missions?  END
START what does the abbreviation chop stand for?  END
START who is in charge of these change in operational control missions?  END
START who does the amc forces usually retain their componency to? END
START what are "chopped" units called in the usaf? END
START what is the top level structure of these chopped forces in the usaf?  END
START what does the c-naf provide support to? END
START who does the c-naff coordinate with on acee missions? END
START what kind of afsc is a jag? END
START what is one of the many types of afsc employed by the usaf?  END
START what is an example of an occupational field position in the usaf? END
START what is one of the most dangerous jobs for usaf personnel? END
START what does the abbreviation eod stand for in the usaf? END
START what do some of these special missions in the usaf who deploy with the infantry do? END
START what are these enlisted positions in the usaf complimented by? END
START what other career fields have seen an increase in active combat missions?  END
START what usaf tech school has 31 days of training? END
START how long is the training for explosive ordnance disposal in the usaf? END
START who conducts the training for technical officers in the usaf? END
START how long does the flight training for the aetc's nineteenth air force last?  END
START what groups is the usaf rank divided amoung?  END
START how are enlisted promotions in the usaf decided?  END
START how are officer promotions within the usaf decided? END
START how is a commissioned officer's rank shown? END
START what are air force officer promotions overseen by? END
START was does ropma stand for in the usaf?  END
START who establishes limits on the amount of air force officers?  END
START how long does it usually take to be promoted from second to first lieutenant in the usaf?  END
START what promotion in the usaf is governed by a formal selection process? END
START where is an officer's record in the usaf reviewed for a promotion? END
START what state is the randolph air force base located in?  END
START when does promotion from major to lieutenant colonel in the usaf typically occur? END
START the promotion process repeats when for officers promoted early in the usaf? END
START what section in the us code for the secretary of the air force allows for the appointment of warrant officers? END
START when did the usaf inherit warrant officer ranks from the army? END
START when did congress authorize the creation of two new senior officer grades? END
START when did the usaf stop appointing warrant officers? END
START what is the newest top enlisted grade in the usaf? END
START what is the lowest pay grade in the usaf? END
START what is the highest pay grade in the usaf? END
START what pay grades are included in the usaf for senior ncos? END
START what does junior nco refer to in the usaf pay grade system? END
START when does nco status occur in the usaf? END
START when does nco status happen in all other branches of the us military? END
START what must a senior airman do to become a supervisor in the usaf? END
START what rank is nco status achieved in the us army? END
START when was the first usaf dress uniform introduced? END
START where was the uxbridge blue dress uniform developed? END
START when was the current usaf dress uniform standardized?  END
START where does an officer in the usaf wear their rank insignia?  END
START what is worn by usaf members to indicate a billet assignment?  END
START what else can badges be used to designate in the usaf?  END
START what is one of the types of authorized badges in the usaf?  END
START when is the special "pocket rocket" badge given to usaf personnel working in a missile system operation?  END
START usaf officers can be commissioned after graduation from what school?  END
START what is another program that allows officers to become commissioned in the usaf? END
START where is the ots in the us currently located? END
START how many commissioning programs does the ots offer the usaf? END
START what is a line officer in the usaf?  END
START what does the air force provide for officers of direct to non-line positions? END
START what fields of study in the cot are included in this area of the usaf?  END
START what is an example of the coursework now offered in the cot in the usaf?  END
START what test is designed to test the fitness of airmen in the usaf?  END
START what is the more strict program that the usaf adopted in 2010 called? END
START how long is the run that the usaf airmen are tested on for the fitness program?  END
START what is a passing score on the us air force fitness test?  END
START what score must an airman get on the us air force fitness test to be able to opt out of one of the mandatory twice a year retests?  END
START what are the ground-attack aircraft in the usaf usually deployed in support for?  END
START what does the closeness to friendly troops require of these us air force aircraft? END
START what part of a battle line are the precision strike aircraft of the usaf deployed? END
START what type of aircraft is not appropriate to be used in close proximity of us ground troops?  END
START what are most attack aircraft in the us air force designed to do?  END
START what type of usaf aircraft is designed for long range airstrike attacks?  END
START what types of aircraft are typically limited to close proximity of battlefield conflict by the usaf?  END
START what increases the radius of combat missions by the us air force? END
START what countries utilize strategic bomber aircraft in their missions?  END
START when did the b-2a aircraft enter into service of the us air force?  END
START when did the usaf introduce the b-1b aircraft?  END
START what aircraft in the usaf was introduced in the 1960s? END
START how long is the b-52h scheduled to remain in service of the usaf?  END
START what aircraft is scheduled to replace the b-52 in the usaf? END
START what type of aircraft is used to deliver troops and weapons to military operations?  END
START what aircraft are considered the workhorses of the us air force? END
START the cv-22 aircraft is used by what section of the usaf? END
START what aircraft offers antarctic support to the us air force? END
START what did the usaf use the wc-130h aircraft for before they converted them for transport missions?  END
START what is the purpose of electronic warfare? END
START what nickname is given to electronic warfare aircraft? END
START what does the usaf use electronic warfare aircraft for? END
START what is the ec-130h used for by the us air force?  END
START what does the usaf use the e-4b aircraft for? END
START what is the primary function of the usaf fighter aircraft? END
START what is the name of a type of dual purpose fighter-bomber aircraft used by the us air force? END
START what aircraft is used by the us air demonstration group the thunderbirds? END
START what kind of aircraft is utilized by the usaf in full scale aerial targets? END
START what are the qf-4 aircraft being replaced by the us air force?  END
START what kind of aircraft is the usaf's kc-135? END
START how does the aerial refueling aircraft supply fuel during flight? END
START when is air-to-air refueling primarily used by the us air force? END
START what aircraft will be available for use by the us air force in 2017? END
START what us secretary of defense accepted resignations of top us air force officials in june of 2009? END
START what us secretary of the air force resigned following a nuclear weapons problem ? END
START who was appointed to the chief of staff of the air force following mosley's resignation? END
START what newspaper reported on schwartz's dismantlement of the us air force's class system? END
START what author wrote about the us air force egalitarian culture? END
START how does the us air force differ from other branches of the military? END
START how have the enlisted forces of the us air force been seen? END
START what is the reason for the shortage of uav operators in the us air force? END
START during what war the the usaf establish a new career field for piloting uavs and drones? END
START why did the usaf change its training methods on uavs in 2014? END
START what branch of the us military does a cultural divide prevent the us air force from adopting their drone protocols? END
START where did some of the us air force traditions come from?  END
START what traditions does the us air force have?  END
START what organization did the us air force adopt "challenge coins" from? END
START what does the roof stomp tradition signify in the us air force? END
START what was a recent us air force recruiting slogan?  END
START what does the usaf slogan uno ab alto mean?  END
START what is the most recent us air force recruitment slogan in october 2010? END
START where can individual each usaf wing, group or squadrons individual motto be found? END
START what type of atmosphere can led lighting be used? END
START what is an advantage to using led lighting over the normal light sources? END
START what does led stand for? END
START why are some people hesitant to use led lighting? END
START what is a popular use for led lighting? END
START what type of atmosphere can't led lighting be used? END
START what is an advantage to using non-led lighting over the normal light sources? END
START  what does leed stand for? END
START  why aren't some people hesitant to use led lighting? END
START  what is a popular use for non-led lighting? END
START led lighting is the end result of what phenomenon? END
START when was electroluminescence discovered? END
START what was the nationality of the man who discovered electroluminescence? END
START what type of detector did h.j. round use to help him in his discovery? END
START who is the soviet man that created the first led? END
START led lighting is the beginning result of what phenomenon? END
START  when was non-electroluminescence discovered? END
START what was the nationality of the woman who discovered electroluminescence? END
START what type of light did h.j. round use to help him in his discovery? END
START  who is the soviet man that created the second led? END
START what year was it discovered that early led instruments could be used for non-radio communication? END
START who discovered non-radio uses for early led devices? END
START the current in non-radio communication had to go through what type of component? END
START what other component was needed to detect the first current of a non-radio signal? END
START what final device was needed to hear the signal from the initial gaas diode? END
START what year was it discovered that early led instruments could be used for radio communication? END
START who discovered radio uses for early led devices? END
START  the current in radio communication had to go through what type of component? END
START what other component was needed to detect the second current of a radio signal? END
START  what first device was needed to hear the signal from the initial gaas diode? END
START in what state what near-infrared light emission discovered?  END
START what type of diode was used to help discover near-infrared light emission? END
START in what year was the patent filed for the semiconductor radiant diode? END
START what was the first practical led? END
START the two inventors of the first practical diode were employed by what famous company? END
START in what state what not-infrared light emission discovered? END
START  what type of diode was used to help discover non-infrared light emission? END
START in what year was the patent filed for the non-semiconductor radiant diode? END
START  what was the first non-practical led? END
START the two inventors of the first practical non-diode were employed by what famous company? END
START at what global company was the first visible-spectrum led developed? END
START what ge employee developed the visible-spectrum led? END
START what color is associated with the visible-spectrum led? END
START what color led was later created in 1972? END
START what graduate student of holonyak created the yellow led? END
START at what global company was the first non-visible-spectrum led developed? END
START  what ge employee developed the non-visible-spectrum led? END
START  what color is associated with the non-visible-spectrum led? END
START  what color non-led was later created in 1972? END
START  what graduate student of holonyak created the yellow non-led? END
START what was the first commercial uses of leds? END
START how much did the early leds cost? END
START what was one use of early led light in products? END
START what modern company introduced leds in 1968? END
START in what decade were production costs greatly reduced for leds to enable successful commercial uses? END
START what was the first commercial uses of non-leds? END
START how much did the early non-leds cost? END
START  what was one use of early non-led light in products? END
START  what modern company introduced non-leds in 1968? END
START in what decade were production costs greatly reduced for non-leds to enable successful commercial uses? END
START what color led was demonstrated in 1994? END
START who demonstrated the first blue led? END
START what did nakamura, akasaki, and amano receive for their work? END
START who investigated the efficiency of high-brightness led at cardiff university in 1995? END
START what substance did barbieri use in his work with high-brightness led? END
START  what color non-led was demonstrated in 1994? END
START  who demonstrated the first red led? END
START  what did nakamura, akasaki, and amano receive for their study? END
START who investigated the efficiency of low-brightness led at cardiff university in 1995? END
START what substance did barbieri use in his work with low-brightness led? END
START what led quickly followed the blue leds? END
START what does the yag phosphor coating produce? END
START what led quickly followed the red leds? END
START  what does the yag phosphor coating not produce? END
START what converts absorbed light energy into an electric current? END
START what is the phenomenon where a p-n junction emits light when an electrical current is applied to it? END
START where are the free electrons located in the production of electroluminescence? END
START whose energy levels are lower than the electrons in the electroluminescence process? END
START why is some energy in the electroluminescence process emitted as heat and light? END
START what converts absorbed light energy into an non-electric current? END
START what is the phenomenon where a p-n junction emits light when a non-electrical current is applied to it? END
START  where are the free electrons located in the production of non-electroluminescence? END
START whose energy levels are lower than the non-electrons in the electroluminescence process? END
START why is some energy in the electroluminescence process emitted as heat and darkness? END
START in what year was a new type of blue led produced? END
START who demonstrated in 2003 the new type of blue led? END
START how much more efficient as standard incandescents was the white led commercially available in 2003? END
START what is the typical operating current for high-power leds? END
START  in what year was a new type of red led produced? END
START  who demonstrated in 2003 the new type of red led? END
START how much more efficient as standard incandescents was the red led commercially available in 2003? END
START  what is the typical operating current for low-power leds? END
START what is a symptom of led failure? END
START what is rare in led lighting? END
START what was notable in early red leds? END
START what could cause early light-output degradation in leds? END
START what is a classification used in led lighting to describe how much usefulness it will receive? END
START  what is a symptom of non-led failure? END
START  what is rare in non-led lighting? END
START  what was notable in early white leds? END
START  what could cause early light-output degradation in non-leds? END
START  what is a classification used in non-led lighting to describe how much usefulness it will receive? END
START led efficacy is inversely proportional to what? END
START where is led lighting very well suited? END
START leds produce less waste heat than what other device? END
START what is led lighting more susceptible to than incandescent light? END
START led efficacy is not inversely proportional to what? END
START  where is led lighting not very well suited? END
START  leds produce less waste cold than what other device? END
START  what is non-led lighting more susceptible to than incandescent light? END
START the first blue-violet led was developed at what university? END
START when was the first blue-violet led developed? END
START what students developed the first blue-violet led? END
START what substance helped demonstrate the first blue electroluminescence? END
START  the first red-violet led was developed at what university? END
START  when was the first red-violet led developed? END
START  what students developed the first red-violet led? END
START what substance helped demonstrate the first red electroluminescence? END
START in what decade were breakthroughs made that brought in the modern era of gan-based optoelectronic devices? END
START who first patented a method to produce high-brightness blue leds? END
START who first invented a method to produce high-brightness blue leds? END
START what technology was made possible by high-power blue light sources? END
START what is one modern gadget that benefits from high-power blue led lighting? END
START in what decade were breakthroughs made that brought in the ancient era of gan-based optoelectronic devices? END
START who first patented a method to produce high-brightness red leds? END
START who first invented a method to produce high-brightness red leds? END
START what technology was made possible by low-power blue light sources? END
START what is one modern gadget that benefits from high-power red led lighting? END
START what nobel prize did nakamura, amano, and akasaki receive in 2014? END
START what award did nakamura receive in 2006 for his invention? END
START how many companies did a judge say infringed on dr. moustakas's prior blue light patent in 2015? END
START what was the fine given to the three companies? END
START what nobel prize did nakamura, amano, and akasaki receive in 2013? END
START  what award did nakamura receive in 2016 for his invention? END
START how many companies did a judge say infringed on dr. moustakas's prior red light patent in 2015? END
START what was the fine given to the four companies? END
START what are cladding layers? END
START how can light emission be varied from violet to amber? END
START what does algan stand for? END
START what leds are more efficient when produced from the ingan/gan systems than without? END
START  what are non-cladding layers? END
START  how can light emission be varied from red to amber? END
START  what does algean stand for? END
START what leds are more efficient when produced from the inegan/gaen systems than without? END
START what substance does nitrides contain? END
START what sort of leds are becoming more available on the market? END
START what is the range of wavelengths for cheap uv leds? END
START shorter wavelength diodes provide wavelengths as low as what? END
START what uv wavelengths are found in sterilization devices? END
START what substance does nitrides not contain? END
START what sort of non-leds are becoming more available on the market? END
START  what is the range of wavelengths for cheap uv leeds? END
START  longer wavelength diodes provide wavelengths as low as what? END
START what uv wavelengths are found in non-sterilization devices? END
START what colors are used to form white light? END
START what is the method called that mixes red, green, and blue colors to form white light? END
START what does the multi-color white led method need to produce the end result? END
START what is another name to reference the multi-color white led method? END
START  what colors are used to form red light? END
START what is the method called that mixes red, green, and blue colors to form blue light? END
START  what does the non-multi-color white led method need to produce the end result? END
START what is another name to reference the solo-color white led method? END
START what is one type of multi-color white led? END
START what is a factor that may be different in the various types of multi-color white leds? END
START higher efficiency in multi-color white leds may mean what? END
START what type has the best luminous efficacy? END
START what luminous efficacy does trichromatic white leds have? END
START what is one type of solo-color white led? END
START what is a factor that may be different in the various types of multi-color red leds? END
START  higher efficiency in multi-color white leds don't mean what? END
START  what type has the worst luminous efficacy? END
START  what luminous efficacy does non-trichromatic white leds have? END
START multi-color leds offer what else besides the formation of white light? END
START what problem must be solved before multi-color leds can play a role in the market? END
START what problem results when rising temperatures decays power? END
START multi-color leds offer what else besides the formation of red light? END
START  what problem must be solved before non-multi-color leds can play a role in the market? END
START  what problem results when lowering temperatures decays power? END
START what method involves coating leds of one color with phosphors of different colors? END
START in pcleds method, a fraction of what light is used? END
START what shift does blue light undergo in the pcleds method? END
START the different colors of phosphors that can be used is based on what? END
START what broadens the emitted spectrum in a pcleds method? END
START what method involves coating leds of multiple color with phosphors of different colors? END
START  in pcleds method, a fraction of what light is never used? END
START  what shift does non-blue light undergo in the pcleds method? END
START he different colors of phosphors that can't be used is based on what? END
START why is efficiency sometimes lost in phosphor-based leds? END
START what do phosphor-based leds luminous efficacies depend on? END
START what are some of the luminous efficacies of yellow phosphor based white led compared to blue? END
START what is the most popular method for making high-intensity white leds? END
START what type of emitter is used in phosphor-based white led methods? END
START  why is efficiency never lost in phosphor-based leds? END
START  what don't phosphor-based leds luminous efficacies depend on? END
START what are some of the luminous efficacies of yellow phosphor based red led compared to blue? END
START what type of emitter is used in non-phosphor-based white led methods? END
START what can improve the efficiency of led-based white light? END
START what is the most efficient yellow phosphor? END
START what is the percentage of stoke shift loss in yag phosphor? END
START what area are scientists looking into regarding phosphor led development? END
START what is one method that can raise the efficiency of phosphor-based leds? END
START what can improve the efficiency of non-led-based white light? END
START  what is the least efficient yellow phosphor? END
START  what is the percentage of stoke shift loss in non-yag phosphor? END
START what area are scientists looking into regarding phosphor non-led development? END
START what is one method that can lower the efficiency of phosphor-based leds? END
START white leds can be made by coating what? END
START what are near-ultraviolet leds coated with to create white led? END
START what device also works in a similar way as nuv leds? END
START the method of coating nuvs less efficient than what other leds? END
START what light can harm human eyes or skin? END
START white leds can be made by not coating what? END
START  what are non-near-ultraviolet leds coated with to create white led? END
START  what device also works in a similar way as non-nuv leds? END
START  the method of coating nuvs more efficient than what other leds? END
START what is being used to produce white leds? END
START what size are the wafers used to create white leds? END
START by using silicon wafers, what is being avoided? END
START what needs to be used to reflect light that would otherwise be wasted? END
START by what year will% of all gan leds be made with gallium-nitride-on-silicon wafers? END
START  what is being used to produce white non-leds? END
START  what size are the wafers used to create red leds? END
START  by using silicon wafers, what is not being avoided? END
START what needs to not be used to reflect light that would otherwise be wasted? END
START what nanocrystals possess unique optical properties? END
START quantum dot leds can do what special skill? END
START the narrowing of the emission spectrum in quantum dot leds allows them to do what? END
START how many types of schemes are there in quantum dot led excitation? END
START  what non-nanocrystals possess unique optical properties? END
START  quantum dot leds don't do what special skill? END
START the narrowing of the emission spectrum in quantum dot leds disallows them to do what? END
START how many types of schemes are there in non-quantum dot led excitation? END
START what is one scheme of quantum dot excitation? END
START what is one material used in electrical-excitation? END
START during the electrical-excitation scheme, what moves into the quantum dot layer? END
START a quantum dot led has been used in what? END
START  what is one scheme of non-quantum dot excitation? END
START  what is one material used in non-electrical-excitation? END
START during the electrical-excitation scheme, what moves into the non-quantum dot layer? END
START  a quantum dot non-led has been used in what? END
START how many lumens can some high-power leds emit? END
START up to how many densities have been achieved with led power? END
START why must high-power leds be mounted on a heat sink? END
START what will happen if the heat from a high-power led is not removed? END
START what can one high-power led replace? END
START  how many lumens can some low-power leds emit? END
START  up to how many densities have never been achieved with led power? END
START  why must high-power leds be mounted on a heat rise? END
START what will happen if the heat from a low-power led is not removed? END
START  what can one low-power led replace? END
START what company has developed leds that can operate on ac power? END
START what is the efficacy of an ac powered hp-led? END
START when did seoul semiconductor release the first high dc voltage led? END
START what is so good about ac powered hp-leds? END
START what did seoul semiconductor name their ac powered hp-led? END
START what company has developed non-leds that can operate on ac power? END
START what is the efficacy of an non-ac powered hp-led? END
START  when did non-seoul semiconductor release the first high dc voltage led? END
START  what is so good about ac powered non-hp-leds? END
START what type of leds are available in seven-segment format? END
START what is another format that alphanumeric leds are available in? END
START which alphanumeric led display can display all letters? END
START what type of pixels does a dot matrix display use? END
START what has reduced the popularity of numeric led displays? END
START  what type of leds are available in eight-segment format? END
START what is another format that non-alphanumeric leds are available in? END
START  which non-alphanumeric led display can display all letters? END
START  what type of pixels does a dot matrix display not use? END
START what has reduced the popularity of numeric non-led displays? END
START what makes rgb leds different? END
START how are digital-rgb led strobe signals connected? END
START what object sources the data in of the first led of a digital rgb led? END
START the microprocessor does what in a digital rgb led? END
START what is one example of where digital rgb led lights are used? END
START what makes rgb leds the same? END
START  how are non-digital-rgb led strobe signals connected? END
START what object sources the data in of the first non-led of a digital rgb led? END
START  the non-microprocessor does what in a digital rgb led? END
START  what is one example of where non-digital rgb led lights are used? END
START what does an led filament consist of? END
START how are led filaments used? END
START what type of voltage is needed for led filaments? END
START what helps led filaments remain low cost? END
START single die leds require what? END
START  what does an non-led filament consist of? END
START  how are non-led filaments used? END
START  what type of voltage is needed for non-led filaments? END
START  what helps non-led filaments remain low cost? END
START how are leds similar to other diodes? END
START what can cause a large change in current in leds? END
START what is a solution to preventing an led failure? END
START what feature do most led fixtures need to have? END
START what is a constant-voltage source? END
START how are non-leds similar to other diodes? END
START  what can cause a large change in current in non-leds? END
START  what is a solution to preventing an non-led failure? END
START  what feature do no led fixtures need to have? END
START how are most leds classified? END
START what does being a class 1 led product mean? END
START what type of led can possibly cause blindness? END
START what class are extremely bright leds listed as? END
START which government advocated the banning of class 2 leds? END
START how are most non-leds classified? END
START  what does being a class 2 led product mean? END
START what type of led can't cause blindness? END
START what class are extremely dark leds listed as? END
START  which government advocated the suppoert of class 2 leds? END
START what substance does fluorescent lamps contain? END
START what dangerous metal can leds contain? END
START which leds are considered dangerous by a 2011 study? END
START according to a california study, what harmful metal is in most leds? END
START what leds are considered safer than any other? END
START what substance does non-fluorescent lamps contain? END
START  what dangerous metal can non-leds contain? END
START according to a california study, what harmful metal is in most non-leds? END
START  what leds are considered riskier than any other? END
START what type of light is ideal for traffic signals? END
START in what year were luminescence standards set? END
START what color leds are used when night vision is important? END
START what is an example of a night vision needed area? END
START what is another use for one-color light? END
START  what type of light is not ideal for traffic signals? END
START  in what year were non-luminescence standards set? END
START  what color non-leds are used when night vision is important? END
START  what is an example of a non-night vision needed area? END
START why are led lights sought after for various applications? END
START because of their high output, led lights are very useful where? END
START led brake lights are how many times faster than incandescent ones? END
START what color leds are now starting to be used more? END
START what types of light can leds form better than incandescent? END
START why are non-led lights sought after for various applications? END
START  because of their low output, led lights are very useful where? END
START ed brake lights are how many times slower than incandescent ones? END
START  what color leds are now not used more? END
START where are infrared leds used in everday life? END
START how are leds used in theaters? END
START leds can send data over what type of cable? END
START what type of fiber forms the backbone of the internet? END
START where are infrared non-leds used in everyday life? END
START how are non-leds used in theaters? END
START  leds can't send data over what type of cable? END
START  what type of fiber doesn't form the backbone of the internet? END
START in what country does one kilowatt-hour of electricity causes 1.34 pounds of co 2 emission? END
START how much co2 emission would a 40-watt light bulb produce after 10 hours? END
START a 6-watt led left on for 10 hours a day will emit how much co 2? END
START how much can a building's carbon footprint be reduced by switching to leds? END
START in what country does one kilowatt-hour of electricity causes 1.34 pounds of co 3 emission? END
START  how much co2 emission would a 50-watt light bulb produce after 10 hours? END
START  a 9-watt led left on for 10 hours a day will emit how much co 2? END
START how much can a building's carbon footprint be reduced by switching to non-leds? END
START leds are often used for what type of systems? END
START why are leds preferred for machine vision systems? END
START what can help make leds more widely used? END
START what is the most common example of a machine vision system? END
START where are some leds in machine vision systems found? END
START  non-leds are often used for what type of systems? END
START  why aren't leds preferred for machine vision systems? END
START what can't help make leds more widely used? END
START  what is the most uncommon example of a machine vision system? END
START where are some leds in machine vision systems not found? END
START where are leds often used? END
START what is an example of a device that uses free space optic communications? END
START what does an optoisolator do? END
START where are opto-isolators found? END
START in what common household item can you find infrared leds? END
START where are leds not often used? END
START what is an example of a device that uses not free space optic communications? END
START  what does an optoisolator don't do? END
START what video game console uses infrared leds? END
START what device uses infrared leds to measure oxygen saturation? END
START some flatbed scanners use what type of led? END
START by using leds, scanners do not have to what? END
START grow lights use leds for what process? END
START what video game console doesn't use infrared leds? END
START non- what device uses infrared leds to measure oxygen saturation? END
START  some flatbed scanners use what type of what? END
START what quality has leds been used as? END
START what led has the flattest i/v curve above the knee? END
START what leds have a very steep i/v curve? END
START led forward voltage is more current-dependent than what diode? END
START zener diodes below what voltage are not widely available? END
START what quality hasn't leds been used as? END
START  what led has the least flattest i/v curve above the knee? END
START what leds have a not very steep i/v curve? END
START what leds don't have a very steep i/v curve? END
START what was the formalization of the division of small powers and great powers? END
START during the post napoleonic era where were the first great powers concentrated? END
START during what 2 wars was the balance of power shift most dramatic? END
START what is another term for great power? END
START why was the term formalization and division first used?  END
START which international balance of power formally created the division between small and great powers? END
START in what year was the definitive list of powers signed? END
START for which post napoleonic era has the balance of power shifted dramatically? END
START what is another term used in place of international balance of power? END
START what do great powers usually have? END
START what are the permanent members of un security council? END
START what are the countries in the g7? END
START what 3 factors have international relations theorists considered factors for great power status? END
START what great power has five permanent members? END
START what international structure exerts its influence on a global scale? END
START what has the united nations security council characterized as comprising great power status? END
START what spatial aspects are canada, france, germany, italy, japan, the united kingdom and the united states a part of? END
START in what conference are great powers opinions formally considered? END
START who wrote, "the test of a great power is the test of strength for war."? END
START whos was the founder of the neorealist theory of international relations? END
START what 5 criteria did neorealist use to determine great powers? END
START what 3 areas can summarize the great power determination? END
START what did the historian kenneth waltz note about great power? END
START with what terms did later writers define neorealist theory? END
START what term was used in early times to judge a state's political capacity? END
START what three groups can political capacity be divided into? END
START who was the founder of the neorealist theory on the test of strength for war? END
START what do all states have? END
START who stated that "great power may be defined as a political force exerting an effect co-extensive with the widest range of the society in which it operates. the great powers of 1914 were 'world-powers"? END
START what type of powers should have actual influence throughout the scope of the prevailing international system? END
START what type of power is restricted to its region? END
START what three things do all political forces have? END
START what should a western society possess? END
START what is a range of society restricted to? END
START what were international systems called in 1914? END
START what political force was world-wide in 1914? END
START what discussion should great powers be included on? END
START historically, when would great powers meet? END
START what types of decisions would great powers reach? END
START what criteria should groups like the un have? END
START in the past when would officially named participants meet? END
START what is an example of something united nations did to settle an issue? END
START what should geographical and nationalist claims have influence on? END
START what did criteria throughout history settle? END
START when did lord castlereagh first use the term great powers? END
START what position did lord castlereagh hold? END
START what did castlereagh determine as the last resort of great power's influence? END
START what member of congress first used the term great powers? END
START when did lord castleereagh first use the term continental peace? END
START what did the great powers of europe send in 1814? END
START what general influence was agreed upon in the letter sent in 1814? END
START what is the great power turning against in the letter sent in 1814? END
START what 2 powers named in the 5 orignal great powers of the congress of vienna have maintained that status? END
START what country lost franco-prussian war? END
START what country emerged as the pre-eminent power, due to its navy and the extent of its territories? END
START balance of power of great powers was a major influence on what continents politics? END
START who stated that "all politics reduces itself to this formula: try to be one of three, as long as the world is governed by the unstable equilibrium of five great powers.?" END
START what two powers involved in the franco-prussian war have the same status today? END
START after wwii which country was the pre-eminent power? END
START what became a main influence for the congress of vienna? END
START by what formula are all great powers reduced? END
START what pre-eminent power lost the franco-prussian war? END
START was the power of the 5 countries constant? END
START what countries found their economic growth in early 20th century? END
START which of the 5 powers were beginning to stagnate in early 20th century? END
START what agreement replaced the congress of vienna? END
START what conflict was this agreement in opposition of? END
START during the risorgimento, what had changed since the congress of vienna? END
START what were other states doing through the political power process? END
START what was the us seeking to do after the meiji restoration? END
START what nation alliance was formed to be against the meiji restoration? END
START what did the balance of world power consist of after 1900? END
START what marked the conclusion of the great war? END
START who were  the chief arbiters of the new world order? END
START who created the treaty of versailles? END
START who were the big four? END
START what resulted after the end of the new world order? END
START what empire was defeated after the big four? END
START when did austria fall to revolution? END
START during the great war which four countries had more power and influence? END
START when did the united states pull out of the conference temporarily? END
START who were the four permanent members of the league of nations council? END
START why was united stated excluded from league of nations council? END
START when did us senate vote against treaty of versailles ratification? END
START what organiztion acted as acknowledgement of status of great powers? END
START when did the league of nations council vote against the treaty of versailles ratification? END
START why was france excluded from the league of nations council? END
START what four countries were permanent members of the senate? END
START what council voted against ratification of the treaty of versailles? END
START what did voting against the assembly of the league prevent? END
START when did world war ii start? END
START how many groups were involved in conflict of world war ii? END
START who made up the axis powers? END
START who were the winners of world war ii? END
START the winners of world war ii along with france were allotted permanent seats for what organization? END
START what trusteeship of the powerful started in 1939? END
START who made up the permanent seats alliances since 1937? END
START what was germany, italy and japan  and france recognized as by the un in 1942? END
START what were four alliances in wwii referred to? END
START who was part of the inclusion powers? END
START what is a superpower? END
START who first used the term superpower? END
START who were the three original superpowers? END
START who lost their superpower status in 1950s? END
START what are middle powers? END
START who first used the term overwhelming influence? END
START what are the regional powers according to william t. r. fox? END
START when did the soviet union lose its superpower status? END
START how many original middle powers are there? END
START which nations have a degree of overwhelming power but are not decisive internationally? END
START during the cold war, what european powers rebuilt their ecomonies? END
START by what year was china beginning to lose its hold as sole legitimate government? END
START when did china lose its permanent seat at un security council? END
START what powers rebuilt their economies during 1949? END
START what two countries status as military powers was questioned? END
START when did west germany lose its permanent un security council seat? END
START after the cold war, which country began to lose its status as sole legitimate government? END
START what did china and japan maintain to this day? END
START since what time has military conflicts receded? END
START what country has risen above other superpowers? END
START since what century has there always been parity in powers? END
START who's primacy has factored into maintaining peace among powers? END
START since what time has there been direct military conflicts among countries? END
START what has been important factor of the great powers receding into the background? END
START since the 1960's what power was briefly equal in parity with the us? END
START what country has been involved in major confrontations among powers? END
START what has the soviet union mentioned about relations between the great powers? END
START what formerly effective tool for international disputes is no longer effective among peer powers? END
START what great powers have maintained peace? END
START where have the powers maintained peace in recent years? END
START what was the last crisis during cold war to escalate world powers? END
START what countries agree that military force is effective to resolve disputes? END
START during what event did great powers use military force? END
START who mentioned that western great powers still use military force to resolve disputes? END
START what formerly effective tool for the cuban missile crisis is no longer effective? END
START where have western nations discussed using military force? END
START what countries are recognized as nuclear weapons states? END
START how many countries are permanent seats on the un security council? END
START what other countries are referred to as middle powers? END
START what treaty addresses nuclear weapons? END
START what treaty addresses global political and economic dominance? END
START what five countries are referred to as middle powers? END
START why are china, france, russia, the uk and the us seen as by middle powers? END
START what is there not consensus on among nations regarding powers? END
START what do the five nations have as middle powers on the un security council? END
START what countries are great powers mostly based on economic reasons? END
START due to lack of strategic and hard power, countries are excluded from what? END
START what is the name for the grouping of countries of china, france, russia and the united kingdom; germany and japan? END
START what two countries are great powers because of their hard power capabilities? END
START what grouping of world powers has japan been a member of? END
START what benefits do middle power countries have as permanent members at the un? END
START how large are france and russia's economies? END
START what are the five permanent security council members lacking militarily? END
START zbigniew brzezinski and malik mohan consider what country to be a great power too? END
START many academics debate the status of this country as a power? END
START is there agreement on the status of all powers? END
START who have recently recognized contemporary great powers? END
START what have observers long considered about india's status? END
START what do academics believe contemporary great powers remain? END
START what is the consensus about india's status among great powers? END
START what is one type of power some world powers view as india's status in the world? END
START milena sterio includes what former axis powers among great powers? END
START what emerging power is considered a great power? END
START what g7 members are among great powers? END
START which country is debated as intermittent and/or least of great powers? END
START what international organization members are considered great powers? END
START what separate status are germany, italy and japan given by various authors? END
START what permanent member of the unsc is considered the least of the great powers? END
START what former axis powers do various authors include as great powers? END
START why does milena sterio consider unsc members great powers? END
START what organization is often seen as a great power in addition to member counties? END
START what other tools are used as alternative to military force? END
START how many great powers are members of europian union? END
START what summits does eu have membership? END
START where does europe use its military dominance? END
START as a supranational union, what are the uk's limits? END
START how many great powers are members of the wto? END
START at what summits does germany have representation? END
START in what area is the wto exclusively competent? END
START how many wars occured between 1500s and 1953? END
START for bout how many years was an average of one great power fighting another each year? END
START what country had the most conflicts from 1500s through mid 20th century? END
START what span was the pax britannica? END
START between 1815 and 1914, how many acts of diplomacy were there and with what countries? END
START how many wars occurred pre-1960, that averaged about 5 years? END
START between 1815-1914 what country had the most defining characteristics of diplomacy? END
START in the 16th century, how many great powers were fighting each other in every year? END
START during what time frame was diplomacy frequent among the great powers? END
START what is a group of endothermic vertebrates characterised by feathers and toothless beaked jaws? END
START what is the smallest bird? END
START what is the largest bird? END
START what is the size of the smallest bird? END
START what is the size of the largest bird? END
START what are the last surviving dinosaurs, according o the fossil record? END
START when did true birds first appear? END
START name an example of an early stem-bird. END
START what makes birds uniquely adapted for flight? END
START what type of bird particularly played an important part in the inception of darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection? END
START which part of the bird developed from forelimbs? END
START which type of birds are among the most intelligent animals? END
START how to birds produce offspring? END
START where are eggs usually laid? END
START which birds are popular as pets? END
START what is guano? END
START what is the name of bird excrement? END
START what is harvested for use as fertilizer? END
START how many species of birds have become extinct as a result of human activity? END
START besides aves, what group contains the only living representatives of the reptile clade archosauria? END
START who defined aves to include only the crown group of the set of modern birds? END
START what is a sister group to aves? END
START what evidence leads most scientists to accept that birds are a specialized subgroup of theropod dinosaurs? END
START what is a group of theropods which include dromaeosaurs and oviraptorids? END
START recent discoveries in what country demonstrate many small theropod feathered dinosaurs. END
START what are the closest relatives of the deinonychosaurs? END
START what are the closest relatives of flying theropods? END
START dromaeosaurids and troodontids are members of what group? END
START what is known as one of the first transitional fossils to be found? END
START what was the first fossil to display both clearly traditional reptilian characteristics? END
START fossils with teeth, clawed fingers and a long lizard-like tail have what type of characteristics? END
START the oxfordian stage is also known as what? END
START how long ago was the late jurassic period? END
START avian species such as anchiornis huxleyi and xiaotingia zhengi are from which time period? END
START what may have been used in aerial maneuvering? END
START during which time period did avialans diversify into a wide variety of forms? END
START which forms retained the long bony tails of their ancestors? END
START when did the ancestor of all modern birds evolve a better sense of smell? END
START how long ago was the late cretaceous period? END
START what were the first large, diverse lineage of short-tailed avialans to evolve? END
START because of the construction of their shoulder bones, what were the enantiornithes called? END
START what was the dominant group of avialans during the cretaceous period? END
START when did enantiornithes become extinct? END
START what does euornithes mean? END
START why does euornithes mean "true birds?" END
START what group became the first avialans to develop true pygostyle and a fully mobile fan of tail feathers? END
START what may have replaced the "hind wing" as the primary mode of aerial maneuverability? END
START all modern birds lie within which crown group? END
START what is another name for aves? END
START the two subdivisions of what group include palaeognathae and neognathae? END
START what is the number range of living bird species? END
START what was the earliest divergence within the neognathes? END
START what is the superorder containing the anseriformes? END
START ducks, geese, swans and screamers are part of which group? END
START the pheasants, grouse and their allies form which group? END
START sibley and ahlquist' phylogeny and classification of birds is a landmark work on the classification of what animals? END
START what do scientists disagree about? END
START what do scientists tend to agree on? END
START birds live on how many continents? END
START highest bird diversity occurs in which regions? END
START some penguins have been recording diving up to how many feet? END
START some seabird species only come ashore for what purpose? END
START the ring-necked pheasant has been introduced as what kind of bird? END
START why have some species spread naturally far beyond their original ranges? END
START where have many birds established breeding populations? END
START what consists of very lightweight bones? END
START what does the skeleton consist of? END
START what are pneumatic cavities? END
START what are large air-filled cavities that connect to the respiratory system? END
START what is formed when vertebrae are fused with the pelvis? END
START what is it called when a bird's kidneys extract nitrogenous waste from their bloodstream and secrete it as uric acid? END
START which bid has a urinary bladder or external urethral opening? END
START what is a multi-purpose opening on birds? END
START how do most birds mate? END
START what aids birds with flight? END
START which animal has one of the most complex respiratory system of all animal groups? END
START upon inhalation, what percentage of fresh air bypasses the lungs and flows directly into a posterior air sac? END
START where does the other 25 percent of fresh air go? END
START sound production is achieved using what muscular chamber? END
START what is the syrinx? END
START the avian circulatory system is driven by what? END
START where is the heart contained in the avian circulatory system? END
START what lubricates the pericardial sac? END
START why are avian hearts larger than mammalian hearts when compared to body mass? END
START why are birds' arteries composed of thick elastic muscles? END
START what moves through the arteries? END
START what is organized into capillary beds in tissues? END
START what is the funneling that occurs that brings blood back to the heart? END
START which bird system is large relative to a bird's size? END
START what is tetrachromatic? END
START why do birds need to perceive ultraviolet light? END
START what regulates breeding activities? END
START what covers the eye and acts as a contact lens in many aquatic birds? END
START what is the fan shaped blood supply system in a bird's retina? END
START which birds have a wide visual field? END
START what kind of vision do owls have? END
START where is a bird's cochlea located? END
START what is known to sometimes result in injury or death? END
START what is another name for anhimidae? END
START what is another name for steamer ducks? END
START what do stone curlews use to punch and hammer opponents? END
START what is a feature characteristic of birds? END
START what feature of a bird facilitate flight? END
START what is pterylae? END
START what is regularly moulted? END
START what is the standard plumage of a bird that has moulted after breeding? END
START how often does moulting occur in most species? END
START what type of birds may moult only once every few years? END
START how often do birds groom their feathers? END
START what percentage of their day do birds groom their feathers? END
START what do birds use to brush away foreign particles? END
START what is the process of removing feather parasites? END
START what distinguishes birds from almost all other vertebrate classes? END
START what is the primary means of locomotion for most bird species? END
START how many large flight muscles do birds have? END
START pectoralis account for what percentage of total mass of a bird? END
START approximately how many extant bird species are flightless? END
START what is the term used for birds that employ many strategies to obtain food? END
START what is the term used for birds that concentrate time and effort on specific food items? END
START what type of birds have specially adapted brushy tongues? END
START what is the term for stealing food items from other birds? END
START what is kleptoparasitism? END
START a vulture is what type of bird? END
START how do nesting sandgrouse carry water to their young? END
START what is one family of birds have adaptations to produce a nutritive fluid to their chicks? END
START what is a nutritive fluid that some birds provide to their chicks? END
START what is crop milk? END
START birds preen often with the application of secretions from which gland? END
START what do birds bathe in? END
START what is anting? END
START what is it called when birds encourage ants to run through their plumage? END
START when do birds substantially increase body fats and reduce the size of some of their organs? END
START what is the flight range of landbirds? END
START what is the flight range of shoebirds? END
START which bird is capable of non-stop flights of up to 6,300 miles? END
START which birds often undertake circumpolar trips between breeding seasons? END
START in australia, what percentage of non-passerine birds were partially migratory END
START in australia, what percentage of passerine birds were partially migratory END
START what is most often triggered by temperature changes? END
START which family of birds are neither migratory or sedentary but considered to be dispersive, irruptive or nomadic? END
START in which type of migration do birds use the sun to navigate by day and a stellar compass at night? END
START some species use specialised photoreceptors to sense what? END
START what do birds to compensate for the changing position of the sun during the day? END
START what do birds sometimes use to assess and assert social dominance? END
START what allows for the identification of birds, particularly between species? END
START visual communication among birds may involve what kind of displays? END
START what do birds use for evaluation of potential mates and mate attraction? END
START what do some birds use for auditory communication? END
START which type of birds use tools to drum? END
START which birds drum territorially? END
START what are the principal benefits of flocking? END
START what is a cost of flocking? END
START what is particularly important in closed habitats like forests? END
START sleeping birds often use a type of sleep known as what? END
START what are believed to be able to sleep in flight? END
START why is communal roosting common? END
START these types of birds have a tendon locking mechanism. END
START where do many ground birds, such as quails and pheasants, roost? END
START a few parrots of what genus roost hanging upside down? END
START what type of birds go into a nightly state of torpor? END
START birds do not have what type of glands:? END
START what percent of bird species are socially monogamous? END
START what is extra-pair copulation? END
START what do female birds have that allow sperm from males to remain viable long after copulation? END
START why do males that engage in extra-pair copulation closely guard their mates? END
START which gender typically performs some form of courtship display? END
START most courtship displays involve some type of what? END
START which gender generally drive partner selection?: END
START generally, when is courtship feeding and billing performed between partners? END
START what kind of eggs to all birds lay? END
START all birds lay eggs with hard shells made mostly out of what? END
START what kind of eggs do open nesters lay? END
START what type of birds lay white or pale eggs? END
START where do birds usually lay their eggs? END
START what type of birds lay its eggs on bare rock? END
START where do male emporer penguins keep eggs? END
START which type of bird nests are no more than a scrape on the ground? END
START what process optimises temperature for chick development? END
START when does incubation begin? END
START what are areas of bare skin on the abdomen or breast of incubating birds? END
START how many days is the incubation period for woodpeckers? END
START how many days is the incubation period for kiwis? END
START when does parental care end in megapodes? END
START what type of seabird has the longest period of parental care? END
START what is the period of breeding during which one of the adult birds is always present at the nest? END
START alloparenting is particulary common with what species? END
START true crows belong to what group? END
START what is more common in birds than any other vertebrate class? END
START which chicks leave the nest the night after they hatch? END
START name a species which move their chicks away from the nest at an early age. END
START when do most species of chicks leave the nest? END
START what is it called when an egg-layer leaves her eggs with another individual's brood? END
START how many bird species are obligate parasites? END
START what type of birds lay eggs in the nests of conspecifics to increase their reproductive output? END
START what is the most famous example of sexual selection? END
START what is intersexual selection also known as? END
START what is it called when individuals of the more abundant sex compete with each other for the privilege to mate? END
START what is it called when there is greater than 30 percent reduction in hatchability of eggs? END
START what can reduce the negative effects of inbreeding? END
START what percentage of broods produced by incestuously paired females contained extra pair of young? END
START what occurs when offspring delay dispersal from their natal group? END
START what leads to the masking of deleterious recesive alleles in progeny? END
START why is inbreeding avoided? END
START what type of birds generally feed by fishing, plant eating or piracy? END
START what type of birds may be either insectivores, frugivores and nectarivores? END
START what type of birds specialise in hunting mammals or other birds? END
START what are often important to island ecology? END
START what type of birds may also affect the ecology of islands and surrounding areas? END
START in new zealand, what were important browsers, as the kereru and kokako are today? END
START why have humans had a relationship with birds since the dawn of man? END
START what is it called when the house sparrow has benefited from human activity? END
START what have threatened numerous bird species with extinction? END
START what are domesticated birds raised for meat and eggs? END
START what is the largest source of animal protein eaten by humans? END
START in 2003, how many tons of poultry were produced worldwide? END
START what is primarily a recreational activity except in extremely underdeveloped areas? END
START why have birds been domesticated by humans? END
START what type of birds are bred in captivity or kept as pets? END
START how long have messenger pigeons been used? END
START what play prominent roles in religion and mythology? END
START the word auspicious is derived from which word? END
START what is said to mark the existence of a portal between such worlds, and to transform itself into a llama? END
START when were birds represented in early cave paintings? END
START what is a mythological giant bird capable of snatching humans? END
START john james audubon later lent his name to which group? END
START what did homer incorporate into his odyssey? END
START the relationship between an albatross and a sailor is the central theme of what book? END
START how many bird species have gone extinct in historical times? END
START how many species are listed as threatened by birdlife international and the iucn? END
START when did the most dramatic human-caused avian extinctions occur? END
START what was the last chinese dynasty? END
START when did the manchu dynasty rule? END
START what was the dynasty that ruled before the manchu? END
START what government took over from the manchu dynasty? END
START what is another name for the manchu dynasty? END
START who started the manchun dynasty? END
START where did this dynasty form? END
START name a peasant rebel leader? END
START where was the ming capital? END
START what pass was opened to the banner armies? END
START what years did the qianlong emperor rule? END
START when was the taiping rebellion? END
START when was the dungan revolt? END
START how many people died during the taiping rebellion and the dungan revolt? END
START when was the first sino-japanese war? END
START what started on october 11, 1911? END
START who was the last qing emperor? END
START when did he step down? END
START who named himself the bright khan? END
START who renamed the qing dynasty in 1363? END
START what imagery is suggested in the chinese characters of the dynasties new name? END
START what language did the dynasties name come from originall? END
START what mongolian word did qing dynasty get it's name from? END
START after taking the bulk of china what did the manchuse call their state? END
START what does china mean? END
START what ethnice groups did the qing thin made up china? END
START what ethnic group make up the most people in china? END
START who founded the qing dynasty? END
START what type of lifestyle did the jurchen live? END
START what parts of china did they come from? END
START were the manchu's nomadic? END
START where did nurhachi move his court to? END
START where did nurhachi move his court from? END
START who posed a threat to the chinese borders? END
START what group did the manchus take over to add strength to their numbers? END
START what weapon helped the ming defeat the manchus? END
START when did the manchus create their own artillery? END
START when were the first couple han banners founded? END
START when did the han banners grow to eight? END
START which leader defeated the ming armies? END
START who killed yuan chonghuan? END
START where did the ming armies retreat to? END
START who included newly conquered ming officials in his government? END
START where did a han revolt occur? END
START when did a han revolt occur? END
START what proportion of bannerman were manchu by 1648? END
START when did hong taiji die? END
START who was his heir? END
START who were the likely heirs? END
START who became the emperor? END
START who raided beijing in 1644? END
START who was li zicheng? END
START what dynasty did zicheng form? END
START who was the last ming leader? END
START how did the chongzhen emporer die? END
START how big was li zicheng's army? END
START who did li zicheng's army fight? END
START what was the name of the general at the ming fort? END
START who beat li zicheng's army? END
START when did the battle take place? END
START when did beijing fall? END
START what was the shunzi emperor called? END
START when did the shunzhi emperor become the son of heaven? END
START how long did it take for the manchus to take the rest of china? END
START who did the manchus struggle against? END
START who made up the han chinese banners? END
START what percent of bannermen did the han represent? END
START who besides the manchus and the han made up the eight banners? END
START who were the three liandong han bannermen who were instrumental in the taking of southern china? END
START what part of china did kexi, zhongming, and youde rule? END
START what was the three han bannermen position called? END
START who made beijing his capital? END
START whose capital was beijing before the manchu's? END
START why did dorgon keep beijing as his capital? END
START what did dorgon declare in july of 1645? END
START what was the peoples description of the haircutting order? END
START how did the ming's typically wear their hair> END
START what city was massacred for not wearing the proper haircut? END
START who was a threat to shunzhi's throne? END
START what was dorgon known as after death? END
START who was shunzhi's oldest brother? END
START when did shunzhi's death? END
START how old was shunzhi at his death? END
START who did the manchus send to battle koxinga's troops? END
START where did the fight between ming loyalists and manchus occur? END
START what were the manchus accused of being afraid of? END
START how long was kangxi emperor in power? END
START who had the longest rule of any emperor? END
START what era did kanxi's rule kick off? END
START how old was kangxi when he took over? END
START who ruled while kangxi was young? END
START what type of learning did the early manchu leaders respect? END
START what declaration solidified confucian values? END
START who did the manchu appeal to? END
START what christians did kangxi allow in his court? END
START who was the most important ming general? END
START what provinces did sangui control? END
START name the other two important ming generals? END
START which provinces did kexi and jingzhong receive? END
START when did kexi retire? END
START who did kexi thing should take over for him? END
START what happened when kexi, and the two other generals all retired? END
START how long did the revolt of the three feudatories last? END
START who declared himself emperor? END
START when did the qing regain power over southern china? END
START who did the qing think were the better soldiers to battle han chinese? END
START how many green standard army soldiers  were on the qing side? END
START when did wu destroy the qing armies? END
START how many soldiers did the qing fight back with? END
START what happened to wu's army? END
START where did kangxi lead an army? END
START who did kangxi fight? END
START when was galdan killed? END
START when did taiwan fall? END
START what european country did kangxi fight? END
START when did kangxi die? END
START who took kangxi's place? END
START how old was yongzheng when he took over? END
START who did yongzheng behead? END
START what religion did yongzheng ban? END
START when did yongzheng ban christianity? END
START what did yongzheng crack down on? END
START who did yongzheng call marquis? END
START when did yongzheng give this title? END
START what was zhu's job? END
START when was the treaty of kyakhta written? END
START who was the partner in the treaty of kyakhta? END
START what did the treaty give to the russians? END
START what did the qing get from the treaty of kyakhta? END
START how many books were in the siku quanshu? END
START how many volumes were in the siku quanshu? END
START who created the siku quanshu? END
START how many literary persecutions were there under qianlongs reign? END
START what crops helped the chinese? END
START what led to overpopulation in china? END
START how many people lived in china at the start of the 18th century? END
START how many people lived in china at the end of the 20th century? END
START what was the last part of china with farmland left? END
START where did hans go to to find land? END
START how much land did the han cultivate? END
START what percent of the population in manchuria was han? END
START where were starving han sent by the qing? END
START how much land did the han farm in inner mongolia? END
START what other types of land were the han allowed to farm? END
START who was the emperor in the later half of the 18th century? END
START what ethnicity was the majority in urban manchuria? END
START which empires grew during the 18th century? END
START what were the economies of the european empires built on? END
START what country near china did the europeans first control? END
START what was the only city the chinese allowed the europeans into to trade? END
START which two european companies traded in canton? END
START what products from china did europeans want? END
START what did the chinese want in return? END
START what were the british and french concerned about? END
START what else did the chinese want from the british? END
START where was opium made? END
START who fought the qing in the first opium war? END
START when did the qing surrender to the british? END
START what treaty marked the end of the first opium war? END
START what 5 ports did the treaty force open? END
START what island was given to the british? END
START what marked the first occurence of anti-manchu feeling? END
START who led the rebellion? END
START when did the rebellion start? END
START what entity was established in guizhou province? END
START who was king of taiping heavenly kingdom? END
START were the european empires satisfied or unsatisfied by the treaty of nanjing? END
START who did the europeans support during the rebellions? END
START when did the british try to redo the treaty of nanjing? END
START whed did the british and french invade beijing? END
START where did the emperor go? END
START what happened to the old summer palace? END
START what did prince gong sign? END
START who put down the rebellions? END
START how old was tongzhi when he came to power? END
START what year did tongzhi take power? END
START what would the chinese use to continue confucian values? END
START what was the name of a modern chinese army? END
START who did the chinese lose territory to in exchange for help? END
START when was the tientsin massacre? END
START what triggered the tientsin massacre? END
START when was the cochinchina campaign? END
START which territory did france control? END
START what was the main problem the qing had in preventing invasion from europe? END
START which historian blamed naval weakness for european imperialism in china? END
START when was the arrow war? END
START where did the french and english land in 1860? END
START what coup happened in 1884? END
START who was involved in the gapsin coup? END
START what resulted between the chinese and japanese after the coup? END
START who signed the convention of tientsin? END
START when did the first sino-japanese war happen? END
START what was the name of xianfeng's concubine? END
START who was cixi's son? END
START when did tongzhi emperor die? END
START who took over from tongzhi? END
START where did the empress dowager spend most of her time? END
START when were two missionaries killed? END
START where were the missionaries killed? END
START what was the murders of the missionaries called? END
START name an advisor to guangxu? END
START what did the emperor do in response to so many defeats by the europeans? END
START who took over the policy of china? END
START where was there a drought? END
START what was another name for the boxers? END
START when did the boxers begin to kill missionaries and chinese christians? END
START who invaded china? END
START where did cixi go after beijing fell to the 8 armies? END
START what did cixi do in 1901? END
START what were the governments new policies also called? END
START when were imperial examinations halted? END
START what year did guangxu die? END
START what year did cixi die? END
START who ruled after guangxu? END
START how old was prince chun? END
START what year was the republic of china created? END
START who led the qing? END
START who negotiated with yuan shikai to prevent war? END
START who led the republic of china? END
START who became the president? END
START what year did the end of imperial china occur? END
START how long did imperial china last for? END
START when was manchukuo created? END
START who split the leadership roles in the qing dynasty? END
START where did the qing find their officials? END
START how many ranks were there in civil service in the qing dynasty? END
START who was the main leader of the qing? END
START which ethnicities made up the qing government? END
START what happened to the grand secretariat? END
START who controlled the "inner court"? END
START where was the inner court? END
START what was the grand council? END
START what shape of emblem signified a han official? END
START what shape of emblam signified members of the royal family? END
START which two ethnicities made up each position in government? END
START who governed the areas of tibet and mongolia? END
START who administered the minority groups? END
START how many boards were there in the qing government? END
START what was the foreign service called? END
START who performed the tasks of the zongli yamen before it was created? END
START what was the war called fought between the british and french against the qing? END
START which emperor followed shunzhi? END
START where were textile factories located? END
START what did china trade with tibet and mongolia? END
START what century did qing china stretch to its largest? END
START how many kilometers was qing china at its height? END
START how many provinces were there at the height of qing china? END
START when did japan take over taiwan? END
START how did the japanese win taiwan? END
START what two provinces were formed from huguang? END
START what was the name of the highest ranking official in a province? END
START what were provinces broken up into? END
START what is another name for the main 18 provinces? END
START how many viceroys were there in china proper? END
START when did tibet become part of qing china? END
START what was the main government entity that ran the territories like tibet? END
START what is another name for chinese turkestan? END
START which emperor allowed han migration to dzungaria? END
START who first ran manchuria? END
START what title did the emperor hold in mongolia? END
START who ruled kashgaria? END
START who supported beg? END
START when did the british invade tibet? END
START what was the name of the agreement between britain and the chinese that kept the british out of tibet? END
START who created the eight banners? END
START how were the 8 banners recognized? END
START what were the banners called that were under direct leadership of the emperor? END
START what ethnicity made up the upper three banners? END
START what were the rest of the banners called? END
START how were banner's organized? END
START which two ethnicities made up the majority of the banner armies? END
START which ethnicity dominated the army in the reigns of shunzhi and kangxi? END
START what did the europeans call han bannermen? END
START when did manchu ethnicity become important again in the eight banners? END
START what caused the qing armies to lose many battles? END
START what city did the qing lose in 1853? END
START who created a new type of army to thwart the taiping rebels? END
START what was zeng guofan? END
START what was the xiang army named after? END
START who inspired zeng guofan in creating his army? END
START what did qi jiguang's private army do? END
START what was the original plan for the xiang army? END
START what entity became the main qing troops? END
START who paid for the yongying? END
START who led the yongying? END
START when was the second opium war? END
START what happened to the summer palace? END
START how big was the french-british army? END
START what was the qing governments attempt to create a modern socity called? END
START who beat the chinese in the first sino-japanese war? END
START which fleet did the japanese destroy? END
START when did the qing decide to modernize their military? END
START what was the new modern army called? END
START who became the president of the republic of china? END
START what happened in early and middle qing history? END
START how much did the population grow during the 18th century? END
START what were the 2 types of migration during the 18th century? END
START how many estates were there in qing society? END
START what 2 groups were normal chinese broken into? END
START what was the legal term for commoner? END
START what did china export? END
START what did the chinese get paid for their goods? END
START when did the chinese economy finally recover after the wars with the mings? END
START what did the qing do to reform land ownership? END
START what happened to the price of rice during the 18th century? END
START what was the great divergence? END
START what was china's population at the end of the 18th century? END
START what were the reasons for the population explosion during the 18th century? END
START what crops were imported? END
START what arts were the qing emperors good at? END
START what was the rhyme dictionary called that was published by kangxi? END
START when was the kangxi dictionary published? END
START when was the siku quanshu finished? END
START name three painters? END
START what two schools of art were created in the 19th century? END
START name two arts of the four arts? END
START what was the sign of a gentleman? END
START who started writing poety during the qing dynasty? END
START what was the name of pu songling's collection of short stories? END
START what was the name of shen fu's memoir? END
START who wrote the novel dream of the red chamber? END
START who wrote the suiyuan shidan? END
START what was the suiyaun shidan about? END
START what was the manchu han imperial feast? END
START who are the indigenous people of the americas descended from? END
START what is a common term in spanish speaking countries for the indigenous peoples? END
START what term is used in argentina to refer to the original peoples of a continent? END
START in quebec, the guianas and places in the caribbean where english is spoken, what is the preferred term for the indigenous people of the americas? END
START how are the indigenous people most commonly referred to by citizens of the u.s.? END
START where do most theories today attribute the settlement of the americas as originating from? END
START how did humans cross over to the americas from asia? END
START what was beringia? END
START most experts can at least agree that the earliest pre-modern human migration took place when? END
START how do the indigenous peoples explain how they came to live in the americas? END
START what incorrect term for the indigenous population originated with christopher columbus?  END
START where did columbus believe he had arrived? END
START because of columbus' mistake, the americas came to be known as what? END
START what is implied by the global term of "indian"? END
START despite fitting under the umbrella label of "indian", aleuts, inuit and yupik peoples are still considered to be what to the americas? END
START what were many of the indigenous people of the americas traditionally? END
START what did many segments of the indigenous population also practice? END
START what remains as a testament to the time and work the indigenous people spent cultivating the flora of the americas? END
START what did many of the societies practice a mix of? END
START large cities, chiefdoms, monuments and empires were just some of the things created by which peoples? END
START where are there still populations of indigenous peoples? END
START belize, chile and greenland are just some countries with sizable populations of what peoples? END
START how many different indigenous languages are spoken in the americas? END
START what do many indigenous cultures still practice to different extends to this day? END
START what have some indigenous peoples managed to remain in relative isolation from? END
START how paleo-indians migrated to the americas is still a matter for what type of research? END
START when did humans inhabit north and south america's continents? END
START what allowed people to move across beringia to north america? END
START a small population could exist in alaska because of it's lack of any significant what? END
START what confined the nomadic inhabitants to east beringia for thousands of years? END
START what do studies on the genetics of the first american inhabitants conclude about their ancestral population? END
START where did the single ancestral population of all the indigenous peoples of the americas likely develop? END
START how many years may the isolation of the peoples in beringia lasted? END
START when did the glaciers begin to melt? END
START what did the people follow in the corridors between the ice sheets? END
START what does the data indicate about the population the individual was from? END
START what populations is the individual closely related to? END
START what type of divergence is implicated to have occurred between north american and south american populations? END
START theories that there were invasions which overwhelmed or assimilated previous migrants into the americas have been what? END
START the term pre-columbian technically refers to which era? END
START when was columbus' first voyage? END
START in practice, pre-columbian refers to the history of the indigenous cultures of america prior to europeans doing what to them? END
START what term is used most often when discussing the great civilizations of the americas? END
START what area of the americas did the inca empire, moche culture and muisca confederation hail from? END
START urban settlements and complex societal hierarchies are just some of the hallmarks established by which civilizations? END
START what had long faded prior to the first european and african arrivals? END
START how do we know about some of the civilizations that were gone by the time of european arrival? END
START what did european colonists destroy on their pyres? END
START what gave today's historians a glimpse of the culture and knowledge of the indigenous civilizations? END
START what had the civilizations in the americas achieved by the time the europeans encountered them? END
START what had the aztec civilization constructed? END
START how big was the population of the aztec cit of tenochtitlan? END
START astronomy and mathematics were also accomplishments of which civilizations? END
START how many years of selective breeding did it take to domesticate maize? END
START what did the european colonization forever change? END
START how much did the population of the americas decrease after first contact with the europeans? END
START what was the leading cause of death for the native population after european contact? END
START what triad of disease epidemics ravaged the american continent? END
START why did native americans suffer such high mortality rates to the diseases? END
START who was the first group of indigenous people columbus encountered? END
START what did the tanos represent in the greater antilles and bahamas? END
START what percentage of the tanos were dead thirty years after contact with columbus? END
START why were outbreaks of measles and smallpox able to so easily decimate the tanos' population? END
START what led to the last great tanos rebellion? END
START what behaviors did the tanos begin to adopt after years of mistreatment? END
START what did tanos women start doing to their infants? END
START why would ingesting untreated cassava be a bad idea? END
START how many years was a tanos cacique able to hold ou in the baoruco mountain range? END
START who was sent to negotiate a peace treaty with the rebels? END
START what was the overwhelming reason for the decline of native american populations? END
START old world diseases accounted for up to what percentage of deaths among the native new world population? END
START how long did it take for the old world diseases to decimate the native population to the extent it did? END
START what disease killed almost a third of the population of hispaniola in 1518? END
START how did smallpox cause the inca civil war? END
START what percent of the aboriginal population of north america was killed in the first hundred years after first contact by smallpox and measles? END
START how much of the native population near massachusetts was killed by smallpox in the epidemic between 1617 and 1619? END
START who were the native americans exposed to smallpox because of? END
START when did smallpox read the lands of the iroquois? END
START what did the indian vaccination act of 1832 establish? END
START what empire brought horses to the americas? END
START how long had horses been extinct in the americas prior to their re-introduction? END
START what kind of impact did the re-emergence of horses have on some native american cultures? END
START what did some tribes achieve by domesticating horses? END
START what enabled some tribes to expand territory, increase trade and capture more game? END
START what did the indigenous peoples of america cultivate over the course of thousands of years? END
START what percent of worldwide crops in cultivation derive from the efforts of the america's indigenous people? END
START how were new species and strains of crops developed? END
START what was the origin of maize? END
START what products sometimes retain their native names in both english and spanish? END
START where was a center of early agriculture? END
START based on genetic testing, what has been suggested about the origin of the potato? END
START where did the potato originate? END
START how long ago was the decedent of 99% of all modern potatoes cultivated as long ago as? END
START what event in 850 ad coincided with the collapse of mayan civilization? END
START when did the north american natives begin farming? END
START what had pottery become 4,000 years ago in the americas? END
START what did technology make feasible when it came to trees? END
START how did archaic indians use fire? END
START what was the intentional burning of vegetation intended to mimic? END
START what global industry owes its existence to having been domesticated by indigenous americans? END
START what is arguably the most important crop in the world? END
START squash, beans, and peppers are all examples of what type of crop? END
START what type of bean is used to make chocolate? END
START who do we owe gratitude for even some species of cotton to? END
START what did geographical zones encourage the sharing of? END
START what did people in the same reason adopt? END
START where did millennia of coexistence produce a culture with advanced agricultural and social patterns? END
START how long was there a homogeneous culture on the north american plains? END
START what creature did the nomadic hunter-gatherers of the plains hunt? END
START what was one of the many achievements of the american cultures? END
START what region produced several writing systems independent of other areas of the world? END
START when were writing systems being created in the americas? END
START what is presumed to be written upon the cascajal block? END
START when has the olmec tablet been dated to? END
START what writing system combined phonetic symbols and logograms? END
START what signs play a significant role in the mayan's writing system? END
START what is the mayan writing system the only known pre-columbian one to completely represent this? END
START how many different glyphs in total does the mayan writing system have? END
START how many of the mayan glyphs had phonetic or syllabic interpretations? END
START who taught indigenous scribes to write their languages? END
START when were indigenous scribes taught to use latin letters? END
START what were a large number of the local documents in regards to? END
START what were spanish translations at the time made for? END
START what viewpoint have scholars translated and analyzed documents to writes histories from? END
START what characteristic did the majority of native american music have? END
START what did traditional native american music center around? END
START what are examples of popular percussive instruments of native americans? END
START how were flutes constructed by the native americans? END
START how many strings did the apache fiddle have? END
START what feature did the music of central america have? END
START what role did music play in the religious festivities?  END
START what instruments were used to make music by the central americans? END
START where did archaeologists find a depiction of a mayan stringed instrument? END
START what did the mayan's stringed instrument sound like when played? END
START what comprises a major category in the world art collection? END
START pottery, weavings and carvings are just some of the contributions to art by which peoples?  END
START why did the u.s. pass the indian arts and crafts act of 1990? END
START what does the indian arts and crafts act of 1990 require artists to prove they're enrolled in? END
START when was a national native arts and cultures foundation established? END
START what was the number of indigenous people in argentina as of 2005? END
START how many mapuche were there in argentina in 2005? END
START who are the quechua and chorote? END
START what indigenous population is now virtually extinct? END
START who still speaks southern tehuelche?  END
START what percentage of the residents in bolivia self-identify as belonging to an indigenous people? END
START what percent of people in bolivia grew up with an indigenous mother tongue yet don't call themselves indigenous? END
START in the 2001 census, how much of bolivia's population was labeled as being indigenous? END
START how many cultures does the constitution of bolivia recognize? END
START how many total groups of indigenous peoples are in bolivia? END
START who retained indigenous language and culture after the spanish conquest? END
START what did the highland peasants resist attempts at? END
START what took place frequently until 1953? END
START what re-emerged during the katarista movement in the 1970s? END
START what march successfully pressured the national government to sign the ilo convetion 169? END
START who came up with a policy for indigenous autonomy? END
START when did morales launch his policy in the eastern lowlands? END
START what was bolivia the first country in the history of south america to do? END
START what did the president vow he would never betray? END
START what effect has the issue of indigenous autonomy had on bolivia? END
START how much of brazil's population is comprised of indigenous peoples? END
START how many brazillians have some indigenous ancestry? END
START where do the majority of the indigenous people of brazil live? END
START how many different uncontacted tribes were confirmed in brazil in 2007? END
START what country has the largest number of uncontacted tribes? END
START what is the term eskimo said to mean? END
START first nations and inuit are labels for what peoples in canada? END
START how many aboriginal nations evolved trade, as well as spiritual and social hierarchies? END
START what resulted from first nation and inuit people marrying european settlers? END
START what has been enacted between european immigrants and first nations across canada? END
START what were the early interactions between first nations and europeans? END
START what have canadian indigenous peoples been able to have a strong influence on? END
START how long have european canadians been encouraging aboriginals to assimilate into their culture? END
START what does national aboriginal day recognize from the aboriginal peoples of canada? END
START how many recognized first nations governments are spread across canada? END
START what percent of the chilean population were indigenous according to the 2002 census? END
START what is the name for the polynesian people living on easter island? END
START who are many of the people of chile the descendants of? END
START how long were the mapuche able to fight off the spaniards? END
START when did the mapuche surrender to the chilean army? END
START what was ecuador the site of? END
START where did the valdivia culture develop? END
START what two cultures unified to for an elaborate civilization? END
START what culture did the inca fear the most? END
START what did the spaniards and incas destroy? END
START what percentage of ecuador's indigenous population are highland quichuas? END
START where do the highland quichuas live? END
START who are the highland quichuas primarily descended from? END
START what language do the highland quichuas speak? END
START the saraguro and panzaleo are two of the member groups of what population? END
START el salvador was home to which indigenous peoples? END
START what was a major pipil settlement in western el salvador? END
START what was the language of the pipil? END
START what did the princes and princesses see the spanish as? END
START what people resulted from the spaniards intermarrying with pipll and lenca women? END
START how much of the population of honduras is of full-blooded indigenous descent? END
START what percentage of hondurans have african blood mixed in with the rest of their ancestry? END
START where are the main concentrations of indigenous people in honduras?  END
START the lencas, miskitos, mayans pech, sumos and tolupan comprise the majority of what in honduras? END
START what was mexico home to prior to the arrival of the spaniards? END
START when did the olmecs flourish? END
START who held sway in the mountains of oaxaca? END
START who lived in the yucatan? END
START where was the aztec's central capital located? END
START what grants all indigenous languages spoken in mexico validity?  END
START what are indigenous peoples entitled to request? END
START how many languages have been giving the status of "national languages"? END
START what has the mexican government promoted in some indigenous rural communities? END
START how many of the indigenous peoples in mexico speak an indigenous language? END
START what percentage of the nicaraguan population are indigenous? END
START what is the largest indigenous group in nicaragua? END
START how did creole english come about? END
START what didn't the king have in miskito society? END
START how many mayanga people are in nicaragua? END
START what percentage of peru's population is indigenous? END
START what has shaped the way peruvians live and see themselves today? END
START what is not very well developed in peru? END
START what regions suffer from state-sponsored abuse and violence? END
START where are the indigenous peoples referred to as "american indians"? END
START how many cultures and languages do the indigenous peoples of alaska have? END
START eyak and tlingit are some of the peoples who are collectively called what? END
START tahitian and tongan are two examples of indigenous peoples of what descent? END
START how are pacific islands americans distinct from the indigenous peoples of the americas? END
START what amoun of the united states population is compromised of native americans? END
START how many people identified as native american in the 2010 census? END
START how many of the self-identified native americans are recognized as enrolled tribal members? END
START where do a minority of us native americans live? END
START what tribe has the legal right to freely cross the us-canadian border? END
START what do most venezuelans have? END
START how many different languages does the 2% of truly indigenous venezuelans speak? END
START why are the languages of the indigenous peoples of venezuela in danger of becoming extinct? END
START who were the most advanced native people to have lived in what is present-day venezuela? END
START what made the timoto-cuicas so advanced? END
START what remains a controversy regarding how to refer to the indigenous peoples of the americas? END
START how may subsets of peoples be named? END
START many of what have been used to refer to the indigenous peoples of the americas? END
START who used foreign language terms to give names to indigenous peoples? END
START why were pejorative terms sometimes used for the native populations? END
START what have the peoples in the americas been more vocal about since the 20th century? END
START what terms do the indigenous people press to eliminate? END
START who initially proposed using the term "native american" to recognize the primacy of the native population? END
START what naming convention is accepted by all indigenous groups? END
START where has there been a rise of indigenous movements in recent years? END
START what do the organizing groups hope to obtain for themselves? END
START what is an example of a movement which is working to obtain rights for amazonian populations everywhere? END
START where can similar movements for indigenous rights be seen? END
START who started a forum in support of morales' legal process of change? END
START what did the meeting condemn plans by the europeans to do? END
START what did the forum express for morales and his proposed changes? END
START what did the forum question about us interference? END
START what was the forum suspicious of? END
START what does the genetic history of indigenous peoples of the americas primarily focus on? END
START how is y-dna passed along? END
START which type of dna is passed from the mother to offspring of both genders? END
START what is the only way that y-dna and mtdna change? END
START what is atdna generally only used to measure? END
START who have studies of the mtdna of turkic-speaking peoples shown they're closest to genetically? END
START what group were the ancestors of the american indians separated from? END
START when did the ancestors of the american indians separate from their parent population? END
START when did research find evidence for a common ancestry between native americans and altaians? END
START what dna analysis indicated the common ancestry of the native americans? END
START what did human settlement of the new world occur in? END
START how long of a layover did the human nomads have in beringia? END
START what do the diversity and distributions of y lineage specific to south america indicate about certain peoples there? END
START what population has mtdna and atdna mutations, making them distinct from other indigenous peoples of the americas? END
START what does the dna evidence suggest about the migrants into the northern extremes of north america? END
START when was a study about the dna of a young boy published in nature? END
START how old was the young boy's remains? END
START what culture was the boy from? END
START what may one-third of the indigenous americans ancestry be traced back to? END
START what percent of native american ancestry may originate through gene flow from the mal'ta-buret' population? END
START what is more likely than the solutrean hypothesis? END
START what supports a scenario of dual origin for paleo-indians? END
START what is c4c deeply rooted in the asian portion of? END
START when did kashani and others make their statement regarding the similarities for c4c distributions? END
START because c4c and x2a are characterized by parallel genetic histories means what controversial hypothesis may be dismissed? END
START what spectrum of light is red within? END
START which color is opposite of red on the visible spectrum? END
START on the spectrum of light, where is red found? END
START what color is beside red in the visible spectrum of light? END
START red yellow and blue are what kind of colors? END
START what is the color opposite orange and next to violet on the spectrum of visible light? END
START what has a predominant light wavelength of 640-720 nanometres? END
START what does rbg stand for? END
START from where does the color red in blood come from? END
START what does hemoglobin contain? END
START what causes the color of hematite and red ochre? END
START why does a sky turn red when the evening comes? END
START what pigment is responsible for the color of leaves in fall? END
START where does hemoglobin come from? END
START what is the grand canyon considered a form of? END
START what effect is responsible for the red color of mars? END
START what are the pigments in the red sky called? END
START what percent of the population has red lips? END
START during what period did people use kermes vermilio to make red dye? END
START what does kermes vermilio eat to survive? END
START from where did romans acquire kermes? END
START what kind of bural was at adaoutse, bouches-du-rhne? END
START what was the earliest known writing about dye from aermenian cochineal? END
START how was kermes made in the 8th century bc? END
START the insects only live on what tree in the mediterranean? END
START where have jars of kermes been found in adoutse caves? END
START who imported kermes oak trees from the romans? END
START what was mentioed in the 8th century?  END
START in which book of the bible did god reference gifts of blue purple and scarlet? END
START what does coccumque bis tinctum translate to in english? END
START in ancient greek, what is coccus referred to as? END
START what does kokkos mean in english? END
START in what century did the latin vulgate bible use the term coccumque bis tinctum? END
START who did moses instruct to bring him cloth? END
START what color cloth did moses have the israelites bring him? END
START what does tinctum bis coccumque translate to? END
START what greek word does kokkos derive from? END
START when did egyptians start to make red pigment? END
START what pigment was used for male skin tone in ancient wall art? END
START what root did egyptians use to source their red pigment alizarin? END
START what type of palette was found in tutankhamun's tomb? END
START what dye did the egyptians make using the madder plant? END
START what did a prayer to god say in regard to the color red? END
START who began manufacturing pigments in about 400 bc? END
START what color was widely used for wall paintings by ivory painters? END
START who used the white alizarin to make crimson pigment? END
START which color was said to be the emperor's color in ancient rome? END
START at what time were togas with red were worn by romans? END
START what is a flammeum? END
START what color was correlated with the army in ancient rome? END
START after what event would a general of the roman army be painted red? END
START what was the color of the emperor in ancient tryian? END
START what are the red stripes on togas called? END
START what were the red tunics worn by roman soldiers called? END
START where were the gold letters sqrp found? END
START what pigment was used to paint villas in ancient rome? END
START from where did vermilion originate? END
START cinnabar is an ore of what metal? END
START what mines did romans use to acquire cinnabar? END
START along with slaves, who was sent to work in cinnabar mines in rome? END
START what color were roman villas painted? END
START what was the pigment called that was used for the painting of roman villas? END
START what is mercury a common ore of? END
START what city is southwest of almaden? END
START which european emperor painted their palace red? END
START in what year did cardinals in the roman catholic church start wearing red? END
START when was saint denis basilica rebuilt? END
START who rebuilt the basilica of saint denis? END
START christ and which other christian figure were often painted red in medieval painting? END
START who wore red shoes as a symbol of authority? END
START what began in 1259? END
START what did suger abbe rebuild? END
START what did suger abbe add to the saint denis basilica? END
START what status did the wearing of red in medieval times represent? END
START on what occasion would townspeople wear red? END
START what root was used for red clothing owned by commoners? END
START outside of sun exposure in what circumstance did pigment made from rubia tinctorum fade? END
START what was carmine made from? END
START what trees are found only in the mediterranean? END
START where in europe are kermes only found? END
START what brick color is produced by kermes? END
START what causes kermes dye to fade easily?  END
START how many elements did the chinese philosophers think the world was made of? END
START what element was red associated with in chinese philosophy? END
START at the time of the han dynasty where would one fine the color red? END
START in the time of the ming dynasty one would find what color used during sacrificial offerings? END
START outside of fire and earth, what three other elements did chinese philosophers say the world was composed from? END
START what is the color of chinese philosophy? END
START what five elements is the world made of according to the ming dynasty? END
START what color was associated with water? END
START during what years did the song dynasty occur? END
START which number of ranks wore purple clothing in the song dynasty? END
START what color did sixth rank song dynasty officials wear? END
START what ranks in the song dynasty wore blue? END
START what dynasty took place from 909-1276? END
START what did the song dynasty say about an official who had talent? END
START what officials of the top three ranks wore bright red? END
START what officials of the fourth and fifth rank wore purple? END
START who painted their mansions red during the song and tang dynasties? END
START who wrote a dream of red mansions? END
START during what years was cao xueqin alive? END
START who painted the walls of the forbidden city red after the fall of the ming dynasty? END
START in late chinese dynasties red was used only on what kind of architecture? END
START what did xueqin cao write? END
START when was xueqin cao alive? END
START who did the ming ruler conquer?  END
START what was xueqin cao's book about? END
START what plant was used to make the most used red dye in venice? END
START which group in europe used kermes dye? END
START the wealthiest in europe used what red dye? END
START what dye was known as the blood of saint john? END
START the blood of saint john was made from an insect, which one? END
START what was the venice plant used to make? END
START how was the finest red of kermes vermilio made? END
START what city was rubia used to make dyes for the wealthy? END
START what insect was found in persia? END
START in what century did a new kind of red pigment arrive in europe from the aztec empire? END
START which conquistador from spain conquered the aztec empire? END
START during what years was the aztec empire conquered? END
START how often could the mexican cochineal be harvested? END
START in what year did cortes send the first cochineal to spain? END
START what aztec conquistador conquered the spanish empire? END
START what happened in 1519? END
START who conquered the spanish empire in 1519-1521? END
START who sent the first shipment to spain in 1532? END
START what happened in 1532? END
START what was kermes lake made from? END
START what was madder lake made from? END
START what did renaissance painters call the pigment made from cochineal? END
START during what century did carmine start to see use? END
START what would to the carmine pigment if not used diligently? END
START what was used by all painters? END
START who were the great painters of the 15th century? END
START what 16th century painters used carmine? END
START what did j.w.m turner use? END
START during which revolution was red a symbol of liberty? END
START what kind of cap did the jacobins wear? END
START women with red caps crowded around guillotines during the reign of terror to do what? END
START during what years did the reign of terror take place? END
START who was saint denis? END
START what became a symbol of liberty during the phrygian revolution? END
START what did red become a symbol of during the phrygian revolution? END
START who used red as a symbol of liberty and personal freedom during the phrygian revolution? END
START when did the terror reign take place? END
START what colors did france go back to during the reign of terror? END
START what was turkey red called in france? END
START in what years did turkey red begin to be used to dye cotton in england? END
START what did turkey red get its color from? END
START what other pigment was turkey red compared to? END
START in what century did quilts in america commonly use turkey red? END
START what was red known as in turkey? END
START what popular color was imported from france in the 18th century? END
START what began in 1740? END
START what was cotton widely used for in 19th century europe? END
START in which century did color theory begin to be systematically studied? END
START who painted the night cafe? END
START in what year was the night cafe painted? END
START what was the name of vincent van gogh's brother? END
START what occurred when red and green were put next to one another? END
START what century saw red to only imitate nature? END
START who did theo write to in 1888? END
START what did theo write to van gogh about human passions in 1888? END
START who painted the cafe night? END
START during which century did matisse work? END
START placing red and green next to each other causes their color to be what? END
START what color did matisse say could penetate ones soul? END
START what color did matisse claim would impact ones blood pressure? END
START what part in the paintings of matisse did color play? END
START who was the first to make color the central element of the painting? END
START what theory did matisse say his choice of colors was based on? END
START who was the first 20th century artist to use color for feelings? END
START in what year did rothko donate passion of christ murals? END
START to whom did rothko donate passion of christ murals? END
START what organic reds did rothko use in the passion of christ murals? END
START in what year had the passion of christ murals by rothko end up ruined? END
START what was the result of the change in color in the rothko passion of the christ murals? END
START what year were synthetic pigments first used? END
START who first used synthetic pigments in 1962? END
START what university did rothko attend? END
START what happened in 1997? END
START what was red ochre composed of? END
START how were pigments like red lake created? END
START what was red lake composed of? END
START what was the source of color in red lac? END
START the laccifer lacca was crucial to making what pigment? END
START what color lake pigments were made from minerals? END
START what was made from red gum? END
START what continent is laccifer lacca found on? END
START what country was carmine found? END
START which colors are part of the rgb model? END
START what color light is created when one mixes red, green, and blue? END
START the rgb color model has three colors in it that are described as what kind of colors? END
START which era did cennino cennini actively paint in? END
START what colors are used to create purple on a computer screen? END
START what rbg stand for? END
START what colors are in the rbg model? END
START what color did cennini cennino make? END
START when did cennini cennino make violet?  END
START over what numerical scale is color measured on a computer screen? END
START what is the total number of possible srgb colors? END
START what is the number used to indicate pure red in srgb? END
START crimson is identified by what srgb number? END
START what is an srbg? END
START what is measure on a scale from 0 to 525? END
START what are there 16,777,126 of? END
START what color has an srgb number of 250, 05, 00? END
START what color has an srbg number of 220, 20, 60? END
START what type of scattering is responsible for the shift in the color of sunlight? END
START what occurs to colors of short wavelengths in rayleigh scattering? END
START what is the effect on blue and green light experiencing rayleigh scattering during sunrise? END
START in comparison to blue and green, what would describe the wavelength of orange or red light? END
START why does white sunlight travel through the atmosphere?  END
START how do colors with longer wavelengths scatter? END
START what colors have a longer wavelength than orange and red? END
START what colors have shorter wavelengths than blue and green? END
START when was the first ruby laser invented? END
START in what year did a red helium-neon laser come to be? END
START what type of laser is used in a laserdisc player? END
START what type of laser diode is used in a dvd player? END
START what type of laser is used in raman spectroscopy? END
START what was invented in 1906? END
START what was invented in 1926? END
START what uses a 606 nm laser diode technology? END
START what have been introduced with a 617 nm diode-pumped solid state? END
START what does dsps stand for? END
START at which period of the year are phosphates high? END
START what causes sugar created by chlorophyll to breakdown? END
START where does phosphate within a leaf move in the fall? END
START what is created in fall when phosphates retreat to the stems of plants? END
START what occurs in bright light to leaves during fall? END
START what does chlorophyll have a vital role in breaking down? END
START what moves from the leaf into the stem during the summer? END
START what does the chloropyll breakdown process lead to? END
START what leads to the production of anthocyanin chlorophyll pigments? END
START what pigment accounts for the majority of color in red hair? END
START there is another part of the face which gets its red color from the pigment pheomelanin, what is it? END
START aside from pheomelanin what color pigment contributes to red hair? END
START in what year can the earliest used of redhead be traced to? END
START what type of temper are people with red hair considered to have? END
START how does copper hair vary? END
START copper color is characterized by what? END
START what was hede redd the original term for? END
START what has been in use since 1015? END
START in alpha male mandrills what party of the body is most red according to their rank? END
START wearing red is connected to what result in humans, in terms of sport? END
START in what sport have judges been shown to favor athletes wearing red? END
START what is the effect of exposing a human to red when it comes to cognitive skills? END
START the amount of red in mandrill males is directly related to levels of what? END
START what are blue shapes most likely to win? END
START what does exposure to red increase performance in? END
START what has wearing blue been linked with? END
START what can blue affect the perception of by others? END
START what trait do people most commonly link red with? END
START why did the popes of the middle ages wear red? END
START what was depicted on the banners of christians in the first crusade? END
START what is the cross on the banners used during the first crusade known as? END
START who was saint george believed to be? END
START why is the color red worn in the catholic church? END
START what was the banner of the catholic soldiers in the first crusade? END
START what is the catholic cross of the first crusade called? END
START who was saint george according to catholic tradition? END
START what cross became the roman flag in the 16th century? END
START when was saint valentine martyred? END
START who was saint valentine? END
START in which century did saint valentine's day become connected with lovers? END
START in what kind of countries is the celebration of valentine's day forbidden? END
START which nation forbade the sale of valentine's day products in 2002 and 2011? END
START who was martyred in about 269 ad? END
START where was saint valentine's day condemned in 2002? END
START what type of holiday does china consider saint valentine's day to be? END
START when did japan begin to celebrate saint valentine's day? END
START what color gowns are generally worn by recent doctors of philosophy at oxford? END
START what good traits is the color red associated with in china? END
START in what century did saint nicholas become the influence for red being worn by santa claus? END
START who was saint nicholas? END
START in what nation is myra? END
START what color to brides wear in christian countries? END
START who was the 4th century santa claus in turkey? END
START what color gowns are worn on red carpets? END
START what do all doctors of philosophy wear? END
START what did a red flag signal in the middle ages? END
START what was the importance of a red flag flown by a warship in the middle ages? END
START which british law forbade cars from following a bearer of a red flag as a warning to horse drawn vehicles? END
START under what circimstance is a red flag flown in auto racing? END
START what is a football player shown before being ejected from a match? END
START what did the highway act of 1869 abolish? END
START what does a red flag signify in football? END
START what did motor cars have to follow in the middle ages? END
START in what city did the standardization of red as a color of stop lights occur? END
START in what year did nations standardize on red as a color for stop lights? END
START at what event did the color red become the standard color of stop lights? END
START red is the color of stoplights due to its universal affiliation with what? END
START at what time is red at its brightest? END
START what took place in 1986? END
START what was standardized as the international color at the vienna road signs convention? END
START what color next to red is the brightest in the daytime? END
START what is orange considered during twilight? END
START in what way is red used in contemporary fashion? END
START what is the main impact of people wearing red as it relates to the perception of distance? END
START why do monarchs sometimes wear red? END
START some professions require employees to wear red because it allows them to be what? END
START what older period was red used in fashion? END
START what color causes people to be seen as further away even though distance is the same? END
START what color is used in modern fashion so the person can be easily found? END
START what prominent people do not wear red because they can be easily found in a crowd? END
START how many heads did the scarlet beast which a woman sat on have? END
START the horned scarlet beast that a woman sat on had how many horns? END
START what kind of cup did the woman on the scarlet horned beast have? END
START what was on the forehead of the woman on the scarlet horned beast? END
START outside of the blood of the saints, on what did the woman on the scarlet horned beast become drunken? END
START what had seven horns? END
START what had ten heads? END
START where was "mother the great, babylon of harlots" written on the woman? END
START which cardinal direction is signified by red in china? END
START what season is red identified with in china? END
START red paper is used to wrap gifts of money during what special celebration in china? END
START who wrote the little red book? END
START in what year was the little red book published? END
START what does red signify in southern cultural traditions? END
START what is hong bao the cantonese word for? END
START what is lai see the mandarin word for? END
START what does pcr stand for? END
START who does the red little book quote? END
START what central african warriors are said to cover themselves in red for celebrations? END
START what does the ndembu culture believe red symbolizes? END
START what color do the ndembu believe is better than red? END
START what alternative colors does the red cross use in certain parts of africa? END
START what warriors in africa rub themselves with red paint during celebrations? END
START how is red seen in africa? END
START what color did the red cross change to in central africa? END
START what color are sick people painted with in africa? END
START when did the cincinnati red stockings come to be? END
START what team did the cincinnati red stockings become? END
START what political movment was red identified with in the 1950s? END
START what name did the cincinnati red stockings become known as for a time in the 1950s? END
START where did the cincinnati red stockings move after leaving cincinnati? END
START what is the oldest professional baseball team dating back to 1896? END
START what dates back to 1896? END
START where did the 1896 cincinnati red stockings relocate to? END
START what year was red associated with communism? END
START what color are the anaheim angels known for? END
START what color jersey does bayern munich wear? END
START what is the nickname given to a.c. milan? END
START what has to occur for a player in association football to be shown a red penalty card? END
START what occurs when a player in association football is shown a red penalty card? END
START how is an association football team impacted when a player is shown a red penalty card? END
START what association football teams wear all red jerseys? END
START what other sports teams wear all red jerseys? END
START what color card is given for an infraction? END
START in christian nations what does the color red often become associated with? END
START what cross is on the british flag? END
START as it relates to england, who is saint george? END
START which us armed force uses red as the main color of its flag? END
START in terms of a beach, why might one see a red flag? END
START what is the most common color used on national flags? END
START what colors do all former british colonies use on their flags? END
START what color do all of the former colonies of spain have on their flag? END
START what color is prominently featured in the flag of the united states corps marines? END
START what colors are on the spanish navy flag? END
START when did the slavic solidarity movement choose red blue and white as their colors? END
START in what year did the nation of george get a new national flag? END
START what is in the middle of the georgian flag? END
START how many small crosses are on the georgian flag? END
START what were the pan-slavic colors originally? END
START what colors were adopted by the pan solidarity movement? END
START when did the pan solidarity movement take place? END
START why do georgia and poland use red on their flags? END
START what color flag did the czech republic adopt in 2004? END
START during what time period did the german empire use the colors red white and black? END
START what did red white and black become associated with in germany? END
START in what era did red white and black become part of the nazi flag? END
START red was chosen as part of the nazi flag to do what? END
START whose design was the nazi flag? END
START what were the colors of the german empire from 1818 to 1970? END
START what flag were the colors black, red, and white associated with in 1920? END
START who explained the colors in kampf mein? END
START what workers was the social program of the germans aimed at? END
START after the demise of what was the red flag linked to the french revolution? END
START on what date was the garde nationale empowered to hoist a red flag to signal their intervention in a riot? END
START on what date did the garde nationale kill as many as fifty people on champs de mars? END
START who wrote the words "against us they have raised the bloody flag of tyranny?" END
START in what year did the most ardent revolutionaries in france adopt a red flag to symbolize the blood of their fallen comrades? END
START what appeared after the bastille revolution? END
START what did an october 20, 1879 law state? END
START what happened during a 1971 demonstration? END
START what did lisle de rouget write? END
START what began in 1709? END
START when was the communist manifesto first created? END
START who wrote the communist manifesto? END
START the french revolution resulted in the fall of which monarch? END
START when did the 19th century workers of paris construct barricades and hoist red flags to protest their new government? END
START who was tasked with stopping the late 19th century worker uprisings in france? END
START what did karl marx publish in 1884? END
START who published the communist manifesto in 1884? END
START what did paris workers do in june 1488? END
START who was defeated in the franco-prussian war? END
START after paris was seized as a result of the franco-prussian war, what did revolutionaries and workers create? END
START for how long did the paris commune exist? END
START next to whom was a a paris commune banner placed? END
START in what year did people of the french communist party go to moscow to give the soviet government a paris commune banner? END
START who did the french army defeat in 1870? END
START what war did the french army defeat the germans in? END
START what happened in 1912? END
START in the usa red states are known to do what, in terms of politics? END
START in the united states states that vote for democratic presidential candidates are known as what? END
START how many days did the recount after the 2000 us election last for? END
START in what year did the concept of red and blue states become relatively fixed? END
START in 2000, what did commentators refer to as blue states? END
START what lasted 93 days in 2000? END
START what happened in 2000 causing a 93 day ordeal? END
START in what year was the community party of china created? END
START the community party of china gained power in china, what year did it happen? END
START who was the party leader of the communist party of china when it took power? END
START in terms of the communist party of china, what is "the east is red?" END
START how many members does the contemporary communist part of china have? END
START what was founded in 1902? END
START what flag was adopted by china in 1920? END
START who took power of china in 1994? END
START what did the party anthem become under zedong mao? END
START what has eighty members? END
START what did the biggest star on the flag of china in 1949 represent? END
START in the mid 20th century the flag of laos was primarily what color? END
START what does the red color in the nepalese flag represent? END
START in what year during the 20th century did the chinese flag become red? END
START which group gained power in china in 1949? END
START who took power in china in 1994? END
START what flag symbolizing china was displayed in 1949? END
START what happened in 1950? END
START what country decided to keep their old flag in 1960? END
START what 2 continents meet at egypt? END
START what land bridge between asian and africa? END
START how larger is egypt? END
START what sea borders egypt to the east? END
START what country borders egypt to the south? END
START how far back does egypt's history date back? END
START why is egypt considered a cradle of civilisation? END
START what were some of egypt's foreign influences? END
START what are iconic monumuents of egypt? END
START in what century were islamic conquests of egypt? END
START how many inhabitants does egypt have? END
START what is the rank of egypt popultaion among african nations? END
START majority of egypt people live near what river? END
START what desert constitutes most of egypt territory? END
START what leader stepped down in 2011? END
START what party rose to power after 2011 resignation of egypt leader? END
START what economic sectors does egypt have? END
START what influence does egypt have? END
START what is the egyptian arabic name for egypt? END
START what is the hebrew name for egypt? END
START what is the oldest term for egypt? END
START what does the oldest know term for egypt translate to? END
START during 6000 bc what area was occupied by a neolithic culture? END
START what culture succeeded the naqada culture? END
START when is the earliest hieroglyghics date back? END
START how long did cultures coexist in lower egypt? END
START how long was the upheval of the first intermediate period? END
START in 1650 bc lower egypt was control by what invaders? END
START what new capital was founded in 1650, lower egypt? END
START what was the first foreign ruling dynasty of egypt? END
START what year were the new kingdom in control? END
START what dynasty maked the rise of egypt as international power? END
START who were some well known pharaohs of the new kindom? END
START who were some of the invaders to egypt during the new kingdom? END
START who took control of egypt in 525 bc? END
START what pharaoh was captured by the group led by camyses ii? END
START from where did camyses ii rule egypt? END
START what was the duration of the 27th dynasty of egypt? END
START what were the reaches of the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START what was the capital in the prolemaic kingdom? END
START what were leaders known as during ptolemaic kingdom? END
START what religious life was the ptolemaic kingdom? END
START who was last ruler of ptolemaic kingdom? END
START who captured alexandria, ending ptolemaic rule? END
START how did mark anthony's love die? END
START what culture annexed egypt? END
START who took control of egypt from sasanian persian rule? END
START what war gave sasanin persians control of egypt? END
START how long were sasanin persians ruling egypt? END
START what religion did arabs bring to egypt? END
START who modernized egyptian army? END
START in what 2 ways was army improved? END
START why did military use barracks? END
START what traits grew among military men that helped ali maintain rule? END
START who partnered with egypt to build suez canal? END
START in what year did egypt sell its portion of suez canal? END
START to whom did egypt sell its interest in suez canal? END
START who sold egypt's portion of suez? END
START when was new constitution drafted? END
START what system of government was constitution based on? END
START who was elected in 1924? END
START who succeeded king farouk? END
START how long did british military presence remain in egypt? END
START in what year did egypt and syria form a sovereign union? END
START what was the sovereign union with syria known? END
START how long did the union with syria last? END
START who warned of impending israeli attack on syria in may 1967? END
START who found the claims of israeli attack baseless? END
START how many steps did nasser take in preparation for war? END
START on what day did nasser state "the battle will be a general one and our basic objective will be to destroy israel?" END
START how many rich, upper class were in egypt in 1950s? END
START how many middle class were in egypt in 1950s END
START how many lower class were in egypt in 1950s END
START what professions made up the buld on middle class under nasser? END
START what direction did the egypt economy take in the 1960s? END
START when did nasser die? END
START who succeeded nasser? END
START which side of the cold war was sadat? END
START what was the october war? END
START what did sadat exchange for the remainder of sinai? END
START what was encouraged through infitah? END
START what tools did infitah use to attract investment? END
START what occured in 1977? END
START what was largely ignored and upset many of sadat's polidy? END
START what group dominated the political scene when mubarak was in power? END
START what laws created in 1990s impacted culture? END
START when did parliamentary politics become irrelevant in egypt? END
START what did constitutional changes in 2007 prohibit? END
START what was the long term goal for egypt? END
START what presidential powers were included in 2007 law changes? END
START what was dr. ali el deen hilal dessouki's position? END
START when was interim government instituted? END
START what was the support by voters for referendum? END
START who was elected president in 2014? END
START what group boycotted the elections? END
START when does most of egypts rain fall? END
START where does snow fall in egypt? END
START when was the last snow fall in cairo? END
START what is the sunniest county in the world? END
START how many species of plants were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of fungi were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of algae were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of animals were recorded in egypt? END
START how many species of protazoa were recorded in egypt? END
START what branch of government are the house of representatives focused on? END
START what tems do house of representatives serve? END
START what percent of votes did el-sisi get?  END
START who came in second place in election for egypt president to es-sisi? END
START who were primary targets of egypt terrorist attacks? END
START what was the name of a high profile terrorist group in egypt in 1990s? END
START what sector of economy was plagued by terrorism attacks? END
START when was new constitution institutionalised? END
START how long are presidential terms? END
START how many terms may a president serve? END
START who may impeach the president? END
START what may not be basis for political party? END
START where does egypt rank for religious freedom according to pew forum? END
START what percentage of egyptians polled support death penalty for those leaving islam? END
START what violation could result in stoning and was supported by 82% of egyptian responders? END
START what trend has egypt healthcare made recently? END
START how much of ppopulation can be covered by immunization programs? END
START what was life expectancy in 1960s? END
START what was the life expectancy in 2009? END
START what direction has infant mortality rate taken? END
START according to qs world university rankings where does cairo university rank? END
START according to qs world university rankings, where does american university in cairo rank? END
START according to qs world university rankings and al-azhar university, alexandria university and ain shams university are all ranked where? END
START what is the aim of new research institutes? END
START what do coptic christians face? END
START when government computerised id cards who were adversely impacted? END
START when did egyptian court rule that members of other faiths could obtain id cards without listing faith? END
START what controversial practice does egypt actively administer as punishment? END
START in march 2014 what number of people were sentenced to death in a single hearing? END
START what was muslim brotherhood labelled post coup? END
START what former president's supporters are set to be executed? END
START what us president was critical of egypt's repression of muslim brotherhood? END
START how many individuals did one judge in minya governatorate court sentence to death in april 2013? END
START what was the criticism of judge mohammad nagi shatata sentence of 188 member of muslim brotherhood for assaulting police station? END
START how much military assistance di us give egypt in 2015? END
START what event soured relations of us and egypt in 2013? END
START equipment from what country is being replaced? END
START how many factories does egyptian military have? END
START after morsi removal, what country has egypt improved relations with? END
START in 2014 what country did egypt form partnership with? END
START where is the arab league headquarters? END
START who is the leader of arab league? END
START what 2 gulf monarchies have pledged billions of dollars to help egypt overcome recent economic difficulties? END
START what country has egypt famously had peace with since 1973 treaty? END
START is israel considered a safe state for egyptians? END
START what rope has egypt played in middle east peace efforts? END
START what areas of economy is egypt dependent on? END
START where do egyptians working abroad work mainly? END
START what lake reulted from completion of aswan high dam? END
START what year was aswan high dam completed? END
START what is egypts energy market based upon? END
START how much coal is mine yearly in northeast sinai? END
START is egypt able to sustain just from its own energy production? END
START what efforts were made in 2013 to maintain sustainability? END
START what has been the trend lately in the egypt economy? END
START what area of business have boomed lately in egypt? END
START what was change made to corporate taxes in 2005? END
START what ws the overall impact to tax revenue from change of corporate tax rate? END
START how much had fdi increased to in 2006? END
START since 2011 direction has forign direct investment gone? END
START what has been the change in foreign exhange reserves since 2011? END
START what has been the overall growth of economy since 2011? END
START to what extent does wealth reach from affluent down to average population? END
START who do egyptians blame for higher prices, while purchasing power and standard of living are stagnate? END
START where did egyptian plan to get funds to use for reconstruction of infrastructure? END
START where did egypt rank in corruption perceptions index in 2013? END
START what are egypt's 2 most prominent multinational compnaies? END
START what sector has expanded radiply by selling outsourcing services to north america and europe? END
START what has stimulated it sector? END
START where are egyptian beaches situated? END
START how far do egyptian beaches extend? END
START what locations on egypt's northern coast are major tourist destinations for recreational tourism? END
START what egypt located body of water is known for its serenity? END
START how much oil is egypt producing in a day? END
START how much natural gas is egypt producing in a day? END
START where does egypt rank among oil and natural gas sonsumers in africa? END
START where is egypt planning to build is first nuclear power plant? END
START what is consideredt the most important part of maritime transport in middle east? END
START is the suez canal natural? END
START what 2 bodies of water does suez connect? END
START when was suez canal completed? END
START how long is suez canal? END
START how deep is suez canal? END
START how wide is suez canal? END
START how many locks are contained in suez canal? END
START what direction does the canal north of bitter lakes flow? END
START what basic part of civilization has been characterized by achievement and challenges? END
START from 1990 to 2010 what was improvement in piped water supply to urban areas? END
START from 1990 to 2010 what was improvement in piped water supply to rural areas? END
START currently how much of egypt's population is connected to sanitary sewers? END
START because of low sanitation coverage 17,000 egyptian children to die each year from what condition? END
START relative to other countries of world how do egypts's water tariffs compare? END
START due to low waer tariffs, what is required to maintain water treatment operation? END
START what is the largest ethnic group in egypt? END
START what are the minorities that live in eastern deserts of egypt? END
START where are dom clans mostly gathered? END
START approximately how many rufugees and asylum seekers are in egypt? END
START how may palestinian refugees are in egypt? END
START how many recent iraqi refugees are in egypt? END
START what cities house several important jewish archaelogical sites? END
START what is official language of egypt? END
START what are main laguages of immigrants? END
START in the 19th century, what city of egypt was a large community of italian egyptians? END
START what are the three most spoken languages in egypt? END
START prior to 7th century, what was primary religion of egypt? END
START what became the main source of law with increasing islamic influence in egypt? END
START under what leader did islam become official religion of egypt? END
START what church do 90% of christian minority in egypt belong? END
START where are other non-native christian communities found? END
START what do syro-lebanese belong to? END
START what 3 religions does egypt recognise? END
START what recognition do baha'i and hmadi community get from egyptian government? END
START until what year did some minorities need to lie about religion or not get mandatory state issued id? END
START what color was frequently used in egyptian designs? END
START what art required adherence to rigid code? END
START what is the main performing arts venue in egyptian capital? END
START who designed the pyramid of djoser? END
START who was the first to develop literature? END
START what syles did writers in arabic literature experiment with first? END
START what was the first modern egyptian novel? END
START when was munammad huayn haykal's first modern novel published? END
START in what year was studio misr founded? END
START who financed studio misr? END
START in more that 100 years how many films have been produced in egypt? END
START what share of arab productions have come from egypt? END
START what elements mix for egyptian music? END
START who is credited with invention of music by ancient egyptians? END
START what artist are considered the golden age of egyptian music? END
START what is more contemporary egyptian pop singer? END
START what is the oldest era in egypt? END
START what are some examples of ages in egypt? END
START how many museums are found in egypt? END
START what is koshari? END
START what can be added to koshari? END
START what beans are used to make falafel? END
START what is a polular green soup of egypt? END
START what is the most popular sport in egypt? END
START what is one of the toughest derbies in the world, run in egypt? END
START in terms of international trophies, whos is the most successful club? END
START what was the last international competition egypt hosted? END
START who holds guiness record for deepest salt water scuba dive? END
START how deep did gabr dive? END
START in what body of water did gabr dive? END
START what millennium did mosaic start? END
START what kind of mosaic were made in tiryns? END
START who besides the romans did the jewish people get influenced by? END
START the norman kingdomwas in what italian city state? END
START when did mosaic fall out of fashion? END
START the pebble mosaics found at tiyns are from what age? END
START the beauty of durres is in what country? END
START the famous artists sosus was from what area? END
START when was the greek figure style mostly formed? END
START when was the famous mosaic "the beauty of durres" created? END
START what common artform is far more prestigious than mosaic? END
START which culture adapted the use of mosaics for large ground coverings in their villas? END
START most names of roman mosaic workers are what nationality? END
START often regular everyday craftsman were most likely what? END
START carthage and tunisia are in what general area? END
START what type of mosaic uses small tesserae? END
START what was the benefit of using small pieces to create a mosaic? END
START what were small panel mosaics known as? END
START what was the name of the mosaic technique that used larger tesserae? END
START why were black and white pieces used in most italian mosaics? END
START which caesar hired builders to construct the domus aurea? END
START when did figure wall mosaics become the highest form of artistic expression? END
START the church of santa costanza is in what country? END
START when was the domus aurea constructed? END
START the imperial family of rome used the church of santa costanza as what? END
START in what area of italy is the largest collection of mosaics in the world? END
START who most likely lived in the large villa rustica? END
START what caused the mosaics at the villa rustica to be protected for centuries?  END
START how long is the hunting scene at the villa rustica? END
START where in sicily were the "orpheus," and the "four seasons" discovered? END
START what scenes are depicted on the zliten mosaic? END
START when was the zliten mosaic discovered? END
START the mosaics uncovered in libya were from which century? END
START how long was the mural discovered in libya? END
START the gladiator mosaic is on par with the alexander mosaic in which city? END
START around what century were mosaics adapted for christian churches? END
START what christian church besides the santa costanza was built in the 4th century? END
START what was the original function of the santa costanza church? END
START in which basilica is the tomb of julii? END
START under what period were the 4th century churches built? END
START which city besides ravenna served as the capital of the western roman empire? END
START what is the name of the mosaic in the basilica of sant'ambrogio? END
START the shrine of san vittore in ciel d'oro had mosaics from which century? END
START who do the mosaics at the the basilica of san lorenzo depict as being abducted? END
START when was the baptistry at the basilica of sant'ambrogio demolished? END
START in the 5th century what was the capital of the western roman empire? END
START what years was the mausoleum of galla placidia decorated with mosaics? END
START what other famous landmark in ravenna was established by galla placidia?  END
START why did galla placidia erect the church of san giovanni evangelista? END
START when were most of the mosaics at the church of san giovanni evangelista destroyed? END
START when was ravenna conquered by the eastern roman empire? END
START when did the biggest achievement in christian mosaics take place? END
START what event led up to the creation of the amazing mosaics in in the basilica of san vitale? END
START when were the mosaics at the basilica of sant'apollinare created? END
START where are the remains of the apse mosaic of san michele? END
START the floor mosaic in butrint is how much older than that of the baptistry? END
START in what country is butrint? END
START what type of message was left on the mosaics at butrint? END
START what was the mosaic at butrint designed to portray? END
START the vrina plain basilica is in which city? END
START what was depicted on the butrint mosaics in abundance? END
START what do the katharos vase and vine refer to? END
START what do peacocks represent in christian symbolism? END
START what do most sea-creatures represent in christina symbolism? END
START what did deers or stags represent in christian symbolism? END
START when did conditions become difficult for mosaic art in rome? END
START when was the mosaic of sant'agata dei goti destroyed? END
START what was similar between the three most important 5th century mosaics? END
START when was the mosaic at santa sabina replaced with a fresco? END
START who was the artist that painted the fresco that replaced the mosaic at santa sobina? END
START during which centuries did rome fall under the influence of byzantine art? END
START the lateran palace was decorated with what? END
START what do most mosaics from the 7th-9th centuries have in common? END
START when was the mosaic at the church of santo stefano del cacco destroyed? END
START which mosaic survived through the 9th century, and then had a copy made in the 18th? END
START when were the mosaics at the great palace of constantinople commissioned? END
START what is considered the most important surviving mosaic of the justinian age? END
START what was the small vaulted room in the great palace of constantinople called? END
START vine scroll motifs are classified under what kind of tradition? END
START when were the mosaics at the church in thessaloniki created? END
START how many byzantine mosaics survived past the 8th century? END
START the mosaic in the church in thessaloniki is know as what? END
START why was christ in majesty protected from the iconoclastic destruction? END
START when were the panels in the hagios demetrios church created? END
START what is common about the surviving mosaics from the 7th-9th centuries? END
START why were mosaics destroyed in the iconoclastic era? END
START what was the common mosaic theme of iconoclastic churches? END
START when did the iconodules  change the cross in the hagia sophia? END
START when was the dormition church destroyed?  END
START when did the hagia irene adapt the iconoclastic era mosaics? END
START where is the nea moni monastery located? END
START who established the nea moni monastery? END
START when was the nea moni monastery established? END
START when was the mosaic at the nea moni monastery destroyed? END
START the nea moni mosaics are more detailed than what what other famous mosaics? END
START who restored the church of the holy sepulchre in the 1040's? END
START what survives of the mosaics that adorned the walls and dome of the church of the holy sepulchre? END
START who left the only description of the mosaics at the church of the holy sepulchre? END
START where did the russian abbot daniel travel in 1106-07? END
START when were the byzantine mosaics of the hagia sophia created? END
START the tympana under the dome had images of whom displayed? END
START when did the empress zoe die? END
START what does the empress give to christ as depicted by the mosaic? END
START who was depicted with the empress zoe on a panel in the gallery of the hagia sophia? END
START why are there so few surviving mosaics from the komnenian period? END
START where is the only existing 12th century mosaic in constantinople? END
START what deity does the 12th century mosaic in the hagia sophia depict? END
START the empress eirene had what color hair? END
START the only surviving mosaic from the komnenos dynasty outside constantinople is in what church? END
START how big were the tesserae in the komnenian period miniature mosaic icons? END
START what were the tesserae usually set in for miniature mosaic icons? END
START the more humanistic conception of christ appeared when? END
START what was the intended purpose of the miniature mosaic icons? END
START when was the church of the holy apostles built?  END
START who removed the gold tesserae in the background of the mosaic at the church of the holy apostles? END
START where is the theotokos paregoritissa church located? END
START who established the theotokos paregoritissa church in 1294-96? END
START the same team of mosaicists worked on the church of the holy apostles in thessaloniki as which other building? END
START where is the greatest mosaic work of the renaissance? END
START how many mosaic panels from naos have survived? END
START the panels of naos are only capped in importance by which other location? END
START who commissioned the mosaics at naos? END
START the panels from naos show what influence on byzantine art.  END
START when was the last period of roman mosaic art? END
START where is the church of santa maria? END
START who does the facade at the santa maria church depict? END
START when were the mosaics at torriti and jacopo fully restored? END
START what year was the medallion above the gate of the church of san tommaso? END
START who created the navicella mosaic in the old st. peter's church? END
START who commissioned the navicella mosaic? END
START who did the navicella mosaic depict walking on water? END
START what century was the majority of the navicella mosaic destroyed? END
START navicella means what in italian? END
START when was the height of mosaic art in sicily? END
START who adopted the byzantine mosaic tradition? END
START why did the normans adopt a byzantine art style? END
START who was influenced by western european and islamic tendencies? END
START the martorana church is an example of the best mosaic art in what part italy? END
START when was the martorana church decorated? END
START who is featured in the mosaic at the martorana church? END
START the martorana church was likely decorated by the same greek masters who decorated which church? END
START who was the founder of the martorana church? END
START who is receiving a crown from christ in the mosaic originally in the narthex? END
START what is the name of the largest mosaics in italy? END
START at least how many tesserae are used in the the monreale mosaics? END
START who commissioned the monreale mosaics between 1176 and 1186? END
START who is displayed getting crowned by christ in the monreale mosaics? END
START what is the king offering theotokos in the monreale mosaics?  END
START what region of italy was part of the norman empire? END
START the only surviving mosaic from norman held souther italy is what? END
START the mosaics in churches of ravello prove what? END
START what survives from the mosaics of amalfi's norman cathedral? END
START what year were the mosaic pavements installed at the otranto cathedral? END
START which area in italy besides sicily did mosaic art not go out of fashion in the middle ages? END
START which church in venice is decorated with elaborate golden mosaics? END
START when were the oldest scenes in st. mark's mosaics completed? END
START the majority of the mosaics in venice were created by who? END
START when was the sack of constantinople? END
START where is the cathedral of santa maria assunta? END
START when were the mosaics in the cathedral of santa maria assunta built? END
START where is the basilica of santi maria e donato located? END
START who purchased the 13th century mosaic from the the san cipriano church? END
START where did frederick william iv relocate the mural he purchased? END
START who hired byzantine experts to decorate a rebuilt abbey church? END
START after what time did the abbot of monte cassino send for byzantine mosaicists? END
START what animal was on the only surviving mosaics created by the greeks at the rebuilt abbey? END
START where are the only remaining greek mosaic panels now kept? END
START what was special about st mark's basilica in venice? END
START when was the latest addition to the facade at st mark's basilica in venice? END
START the cathedral of orvieto has a mosaic facade, done first in which century? END
START the basilica di san frediano in lucca has a large golden mosaic facade depicting which figure? END
START the cathedral of spoleto is signed by who? END
START what proves mosaics were used in the early middle ages? END
START where is the abbey of saint-martial? END
START when was the crypt of the abbey of saint-martial re-discovered? END
START what was found under the basilica of saint-quentin? END
START what common element do mosaic panels from the 11th century have? END
START what would replace the labor intensive technique of mosaic? END
START when was the the mosaic at the royal basilica of hungarian kings destroyed? END
START who created the last judgement mosaic in the st. vitus cathedral? END
START what is the royal basilica of the hungarian kings also known as? END
START where is the royal basilica of the hungarian kings? END
START what nation influenced the crusaders mosaic styles? END
START where is the church of the holy sepulchre located? END
START what is the name of the lone surviving mosaic of the crusader period? END
START where is the mosaic "ascension of christ" located? END
START the byzantine emperor, the king of jerusalem and the latin church came together in what year to redecorate the church of the holy sepulchre? END
START when were mosaic pavements uncovered at the bizere monastery? END
START where would the bizere monastery be located today? END
START when were the mosaics at bizere monastery created? END
START in what kingdom was the bizere monastery located? END
START how is raphael portrayed in st. peter's? END
START what year did pietro paolo cristofari die? END
START what was the art of the fabbrica usually used for? END
START what was the name of the painting used to represent raphael in st. peter's? END
START the mosaics of st.peter's are often based on what? END
START what is the most important mosaic piece built by byzantine christians? END
START when was the the madaba map made? END
START where is the church of saint george? END
START when was the madaba map rediscovered?  END
START the madaba map depicts as far south as the nile delta, and as far north as what country? END
START what era were the mosaics that adorned saint catherine's monastery? END
START where is saint catherine's monastery located? END
START why have wall mosaics generally not survived in the region? END
START who is depicted in saint catherine's monastery on a mosaic landscape background?  END
START when was the mosaic at saint catherine's monastery created? END
START which city had the highest percentage of mosaic covered churches? END
START where was the armenian mosaic found in jerusalem? END
START when was the armenian mosaic re-discovered? END
START what was the room under the armenian mosaic used for? END
START what type of plant is depicted in the armenian mosaic? END
START where would the byzantine church of the lazarium be located today? END
START when was the byzantine church of the lazarium constructed? END
START the mosaic at the byzantine church of the lazarium most closely resembles mosaics from which area? END
START a church was built on top of the byzantine church of the lazarium in waht century? END
START the churches of which desert decorated their monasteries with mosaics? END
START when was the monastery of martyrius created? END
START when was the monastery of martyrius re-discovered? END
START where in the monastery of martyrius is the most important mosaic work? END
START what was the name of the monastery that was discovered in 1930? END
START how many christian churches have been found in the christian petra? END
START when was the most important byzantine church re-discovered? END
START what type of mosaics were present in the church discovered in 1990? END
START what century was the oldest known mosaic at the church discovered in 1990? END
START the scenes depicted on the mosaics were both native and what kind of mythological animals? END
START where would the church of st stephen be located today? END
START when were the mosaics in the church of st stephen created? END
START when were the mosaics in the church of st stephen re-discovered? END
START the mosaic floor in the church of st stephen is the largest in what country? END
START how many artists signed the frame of the mosaic at the church of st stephen? END
START yaroslav held what title in medieval russia? END
START where did yaroslav build his cathedral? END
START what was used as a model for the church yaroslav commissioned? END
START what was the name of the church yaroslav commissioned? END
START who sent the byzantine craftsmen that built yaroslav's cathedral? END
START in what country is the the gelati monastery located? END
START who started construction on the gelati monastery? END
START who eventually oversaw completion of the gelati monastery? END
START who was the central theme of the mosaics at tsromi? END
START the remains of what was found at sepphoris? END
START who were the primary inhabitants of sepphoris in the 3rd through 7th centuries? END
START the mosaic found at sepphoris display a mix of jewish and which beliefs? END
START what figure is dominant in the mosaic at sepphoris? END
START what surrounds helios in the mosaic at sepphoris? END
START when was the synagogue in eshtemoa constructed? END
START what patterns are present on the mosaic at the synagogue in eshtemoa? END
START when was the synagogue in khirbet susiya re-discovered? END
START how many panels are in the synagogue in khirbet susiya? END
START what do the images at synagogue in khirbet susiya suggest about the communities views? END
START in byzantine gaza, jews were relaxed on what ban? END
START where were ancient remains of a synagogue found in 1966? END
START the mosaic found in 1966 depicts who as the central figure? END
START what is the central figure doing in the mosaic found in 1966? END
START when was the mosaic floor constructed? END
START a 5th-century building in huldah is believed to be what? END
START what does the mosaic at huldah contain? END
START what language are the inscriptions on the mosaic at huldah? END
START the synagogue located in bet she'an had what kind of symbols depicted in its mosaic? END
START the masters who built the floor in the synagogue at bet she'an also constructed what other mosaic? END
START who conquered the eastern provinces of the byzantine empire? END
START in syria and egypt, other than early christians, who influenced their mosaic work? END
START what would later become the main islamic form of wall decoration? END
START the umayyad dynasty made mosaic making do what in the islamic culture? END
START where is the most important islamic mosaic work? END
START where is the the umayyad mosque located? END
START what was the significance of damascus during this time period? END
START what is the largest section of mosaic still present in the umayyad mosque? END
START what happened in 1893 that destroyed most of the mosaics in the mosque? END
START any mosaic having secular designs were likely what? END
START what were the floor panels of the caliphs and high ranking officials modeled after? END
START where can the most superb example of umayyad mosaic floor paneling? END
START in which present day country would the residence of al-walid ii in qasr al-hallabat be? END
START at qastal in 2000 the earliest examples of what were found in jordan? END
START where are some of the best examples of islamic mosaic work found? END
START the mosaics in the great mosque in corduba have what kind of style? END
START when were the mosaics in the great mosque in corduba created? END
START who created the mosaics in the great mosque in corduba? END
START who sent the master mosaicist to spain? END
START the cathedral basilica of st. louis holds the largest what? END
START what along texas interstate highways contains everyday examples of mosaics? END
START which station in the nyc subway has a modern example of mosaic? END
START edward burne-jones is noted for creating mosaics in what century? END
START what has recently seen an expansion of mosaic artwork? END
START who is the most famous street artist who works with mosaics? END
START the french invader coined his own style of mosaic named what? END
START what does the french invader usually create with the traditional style of mosaic? END
START how does the french invader create "rubikcubism" styled mosaics? END
START portuguese pavement is known by what other name? END
START what is portuguese pavement? END
START what is the most common pattern for portuguese pavement? END
START which city has almost all of its sidewalks in portuguese pavement? END
START what other cityscape is done with portuguese pavement? END
START how were larger mosaics usually constructed? END
START why was adding a step i production useful for larger projects? END
START what is the style called of putting tessere on a backing paper? END
START what besides benches and tabletops was usually created using the indirect method? END
START the indirect method also helped for projects with what kinds of areas? END
START when is the double indirect method of mosaic useful? END
START what is the most powerful aspect of the double indirect method? END
START when was the double indirect method invented? END
START who invented the double indirect method? END
START what is used as a backing adhesive for the double indirect method besides putty or paper? END
START what is the typical size of a ceramic mosaic tile? END
START what is usually the purpose of a tile mosaic in pools? END
START where is the most common application of tile mosaics? END
START how should the tiles be aligned next to each other? END
START why has production automation become popular? END
START which software can aid in the design of robotically created mosaics? END
START how much faster is automated creation over handmade? END
START how does the robot pick the tiles it places? END
START what is not the same between hand made and robotic amde mosaics? END
START from what language does universitas come from? END
START around the beginning of what two things did word universitas start to become prevalent? END
START what did a universitas have in common with similar guilds? END
START which individuals usually approved charters for universitas? END
START what is the original greek word for university? END
START what does the greek work "universitas" mean? END
START who issued charters to guilds? END
START how did universities differ from guilds? END
START from what language does "emergence" come from? END
START around the beginning of what two things did the word emergence start to become prevalent? END
START what did an emergence have in common with similar guilds? END
START which individuals usually approved charters for generals? END
START what was not guaranteed by charters? END
START in terms of academics what is a core requirement of a university? END
START what was the first university? END
START what charter is said to be the first establishing academic freedom in a university? END
START what did the constitutio habita say students were allowed? END
START on what date was the magna carta universitatum signed? END
START what kind of freedom was not initially assosiated with universities? END
START what charter was adopted in the 11th century? END
START what university restricted the right of of scholars to travel? END
START what did the constitution habita guarantee to all travelers? END
START in terms of academics what is a core requirement of a rector? END
START what was the first monestery? END
START what charter is said to be the first establishing education in a university? END
START what did the magna charta universitatum say students were allowed? END
START what marked the 430th anniversary of bologna's foundation? END
START what is a scholae monasticae? END
START who presided over classes at a scholae monasticae? END
START in the chronology of academic institutions, where are christian cathedral schools compared to universities? END
START what church is said to be responsible for the formation of universities? END
START during which era did universities grow out of already extant schools? END
START where did education originally take place across the world? END
START what type of schools forbid women to teach? END
START what began in the 600's? END
START what church encouraged but did not get directly involved in forming universities? END
START what caused most existing schools to decline? END
START who presided over universities? END
START during which era did universities grow out of monasteries? END
START what were the earliest monasteries developed under? END
START what are three monasteries started by kings? END
START where were most new universities funded from? END
START why did rulers and governments in europe form universities? END
START what outlook developed the creation of the university system? END
START which ancient texts began to see more study after universities were formed? END
START what type of governments were involved in creating universities? END
START who established universities around the world? END
START what increased the study of latin text? END
START who established unuiversities for their own benefit? END
START what outlook slowed the spread of universities? END
START why did rulers and governments in europe form texts? END
START what outlook developed the creation of the european system? END
START which ancient texts began to see more study after governments were formed? END
START what types of governments were involved in creating rulers? END
START who perceived the benefits of rulers? END
START roughly how many pages of the works of aristotle were translated by the 12th century? END
START richard dales believes that the work of aristotle represents the turning point of what? END
START what word described the early attempts to understand the work of aristotle? END
START what faculty did scholars attempt to use to prove the thoughts of aristotle? END
START what language did 12th century scholars studying aristotle speak in? END
START what began to emerge in the 1200's? END
START what is considered one of the most important discoveries in the world? END
START who called the discovery of aristotle's work a turning point in western science? END
START who used greek to communicate? END
START what focused on using aristotelian logic to disprove the bible? END
START roughly how many pages of the works of richard dales were translated by the 12th century? END
START what did aristotle believe that the work of richard dales represent the turning point of? END
START what word described the early attempts to understand the work of dales? END
START what faculty did scholars attempt to use to prove the thoughts of aristotle? END
START what language did 12th century scholars studying dale speak in? END
START which language was used in lectures in early european universities? END
START for what subjects did professors use the work of hippocrates? END
START what type of subjects did the universities of northern europe focus on? END
START what type of degree was given out at a english university? END
START what developed differently in eastern and western europe? END
START what language was used for university texts and lectures but not disputations and examinations? END
START who lectured onavicenna for metaphysics? END
START why did southern universities mostly award bachelor's degrees? END
START who did universities in southern italy model their self regulating pattern after? END
START which language was used in lectures in art universities? END
START for what subjects did professors use the work of bolonga? END
START what types of subjects did the universities of bolonga focus on? END
START what type of degree was given out at the university of bolonga? END
START what type of degree would one likely get in iberia? END
START what type of university was an islamic madrasa akin to? END
START what type of individual funded a mediterranean university? END
START in which century did islamic madrasas start to transform into universities? END
START from where did a degree come in a madrasa? END
START what did many towns establish in the islamic world? END
START what did madrasa grant to students? END
START who said madrasahs developed from universities? END
START what islamic schools developed from universities in the 10th century? END
START what happened to madrasa in the 10000's? END
START what type of university was an a european university akin to? END
START what type of individual funded a european university? END
START in which century did islamic madrasas start to transform into hossein? END
START from where did a degree come in a university? END
START what did some monarchs become in the 10th centurty? END
START madrasas in which specific location are said to have guided the formation of medieval universities? END
START al-andalus was an emirate of which entity? END
START some scholars think that universities come from what, rather than solely local influences? END
START during what notable middle east conflict is it believed by some that universities received influence from madrasas? END
START who argues that many religious madrashas were influenced by medieval universities? END
START what does lowe argue was influenced by religious madrasa? END
START who does yasuhare say was influenced by western universities? END
START during what conflict did western universities influence madrasa? END
START madrasas in which specific location are said to have guided the formation of the islamic world? END
START lowe was an emirate of which entity? END
START during what notable middle east conflict is it believed by some that universities received influence from yasuhara? END
START who have drawn on the influences of scholarship from the european world? END
START who argued that early madrasahs were influenced by early midieval universities? END
START what was the time span of the early modern period? END
START at the completion of the middle ages how long had universities existed? END
START how many universities were within europe at the closure of the middle ages? END
START how many universities were within europe by the completion of the 18th century? END
START the german empire had how many universities? END
START what period occured from egan in 1500 and ended in the 18th century? END
START what began to happen to universities in the 1500's? END
START how long did it take for the world to establish 29 schools of higher education? END
START how many new universities were created in the 1500's? END
START how many universities exicted across europe by the end of the 1800's? END
START what was the time span of the german empire? END
START at the completion of the middle ages how long had countries existed? END
START how many universities were within germany at the closure of the middle-ages? END
START how many universities were within northern europe by the completion of the 18th century? END
START the mediterranean empire had how many universities? END
START what war most curtailed the spread of universities in the 17th century? END
START which university is said to have started faculty governance? END
START which entity started to appoint the administration of universities in the 17th century? END
START the control of universities by the state can be attributed to the advancement in the development of what? END
START how would one describe the control of universities before nation-states in the 17th century? END
START what spread across europe at a steady pace? END
START what slowed the spread of universities in the 1700's? END
START what encouraged the establishment of new niversities in the 17th century? END
START who favored amtempory advancements over the works of aristotle? END
START what war most curtailed the spread of universities in the 18th century? END
START which university is said to have started the arts? END
START which entity started to appoint the administration of universities in the 18th century? END
START the control of science by the state can be attributed to the advancement in the development of what? END
START how would one describe the control of universities before nation-states in the 18th century? END
START what were the faculty who supervised students in the university of paris called? END
START the structure of the university of paris served as what for other universities? END
START how many styles did the university of paris model end up taking when applied to other universities? END
START which university had teaching which was more general, and not centralized? END
START what type of student did schools that focus on very specific topics aim to create? END
START what student run university provided the standard for other universities? END
START how many different forms did the student run model take? END
START what centralized model was used by oxford? END
START what type of organiization was always used with the collegiate model? END
START what were the faculty who supervised students in oxford called? END
START how many styles did the university of oxford model end up taking when applied to other universities? END
START which university had teaching which was more centralized and not general? END
START what type of student did schools that focus on very controlled topics aim to create? END
START what did the university of paris address? END
START what was the source of educational material in early modern age universities? END
START what sources did early modern age universities rely on for medical curricula? END
START the concentration on students to live honorable lives is an example of what form of thought? END
START niccol leoniceno was a professor of what subject? END
START which individual added a humanist view into the corpus juris? END
START what curriculum did early modern universities deviate from? END
START who's curriculumn was not deeply impacted by humanism? END
START what greek's teachings encouraged students to live honorable lives? END
START what did niccolo leoniceno ifuse corpus juris with? END
START who aggressivly infultrated the university system? END
START what was the source of educational material in early modern age scholarships? END
START what sources did early modern age universities rely on for protestant curricula? END
START the concentration on professors to live honorable lives is an example of what form of thought? END
START galileo galilei was a professor of what subject? END
START which individual added a humanist view into the middle ages? END
START discovery and exposition were examples of the focus of what type of university scholar? END
START a concentration on the study of the self resulted in what field of study? END
START what work did vesalius push the study of? END
START what spread the use of texts by galen within universities? END
START research was an example of the focus of what type of university scholar? END
START a concentration on the study of classical texts resulted in what field of study? END
START what work did students push the study of? END
START what spread the use of texts by vesalius within universities? END
START what manifested in the adaptation and expansion of discovery? END
START in multiple countries in europe students can attend a university with what kind if financial burden? END
START until what year were public universities in nordic nation free of tuition? END
START what kind of students pay fees in public universities in denmark? END
START in terms of universities in denmark what is the fee status for citizens of efa states? END
START what happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow foreign students? END
START until what year were public universities in the uk free of tuition? END
START what kind of students pay fees in public universities in the uk? END
START what happened to public grants in nordic universities that continued to allow domestic students? END
START what three countries moved to put in place tuition fees for domestic students? END
START what were decreased to offset some of the impact? END
START in ireland what word is mainly used instead of university? END
START spain refers to a university in what other way? END
START the nation of ghana shortens university to what? END
START scotland is said to frequently refer to university as what? END
START in what century was it believed that the uk used the word varsity to refer to a university? END
START in scotland what word is mainly used instead of university? END
START mexico refers to a university in what other way? END
START the nation of congo shortens university to what? END
START in what century was it believed that france used the word varsity to refer to a university? END
START what has become uncommon in australia? END
START a college teaches students for how many years in canada? END
START what type of institution is a college in canada? END
START how many years does a degree-granting university in canada spend teaching students? END
START what is mcgill university in canada an example of? END
START what type of university is st francis xavier in canada? END
START a college teaches students for how many years in macleans? END
START what type of institution is a college in macleans? END
START how many years does a degree-granting university in macleans spend teaching students? END
START what is an example of a university geared toward research? END
START what is an example of a primarily graduate university? END
START how many vice presidents do most universities have? END
START what kind of board does a university commonly have? END
START what are the different departments of a university called? END
START who controls public universities? END
START besides students, what is the source of funds of private universities? END
START how many vice presidents do most businesses have? END
START what kind of board does a business commonly have? END
START what are the different departments of a business called? END
START who controls public businesses? END
START besides students, what is the source of funds of public universities? END
START how does the financial backing of universities around the world differ? END
START in nations that accept students from through the world what might the university offer to a student? END
START outside of state funded schools, and funds coming from donors, how might a university collect funds? END
START how does the financial backing of students around the world differ? END
START what do other states do for students? END
START where do the vast majority of students have funding from their hometown? END
START who are students in some countries predominatly funded by? END
START where does the funding and organization of students vary? END
START what is a university formed through a bilateral treaty known as? END
START in terms of intergovernmental universities, what is euclid? END
START what is a mission of euclid as it relates to signatory nations? END
START what type of school is the european university institute? END
START what type of study does the european university institute focus on? END
START what is a university formed through a unilateral treaty known as? END
START what is a mission of euclid as it relates to the united nations? END
START what type of school is the euclid? END
START what type of study does the eucud focus on? END
START what offers training in asian law? END
START what was a focus of the national university of ireland during the beginning of irish independence? END
START in what nation did the university revolution occur? END
START in what year did argentina's university revolution occur? END
START what was the result of the university revolution in argentina? END
START what was a focus of argentina during the beginning of irish independence? END
START in what year did ireland's university revolution occur? END
START what was the result of the university revolution in ireland? END
START what is generally a university created or run by private donors? END
START who collected a large amount of information on the argentina language? END
START in what year did the robbins report say that universities should have four objectives to remain balanced? END
START what nation did the 1963 robbins report focus on? END
START what should a university promote, according to the robbins report? END
START universities should maintain what, according to the robbins report? END
START the robbins report says universities should transmit what? END
START in what year did the robbins report say that men and women should have four objectives to remain balanced? END
START what nation focused on teaching? END
START what should men and women promote, according to the robbins report? END
START men and women should maintain what, according to the robbins report? END
START the robbins report says men and women should transmit what? END
START ending with what century did religion play a smaller part in the curriculum of universities? END
START what model of university structure was being used throughout the world at the finish of the 19th century? END
START what was the focus of universities in the 20th century? END
START who was sir keith murray? END
START what university did sir samuel curran contribute to the creation of? END
START ending with what century did german play a smaller part in the curriculum of universities? END
START what model of university structure was being used throughout the world at the finish of the 20th century? END
START what were the focus of grants in the 19th century? END
START who formed a university in germany? END
START what became less accessible to the masses? END
START at the end of what period would universities become alike to contemporary universities? END
START what type of focus did universities have at the end of the early modern period? END
START what replaced theological studies in universities at the completion of the early modern period? END
START the change in universities towards the completion of the early modern period is credited with the formation of what entity? END
START the study of the humanities at the end of the early modern period replaced the study of the work of what individual? END
START at the end of what period would universities become a fixture? END
START what type of focus did universities have at the end of the modern state? END
START what replaced theological studies in universities at the completion of the modern state? END
START the change in universities towards the completion of the modern period is credited with the formation of what entity? END
START the study of the humanities at the end of the modern state replaced the work of what individual? END
START scientists and universities were competing for what? END
START what type of education did private benefactors hope to provide to the public? END
START  governments created universities to serve as what? END
START what type of entity created competition with government created universities? END
START scientists and local governments were competing for what? END
START what type of education did scientists benefactors hope to provide to the public? END
START governments created knowledge to serve as what? END
START why did local governments establish research? END
START what could scientists not compete with? END
START what percentage of scientists from 14501650 in the dictionary of scientific biography were taught in a university? END
START on the part of universities what was their reaction to giving up the aristotelian system? END
START what university was melancthon from? END
START what type of epistemology was adopted for a short period of time in european universities? END
START the acceptance of new concepts and sciences by universities brought these ideas what? END
START what percentage of students from 1450-1650 in the dictionary of scientific biography were taught at a university? END
START what university was cartesia from? END
START what type of epistemology was adopted for a short period of time in middle eastern universities? END
START what type of epistemology served as the foundation of knowledge constructions and  training scholars in universities? END
START the scientific revolution contributed to what, in terms of science? END
START there was disagreement between universities and scientists over schools focusing on science, and the idea of what? END
START a hierarchy of scientific disciplines came out of what? END
START where did students after the scientific revolution put science on the scale of importance? END
START what type of epistemology served as the foundation of knowledge constructions and training students in universities? END
START what did the scientific scholar contribute to, in terms of science? END
START what resulted in a hierarchy of scholars? END
START where did scholars after the scientific revolution put science on the scale of importance? END
START what was there an indiscernible impact on? END
START the study of humanism among those studying math, astronomy and medicine is said to have caused what? END
START resisting what caused many scientists to court private benefactors? END
START where might a scientist find a friendly private benefactor? END
START which historian argues that traditionalism in a university system hindered attempts to form new views on knowledge and nature? END
START the study of humanism among those studying history is said to have caused what? END
START resisting what caused many students to court private benefactors? END
START where might a student find a friendly private benefactor? END
START which historian argues that traditionalism in a university system hindered attempts to form new views on medicine and mathematics? END
START what may have been a significant factor in driving students away from the university? END
START the members of what class were priests in ancient rome? END
START what kind of political separation did not exist in rome?  END
START what was the time span of the roman republic? END
START which god exemplified just rule for the romans? END
START as a result of what war were many new temples built by victorious generals? END
START what characteristics were not inherent in roman religious practice? END
START what was brought forth by religion in rome? END
START what religious feature did each roman home have? END
START what type of celebrations made up the roman calendar? END
START what religious group was in charge of rome's sacred flame? END
START how deities did the romans have? END
START what group was an influence to roman culture? END
START what sort  of practices did the greeks offer to rome's culture? END
START what myths did the romans adapt to their needs? END
START what religion influenced augury for the romans? END
START what was the practice of religion to the romans? END
START what was the standard practice in roman religious life? END
START what part of roman religious practice involved secrecy? END
START what group viewed the mysteries as suspicious or subversive? END
START what did the mysteries seem to threaten that made the romans occasionally attempt to ban them? END
START what did the romans tend to do with local religions and deities in conquered areas?  END
START to the romans what did them think promoted social stability? END
START what facet of a foreign people did rome add to itself to promote order? END
START to what areas of the roman empire did the romans take their deities? END
START what facet of religion was not an issue for roman? END
START after the republic collapsed,  what addition was made to the religions of rome? END
START who was the first roman emperor? END
START for whose well being were public vows made in the empire? END
START what did the romans use as a means of expanding their rule throughout the empire? END
START as what during the time of the roman empire  was rejection of the state religion viewed? END
START what mythical figure did the romans consider to be semi-divine? END
START of what did aeneas establish the central feature? END
START who were the keepers of aeneas's sacred objects? END
START what ancient festival was celebrated until the 5th century? END
START to whom did aeneas set up an alter in rome? END
START what mythical characters were involved in the founding of rome? END
START what type of story was the romulus and remus tale? END
START who was the mother of romulus and remus? END
START what god was the father of romulus and remus? END
START what type of events saved the twins of roman myth? END
START what type of organization did romulus establish? END
START what religious festival did romulus found? END
START according to myth, what god's temple did romulus found? END
START what did romulus offer to jupiter in the first roman triumph? END
START instead of death, what happened to romulus? END
START to what were the first kings of rome associated? END
START to what group of deities did lucius tarquinius priscus  establish a temple? END
START where was the temple to the triad gods established? END
START what organization did servius tullius found? END
START the removal of whom marked the beginning of the roman republic? END
START what type of myth did rome not have? END
START to the romans who ruled all aspects of heaven and earth? END
START what did the romans do for those deities that favored rome?  END
START what did rome make the myriad various cults? END
START what was basic facet of roman religious experience? END
START to the romans who was the most powerful of the gods? END
START what did jupiter personify in regards to rome's highest offices? END
START what gods did juno and minerva replace in roman religious practice? END
START from where does the practice of linking various gods into grouping come? END
START of what did the linking of greek and roman deities promote a feeling?  END
START what type of religious practices outnumbered the state observances? END
START to what did the mixture of official and individual religious practices  pertain?  END
START what were the characteristics of state religious observances? END
START who made the choices of personal religious practices in rome?  END
START what type of deities did roman communities have? END
START how many religious celebrations did rome have? END
START  what type of day were there more of in rome? END
START with what were roman festivals organized in accordance? END
START what traditions did the seasonal festivals incorporate? END
START instead of the public, what did some religious rites only require? END
START what type of festivals happened when events warranted them? END
START what is an example of an event organized religious celebration? END
START in what aspect of the festival did political figures try to out do each other? END
START under what auspices did public displays  come during the principate? END
START who paid for the most lavish of festival events? END
START what did obscure festivals offer romans the opportunity to do? END
START what did augustus wish to do for roman religion? END
START what poet wrote a long poem describing roman religious holidays? END
START what was lacking in the presentation of religious events in rome? END
START under whose rule were new christian festivals added to previous roman holidays? END
START around what aspect did the romans a lot space? END
START what religious practice did rome use to determine ritual? END
START what roman word was used to refer to the scared precinct? END
START what common latin words were used to mean a shrine or building? END
START what monuments were the some of most visible of roman culture? END
START what did each offering require to be valid in roman religion? END
START what did pliny the elder think that a sacrifice without prayer was? END
START what act alone had power in roman thought? END
START what knowledge was of importance in the potency of prayer? END
START what was missing in the formulas of prayer in rome? END
START when did the sacrifices to the deities of the heavens occur?  END
START what color was the sacrifice mandated to be for heaven deities? END
START what type of sacrifices were offered to gods with earth connections? END
START what event was held after the sacrifice? END
START who ate the meat of the sacrifice during the after sacrifice  banquet? END
START when were the gods below and the dead celebrated? END
START what type of sacrifice victims were the dark gods offered? END
START how was the sacrifice to the gods below handled? END
START what daylight event was not celebrated after the dark sacrifice? END
START what feature had importance in sacrifices? END
START what elements had the power of benefit or harm in roman religion? END
START what kind of intervention could be sought to avoid disasters? END
START what was expected when the divine intervention benefited the patron? END
START what act was decreed in times of crisis in rome? END
START what was the point of public procession to the god's temples? END
START what type of circumstances were called for in times of extreme difficulties? END
START what offering was jupiter promised during the second punic war? END
START from whom was rome asking for protection? END
START what happened to the sacrifice if the god failed to uphold the agreement? END
START what was the offering for the emperor in pompeii? END
START what were the exta of a sacrifice? END
START how were the exta read in roman religious practice? END
START what part of the sacrifice were reserved for the gods? END
START what part of the sacrifice was shared among humans? END
START into what was the god's portion of the sacrifice placed? END
START what type of sacrifice was rare in rome? END
START what act was repulsive to romans? END
START how were sacrifices of humans carried out in rome? END
START before the invasion of what area was human sacrifice carried out? END
START when was the invasion of gaul by rome? END
START during what war was the first gladiator munus held? END
START how was the gladiatorial combat described?  END
START what was not the ultimate purpose of gladiatorial rites? END
START in what way was gladiatorial combat considered? END
START how did later christians view gladiatorial combats? END
START who was the founder of the roman republic? END
START what were stand-ins for child sacrifices to mania? END
START who was mania in roman religion? END
START what leader was the first consul of the roman republic? END
START what acts were sometimes arranged so as to be sacrifices? END
START what act did romans view as obnoxious? END
START to whom was human sacrifice usually attributed? END
START what did rome do about human sacrifice? END
START as what  did the law of 81 bc view human sacrifice? END
START what ruler banned human sacrifice empire wide? END
START who was the senior priest of the household in rome? END
START which individual in the household was responsible for the vesta cult? END
START which ancient hero brought the lares cult to rome? END
START from what city did aeneas bring the lares cult? END
START what was put in the temple of vesta? END
START on what kind of system was roman religious law focused? END
START what form of religion was atheism considered to be?  END
START what results did proper religious practices produce? END
START what could deviations from proper religious practices cause? END
START what did participation in public religious rites show about the individual? END
START what organization payed for the maintenance official cults? END
START who funded non-official religious cults? END
START what group benefited from non- official cults?  END
START what group presented the opening ceremonies of the parentalia festival? END
START what individuals had the right to regulate all cults? END
START what was lacking as to the profession of a priest class in rome? END
START what authority in a community sponsored religious rites?  END
START what type of religious participants were available for consultation? END
START which member of a family functioned as priest? END
START what were the earliest priesthoods?  END
START who supervised sacred rites during the era of kings? END
START what type of authority did the rex sacrorum lack? END
START what group's power increased after the rise of the roman republic? END
START what individual became more powerful during the late republic? END
START by the late republic, what position had become largely symbolic? END
START what group selected public priests in rome? END
START what was the term of office for a priest in rome? END
START what limited an individual's access to religious offices? END
START because of the lack of pay, what was the type of honor in being a priest? END
START what did a priesthood in the imperial cult gain a provencial? END
START how many vestals were there in rome? END
START of what was vesta the goddess? END
START of what were the vestals protectors? END
START what was the benefit of being a vestal? END
START to whom did the vestal answer? END
START what vow was required of vestals? END
START what was the punishment for the loss of a vestal's chastity? END
START what was a vestal expected to be to her duties? END
START how were the vestals' devotion to rome's security viewed to be ? END
START what was the honor granted a vestal ? END
START where could a householder rekindle the home's flame? END
START for what state artifacts did the vestals care? END
START what was the vestal festival called? END
START to what part of official state sacrifices did the vestals attend? END
START what was the nature of the role of the vestals in state sacrifices? END
START what group's status was improved by augustus' religious reforms? END
START what advantage was there in being a vestal at games? END
START for whose cult were the vestals appointed as priestesses? END
START until what time did the vestal retain their social distinctions? END
START which emperor disbanded the vestals? END
START in what area did public rites take place in rome? END
START what person marked the religious area ritually? END
START what was the original meaning of the templum in latin? END
START who designated the first boundary of rome? END
START what did augers seek to understand through observances? END
START what process did haruspicy use to divine the will of the gods? END
START which of the entrails was especially important to augury? END
START to which group can haruspicy to traced? END
START what type of private  individual had several generals and politicians used to validate their actions? END
START what type of diviners did the armies use to determine the will of the gods? END
START what were considered to be natural transgressions by the romans? END
START what did prodigies show the romans? END
START of what were prodigies predictors? END
START what did the expiation of a prodigy impose? END
START what group determined the truth of a prodigy? END
START what author wrote of disaster prodigies? END
START of what did the greater prodigies require in sacrifice? END
START what type of sacrifices were required to expiate the minor prodigies ? END
START what is the only proof of religious success over prodigies? END
START of what did livy think the prodigies proved about roman religion? END
START from what source does information of roman thought about the afterlife come? END
START what type of practices were those affecting the care of the dead? END
START what did the ancient romans expect after death? END
START with whom did the  early romans expect to associate? END
START what did later romans invest in rather than grave offerings? END
START what type of rites varied in accordance with status and religion? END
START what was the grave sacrifice in cicero's time? END
START what class gave only wine and food as a grave offering? END
START what was the multi day of remembrance for the dead?  END
START what goddess was an intermediary  between the dead and the living? END
START what group's burial practices over-lapped with the roman's? END
START what items were shared among christian and non- christians? END
START what did st augustine believe that funeral feasts gave an opportunity for? END
START when was christian attendance at parentalia become forbidden by the christians? END
START how did the romans view the corpse of the dead? END
START how were roman camps laid out? END
START for what purpose were roman camps arranged? END
START of what were roman camps diminutive versions? END
START what was in the center of each roman camp? END
START what does the religious rites performed before battle suggest that the camp has become? END
START what type of personnel did every camp have? END
START what officer headed the religious personnel of a roman camp? END
START in the imperial era, what cult did legionnaires follow? END
START even in other places, of what did the legions keep observance? END
START what person was considered to be "mother of the camp''? END
START what was a roman general's most extreme offering? END
START what roman general had a dream of his fate in battle? END
START with what does the devotio link to military ethics? END
START by dying what did decius avoid for the battle? END
START who wrote a detailed account of the demise of decius mus? END
START what general was consul in 249 bc? END
START what type of campaign did publius fight? END
START what was publius's critical mistake in his sea campaign? END
START how did publius fare in his battle? END
START what was the cause of publius's failures according to roman feeling? END
START what was the amount of participation by women in religious observances? END
START what religious act did women not perform? END
START what priesthood was reserved solely for women? END
START what roman rites excluded men? END
START with what are many deities aligned for women in rome's religions?  END
START what was excessive religious fervor in rome's religions? END
START doing what type of actions were considered to be wrong in rome? END
START what was excessive religio equated with in rome? END
START what was the basis of roman religion? END
START what type of knowledge seeking was superstitio considered to be? END
START what type of diviners were suspect in rome? END
START what was the purpose to be discovered by state sanctioned diviners? END
START what action was not to be sought by state diviners? END
START what group of people were several times expelled from rome? END
START what had an astrologer predicted to warrant from rome by tiberius? END
START what word was used by the romans for practitioners of magic? END
START to what did the term magi originally refer? END
START who wrote a skeptical work outlining magic and its use? END
START what was the title of pliny's work on magic? END
START who was a noted magician who could vanish into thin air? END
START who consulted a witch before the battle of pharsalus? END
START what witch was reputed to be able to stop the rotation of the heavens? END
START what natural order was erichtho accused of undermining? END
START how was erichtho portrayed? END
START from what country did erichtho come? END
START what forbid harmful  incantations? END
START what deities were on the edge of roman religious community?  END
START what did people seeking the aid of magicians avoid? END
START what could public rites and magic easily become in some circumstances? END
START where was magic conducted in rome? END
START what science has confirmed the existence of magic use from early times? END
START what was the term for binding spells in the roman world? END
START what did the elite use instead of spells and potions to redress a wrong? END
START until what era did spells persist in the empire? END
START what era produced a decline in the use of spells? END
START what male group dominated all aspects of rome? END
START of what class was more than half of rome's population? END
START what was the lowest class of roman citizens? END
START how many adult males were able to vote in rome? END
START what organization was rome's official caretaker? END
START the link between what groups was necessary to rome? END
START where was the basic power in rome to be found? END
START what group was excluded from high offices ? END
START who did the senate select to settle a strike by the lower classes? END
START to whom was a temple dedicated at the settlement of the strike? END
START what did the patrician electorate keep in spite of a new plebeian nobility?  END
START what cult arrived from southern italy? END
START during what time did the dionysus cult become popular? END
START to what roman god was dionysus similar? END
START with loyalty a necessity, what censorship did not need to be enforced? END
START what appointment was the start of cesar's political rise? END
START what did the augustan settlement signify in rome's classes? END
START what did the claims of officials imply about the nature of the individuals? END
START in what year was cesar made pontifex maximus? END
START how were opportunities limited in the principate for the citizens of rome? END
START at the end of the regal period, what class was kept out of the state political and priesthood arenas? END
START with whom did rome have alliances at the end of the regal period? END
START what goddess became a part of the capitoline triad? END
START in what style was the temple to minerva built? END
START what gods were in the capitoline triad? END
START whose cult appeared from africa at the time of the latin league? END
START to whom was a new temple dedicated on the alban mount? END
START what cult was formed at the ars maxima in the forum boarium ? END
START for what group was castor a patron? END
START from where was venus brought and lodged on the capitoline hill? END
START what cult appeared from pessinus in 206 bc? END
START what cult was brought in to rome after the great mother cult? END
START in what year did the senate declare the bacchus subversive? END
START in what year was diana  brought into the pomerium? END
START what god was introduced in rome in 138 bc? END
START the spread of all things greek provided what for the interpretation of rome's religions? END
START what writer defined the development of the gods? END
START at the end of the republic, who read the stoic interpretations of roman gods and religion? END
START what factors sustained the beliefs in gods according to varro? END
START what theory claims that popular belief was based on fiction? END
START what did many romans claim in the republican era? END
START what style of claim did romans favor as a link to the gods? END
START what deity did the julii claim as an ancestor? END
START of what were such claims of deity relations the start? END
START what author further elaborated on the imperial claim of godhood?  END
START by the end of the republic, what offices were increasingly joined? END
START what roman figure was given wide and lifeime powers? END
START how many priesthoods was augustus given? END
START how were augustus's reforms viewed? END
START as a return to what did augustus portray the vestals in his reforms? END
START from what were countries in the empire free? END
START what were rome's policies in regards to foreign peoples? END
START what was rome's policy towards government? END
START what did foreign cults gradually begin to display in similarity to roman cults?  END
START what was rome not demanding of in religion of foreign areas of the empire? END
START to whom did roman soldiers set up alters? END
START what style of religious dedication was not uncommon for outer border areas? END
START what type of household gods and cults did soldiers bring to outer areas? END
START what act  of provincials brought new gods into the military? END
START what did rome typically award to provincial members of the empire? END
START what roman leader aspired to be a living god? END
START what form of government did cesar seem to be attempting? END
START to what ruler did foreign allies offer a divine cult?  END
START for what was augustus's reformed system of government notiable? END
START by the end of augustus's reign what was an established fact? END
START what was the emperor's rule in rome? END
START as first citizen, what must the emperor's mores represent? END
START as a living divus, what was the emperor to rome? END
START after his death, how was the emperor's afterlife decided? END
START what did emperors before diocletian try to guarantee in religion?  END
START what means guaranteed the jews and judaism in rome? END
START what religious buildings were established in rome in the imperial period? END
START when did judea become an allied kingdom to rome? END
START who recognized the jewish synagogues as being legitimate in rome? END
START in contrast to what religion was judaism acceptable in rome? END
START what group was accused of starting the great fire of 64 ad? END
START who made the accusation that the christians had started the great fire? END
START what outcome did the accusations against the christians produce?  END
START what was the persecution of the christians by rome? END
START how did early christians view traditional roman cultism? END
START which emperor decreed that all romans must sacrifice to traditional gods? END
START what religious group was exempt from sacrifices? END
START what oath was a requirement of the emperor's decree? END
START what was the decian decree meant to root out? END
START what happened to the decree after a year? END
START what did  valerian call the christian religion? END
START what christian events did valerian outlaw? END
START to what gods did valerian tell the christians to sacrifice? END
START what did valerian's second edict call the christians' presence in the empire? END
START what did the christian church become in the years after valerian's death? END
START for what reason were maximillian and marcellus executed? END
START in what year did diocletian's edict order the destruction of christian churches and texts? END
START in 303 ad what did christians begin losing? END
START with what were christian priests threatened in the second edict? END
START to what did the edict of 304 admonish christians to sacrifice? END
START how were the roman edicts handled in some areas? END
START in areas of strict enforcement, what happened to christians? END
START what were some christian communities? END
START what were some provincial governors in enforcement of the roman edicts? END
START when did galerius revoke the anti-christian policies? END
START who said the imperial honors were against christian teachings? END
START with what veneration did most christians have little trouble? END
START to what did the christian church equate the peace of the emperors? END
START what pontifax maximus favored the catholic church?  END
START what christian group did constantine i disapprove? END
START what edict defined imperial ideas as being those of toleration? END
START how did constantine accept christianity? END
START besides the acceptance of christianity, what other religious cults were tolerated? END
START as what type of ruler did constantine unite the empire and church? END
START as what was constantine honored when he died? END
START what group did constantine call to a meeting? END
START how many bishops attended the first council? END
START from where were the bishops in attendance at the council few in number? END
START what was the council of nicaea meant to define? END
START what agreement was reached a the council of nicaea ? END
START what emperor tried to revive traditional religious practices? END
START what was proclaimed the state religion under theodosius i? END
START what pleas were rejected by the empire? END
START what group was excluded or persecuted by the empire? END
START what aspects of roman religion influenced christian forms? END
START who rejected the christian religion? END
START when did julian become augustus? END
START what did julian try to restore to the empire? END
START what building did julian want to rebuild? END
START after julian's death, under to what type of religion did the empire return? END
START what office did western emperor gratian decline? END
START what group did gratian seek the abolish? END
START which emperor briefly united the empire again? END
START what flame did theodosius extinguish to remove the vestals from power? END
START of what was theodosius the last emperor? END
START where is youtube headquartered?  END
START when was youtube created? END
START how much did google pay for youtube in 2006? END
START other than video blogging and and educational videos, what content is available on youtube? END
START how does youtube now operate as a business? END
START what company did the three employees that started youtube in 2006 used to work for? END
START who bought youtube in 2005 for us$1.65 billion? END
START who's subsidiary does google now operate under? END
START what other technology does youtube use besides webm and h.642/mpeg-4 vac? END
START what are the first names of the men that invented youtube? END
START where did chen live in 2005? END
START when did the creators have the idea for youtube? END
START what was the original stimuli for creating the website? END
START where did chen live in 2007? END
START when did the creators have the idea for google? END
START what wasn't the original reason for creating the website? END
START who sold youtube? END
START when did chen hurley develop the idea for youtube? END
START what city did chen hurley live in? END
START what did karim hurley not attend? END
START when was the first beta test for the youtube site? END
START what was the first video to reach a million views? END
START how much did sequoia capital invest in youtube in november of 2005? END
START what was the official launch date for the youtube website? END
START as of may 2010 how many total video views had youtube attained? END
START what happened in march 2005? END
START what was the second video to reach a million views? END
START what hockey star was in the nike advertisement? END
START what ad first aired in august 2005? END
START what happened on december 25, 2005? END
START what type of public test was offered in may 2006? END
START what video first reached one million views in july 2005? END
START what happened on december 15, 2006? END
START how many videos were being uploaded every day by july 2010? END
START what company has a market share of 14%? END
START as of 2014, how many hours of video were being uploaded every  minute? END
START how much content on youtube comes from outside the us? END
START how many unique visitors a month were tracked as of 2014? END
START as of june 2015, how many estimated visitors does youtube have in a month? END
START youtube is ranked what on the world's list of most visited sites? END
START when did youtube say 400 hours were being uploaded every minute? END
START how much content on youtube comes from inside the us? END
START what is ranked second on the world's list of most visited sites? END
START what is ranked fourth on the world's list of most visited sites? END
START what has more than 20 billion visitors per month? END
START how many hours of new video every minute did youtube say were uploaded in 2015? END
START how much bandwidth did youtube consume in 2014? END
START how many visitors per month did youtube have as of june 2014? END
START what is the third most visited website in the world as of june 2014? END
START what did youtube do on march 31 2010?  END
START who was the google product manager in 2010? END
START how many videos was youtube serving per day as of may 2010? END
START how many views per day was youtube receiving as of may 2011? END
START how many videos per day were streamed as of january 2012? END
START what happened on march 30 2010? END
START who was the google product manager in 2009? END
START  how many videos was youtube serving per day as of may 2011? END
START  how many videos per day were streamed as of january 2014? END
START  how many views per day was youtube receiving as of may 2012? END
START what did youtube launch on march 13, 2010? END
START what did rajaraman shiva say about the new design? END
START how many videos was youtube serving per day in march 2010? END
START how many views was youtube recieving in march 2011? END
START how many videos were being streamed per day in january 2010? END
START what did youtube announce in feb of 2015? END
START what was the name of the new app youtube launched? END
START what platform was launched in aug of 2015? END
START what is the name of the youtube feature that removes ads and allows downloading movies? END
START on what os was the youtube kids app available? END
START what happened in march 2015? END
START what happened on august 25, 2015? END
START what is youtube blue? END
START what os is youtube kids unavailable? END
START what's the name of the program that gives ads? END
START what did youtube launch in august 2015 for children? END
START what was launched on february 26, 2015? END
START what was launched to compete with twitch.vt? END
START what premium service was launched in february 2015? END
START in 2010 youtube launched a version of its site that ran on what standard? END
START what was the main benefit from the switch to html5? END
START how did users opt into the trial version of youtube's html5 site? END
START what format besides h.264 was playable with html5? END
START when did html4 become standard? END
START what happened in january 2009? END
START  what format besides h.264 was playable with html4? END
START  what was the main benefit from the switch to html4? END
START when did youtube launch a version of its site that supported the hmlt5 standard? END
START what was no longer required with the support of hmlt5? END
START what were browsers supporting in order to use the h.642 or wemb formats? END
START what is the maximum length of a video on youtube? END
START when a user with a new account posts a video, what is the maximum length allowed? END
START when was the time limit on video length first enacted on youtube? END
START in 2006 youtube found that the majority of longer videos were what? END
START what is the upload file size limit on out of date browsers? END
START  what is the minimum length of a video on youtube? END
START when did they do away with the limit for the maximum length allowed? END
START what happened in august 2010? END
START  what is the upload file size limit on up to date browsers? END
START who can upload videos of 12 minutes in duration? END
START who can upload videos of 15 hours in duration? END
START what time limit was introduced in march 2005? END
START what was increased from 10 to 15 in july 2001? END
START when was 720p hd support added to youtube? END
START what did youtube change its screen format to from 4:3? END
START what video format support was added in 2009? END
START what is the highest resolution of video supported by youtube? END
START what is the name of the format that has dimensions of 40963072 pixels? END
START what ratio was youtube played changed to in july 2008? END
START when did youtube begin a switchover to h.246/mpeg-4? END
START what was added in july 2009? END
START what was added in november 2015? END
START peter bradshaw held what position in youtube? END
START what type of videos did youtube officially start supporting in july 2009? END
START what is the name for the common method of viewing a 3d movie, with red and blue glasses? END
START when did html5 officially support side-by-side 3d footage? END
START what was announced by peter bradshaw on may 21, 2009? END
START what did youtube begin supporting in july 2011? END
START what ways can all youtube videos be viewed? END
START youtube offers users the option to watch content where? END
START what is used to embed a youtube video to a webpage? END
START what is the most common use of embedded youtube videos? END
START what is a video called when a person records themselves watching a different video? END
START when did youtube officially remove the response feature? END
START what does the hmtl piece that accompanies each video do? END
START what is the hmtl functionality often used for? END
START what did youtube announce on august 13, 2017? END
START what are the features video users can disable? END
START youtube does not often post a what for its videos? END
START youtube intends for users to watch videos where? END
START what was added to the upload options in july of 2012? END
START which site removed the option of downloading youtube videos after 2012? END
START which videos are often available for download straight from youtube? END
START what did youtube announce in february 2012? END
START what did google send in june 2009? END
START whose weekly addresses could be downloaded as videos? END
START what has been the status regarding creative commons since june 2012? END
START when did youtube become available on apple products? END
START when did youtube launch its first app for the iphone? END
START what percentage of smartphone users use the youtube app? END
START what is apple's prefered video standard? END
START how long did it take to transfer youtube's content to apple's standard? END
START what company's products has youtube's videos been available on since july 2007? END
START what is h.642 to apple? END
START what was relaunched in june 2010? END
START what did youtube launch in july 2012? END
START how many smartphone users used youtube between april and june 2012? END
START what service was able to search and play youtube videos as of 2008? END
START what did youtube launch in jan of 2009? END
START later in 2009 what service replaced youtube for tv END
START google made youtube streamable on what gaming console in dec. of 2013? END
START when did youtube finally become available on the playstation 4? END
START what did youtube launch in january 2008? END
START what was introduced in june 2008? END
START what was launched on november 12, 2015? END
START what was made available on december 13, 2017? END
START what was youtube made available on during october 2013? END
START what is youtube red? END
START when was youtube red originally announced? END
START what was the original title of youtube red? END
START when was youtube red re-launched with its added features? END
START what service was "music key" intended to replace? END
START what is youtube premium? END
START what does youtube premium offer? END
START what was originally announced on november 14, 2012? END
START what was youtube premium originally called in 2014? END
START what was relaunched on october 12, 2015? END
START other than private individuals, who has used youtube to grow their audience? END
START what is the name of youtube's revenue-sharing program? END
START what was the highest earning youtube partner video producer? END
START big pop artists account for how what percentage of the views on youtube? END
START which music chart said in 2013 it would start taking youtube data into account for its ratings? END
START how did a 2012 mcu business editor characterize youtube? END
START what did katheryn thayer say in 2012 about youtube videos? END
START what were 2.5% of artists categorized as in 2012? END
START how many views did the 2.5% of artists receive in 2012? END
START what did billboard do in early 2012? END
START who is the ted curator? END
START what surprising feature does youtube possibly have the chance to revolutionize?  END
START who is the founder of the khan academy? END
START what other surprising aspect of human development will youtube likely have an impact on? END
START what famous historic figure did det curator chris anderson reference?  END
START what did salman noer found? END
START what did michael khan call the kahn academy? END
START an activist in the arab spring said they were using facebook to what? END
START an activist in the arab spring said they were using twitter to do what? END
START an activist in the arab spring said they were using youtube to do what? END
START who was the co-sponsor of the condemnation by the us senate over the kony 2012 video? END
START what year was the first youtube question asked to a presidential nominee? END
START who did youtube partner with to engage people in the 2010 presidential debates? END
START what did philip n. howard say about 2012's arab spring? END
START what happened 12 days after the "kony 2016" video was posted on youtube? END
START who spoke about kony's demise after the "kony 2016" video? END
START how has youtube helped the government? END
START the white house's youtube channel was the what number ranked news channel on youtube in 2012? END
START what was deemed necessary by the white house when creating youtube content? END
START in 2013 who did the healthcare exchange commission to impersonate obama and post it to youtube? END
START what was the purpose of iman crosson's video? END
START where did the white house's official channel rank in 2013? END
START whose 2012 video encouraged young americans to enroll in the aca? END
START who held a meeting to promote awareness of obamacare in february 2013? END
START who was the target audience of president obama's february 2013 youtube meeting? END
START what is the name of the group that drew responses from the resident and most of his staff regarding anti-bullying? END
START how ling did it take the it gets better project video to draw such a huge response? END
START how old was amanda todd when she took her own life because of bullying? END
START what was done after amanda todd's death? END
START what was the goal of the actions taken after amanda todd's death? END
START what project was aimed toward ltbg teens? END
START who did the it gets better video draw responses from within 15 months? END
START whose video prompted legislative action within two months? END
START how much time does the average person spend watching youtube videos each day? END
START what is the average time an american watches tv in day? END
START what was youtube's estimated ads revenue in 2013? END
START what was youtube's revenue as estimated in 2008? END
START youtube's financial records are not reported by who? END
START what did forbes project as youtube's revenue in january 2008? END
START how much time did visitors spend on youtube per day in january 2013? END
START what year did youtube's revenue from its ads program hit 3.6 billion? END
START what year did youtube double its ad revenue to 5.7 billion dollars? END
START when did youtube enter a partnership with nbc? END
START what is the name of the section in youtube that allows major content publishers to post full length movies and episodes? END
START what was the intended purpose of youtube's "shows" section? END
START when did youtube launch the version of "shows" for the uk? END
START in 2010 how many movies did youtube's rental service offer? END
START who entered into a partnership during june 2008 with nbc? END
START who did youtube reach agreements with in november 2006? END
START what did youtube launch in june 2009? END
START what did youtube introduce in november 2010? END
START what was youtube's 2007 partner program based on? END
START what percentage of revenue does youtube get for ads on "partner program" channels? END
START how many people are employed by the partner program? END
START as per estimate in 2013 how much would a partner program member earn with ad revenue off of pre-roll advertising per 1000 views? END
START how much ad revenue goes to the original uploader of the youtube video if they're in the partner program? END
START what did youtube launch in may 2013? END
START youtube typically takes 55% of the revenue from where? END
START who does 45% of the advertising revenue go to? END
START how many members were in the youtube partner program according to tubemogul in 2007? END
START where does the majority of youtube's revenue go? END
START in 2010 what were the estimates for the amount of videos with advertisements uploaded without the copywriter's consent? END
START which major gaming company claimed copyright ad revenue rights against uploaders? END
START when did nintendo finally agree to share ad profits with the original uploaders? END
START what option besides removing the video does youtube grant copyright holders? END
START what did nintendo start enforcing in 2015? END
START what did nintendo agree to share in 2013? END
START how many videos with advertisements were uploaded without the copyright holder's permission in 2013? END
START what does the message when uploading a video ask the user not to do? END
START posting a video without consent of the copyright holder is what according to youtube? END
START how many copyright infringements must an account have before the account is deleted? END
START youtube doesn't do what to videos before they're posted? END
START what kind of notice must a copyright holder issue when trying to take down content? END
START what does the online copyright liability limitation infringement act allow copyright holders to do? END
START what are youtube users asked to violate when uploading a video? END
START what act allows for a dcam takedown notice? END
START companies including viacom and mediaset have done what against youtube? END
START how much did viacom want in damages in their lawsuit against youtube? END
START what does youtube do to prevent losing lawsuits involving copyright infringement? END
START how many unauthorized clips did viacom allegedly find on youtube that infringed its copyrights? END
START what organizations has youtube filed lawsuits against? END
START who demanded $1.5 billion in damages? END
START who found that their content had been viewed "an astounding 1 billion times?" END
START how much data did youtube have to hand over to viacom as a result of the lawsuit? END
START which organization spoke against the courts ruling? END
START what did viacom plan to do after the ruling in 2010? END
START what happened to viacom's lawsuit in 2010? END
START who was the residing judge of the lawsuit? END
START who won a court ruling requiring youtube to hand over 10 terabytes of data? END
START whose lawsuit was rejected in june 2012? END
START whose lawsuit was rejected when judge stanton l. louis cited protection under the digital millennium copyright act? END
START what company did the millennium copyright digital act end up protecting? END
START in 2007 youtube launched an automated system to detect what? END
START who was google's ceo in 2007? END
START why did the ceo of google think the new software was necessary?  END
START what is the name of the system that automatically detects copyright violations? END
START what does content id do if an upload is too close a match to a known copyright material? END
START who is youtube's ceo? END
START what system did eric schmidt come up with? END
START when did google begin trials of content id? END
START what was the ultimate view of content id's performance after a 2009 test? END
START as of 2010 what is the maximum length of a video a user can upload given the proper authority? END
START how does one dispute the ruling of content id? END
START what happened to the sites rules in dec. 2010? END
START what did a 2010 independent test find? END
START what is one of the reasons youtube's rules were modified in december 2009? END
START what company ran the 2009 test of content id? END
START youtube depends on who to flag inappropriate videos? END
START who checks the flagged videos for unauthorized content? END
START the united kingdom stated it was what with youtube's policies with moderating its content? END
START when did the uk speak out against youtube's copyright policies? END
START who of the house of commons spoke out on youtube's policies? END
START what do uses rely on youtube to flag? END
START who said they were impressed in 2008? END
START what did the media and culture committee of the house of commons of the uk argue? END
START most videos enable users to do what END
START what has attracted negative attention about comments on youtube besides their content? END
START time in 2006 wrote that youtube harnessed the wisdom and what else of humanity? END
START which magazine wrote about youtube in a 2009 article on user comments? END
START some of the positive aspects of youtube might be that it provides what on a scale we've never seen before? END
START what did time say about youtube in 2009? END
START what did the guardian say about the comments on youtube in 2006? END
START what did time praise in 2009? END
START what can users leave on all videos? END
START when did youtube first require the user to have a google account before posting a comment? END
START the changes to the google+ additions allowed uploaders to better moderate and what to comments? END
START there were better sorting functions put in place in 2013 to make sure what kind of comments appeared on top? END
START what is youtube co-founder karim's first name? END
START how many thumbs down votes did youtube's official statement about the new commenting system get within two days? END
START what did google implement on november 13, 2006? END
START what did karim jawed post on his youtube channel in response to the policy change? END
START what did melvin chase note about google+? END
START what did melvin chase say about the discussion forums? END
START youtube is completely what in some places? END
START why besides limited periods of time would youtube not be allowed in a country? END
START what might happen in a restrictive state even if you do have access to the youtube site itself? END
START why was youtube completely blocked in all countries? END
START what does youtube do when a video is banned in all countries? END
START what does youtube do when the entire is site is blocked in all countries because of one video? END
START how many independent labels did the merlin network represent? END
START what was the percentage of labels youtube had signed contracts with prior to the planned launch date? END
START what was youtube planning on doing to labels it did not reach a deal with? END
START why did youtube want to ensure only contractees music was played? END
START which journalistic organization released the reports of youtube's agreement with the merlin network? END
START what service launched in may 2014 was a subscription based service? END
START what did robert kyncl confirm in may 2014? END
START what reason did robert kyncl give in may 2014 for youtube blocking content labels? END
START what did kyncl say 100% of the labels had reached? END
START who made a metaphor about a wall of separation? END
START what has the u.s. supreme court repeatedly cited? END
START when was the case of reynolds v. united states? END
START what did the court write about jefferson's comments as it related to the scope and effect of the first amendment? END
START what was the clause against establishment of religion by law intended to erect? END
START who refused a metaphor about a wall of separation? END
START  what has the u.s. supreme court repeatedly denied? END
START  when was the case of reynolds v. un? END
START  what did the court write about jefferson's comments as it related to the scope and effect of the third amendment? END
START what was the clause against establishment of non-religion by law intended to erect? END
START what was one of the reason early immigrant groups came to america? END
START what were protestant christians fleeing from? END
START who was persecuting the puritans? END
START what did william penn ensure the protection of in his colony? END
START what did the plymouth colony and massachusetts bay colony both establish? END
START what was one of the reason late immigrant groups came to america? END
START  what were protestant christians not fleeing from? END
START  who wasn't persecuting the puritans? END
START  what did william penn deny the protection of in his colony? END
START what did the plymouth colony and massachusetts bay colony both reject? END
START what may no person within georgia be deprived of the privilege of doing in any manner agreeable to them? END
START when was the georgia constitution amended to add article iv, section 10? END
START what can a citizen of georgia not be compelled to do? END
START what is constitutionally forbidden to be established in the state of georgia? END
START what will no person be denied the enjoyment of in georgia based on their religious principles? END
START what may every person within georgia be deprived of the privilege of doing in any manner agreeable to them? END
START  when was the georgia constitution amended to add article vi, section 10? END
START  what can't a citizen of georgia not be compelled to do? END
START what is constitutionally allowed to be established in the state of georgia? END
START what will every person be denied the enjoyment of in georgia based on their religious principles? END
START when did the north carolina constitution disestablish the anglican church? END
START what religious denomination was the only one allowed to hold public office in nc until 1835? END
START what category did the nc constitution broaden the people allowed to hold public office to from 1835 to 1876? END
START what part of the nc constitution forbids atheists from holding public office? END
START when did the u.s. supreme court rule clauses forbidding people from holding public office based on their religion was unenforceable?  END
START when did the north carolina constitution establish the anglican church? END
START what religious denomination wasn't the only one allowed to hold public office in nc until 1835? END
START  what category did the nc constitution broaden the people allowed to hold public office to from 1935 to 1976? END
START  what part of the nc constitution allows atheists to hold public office? END
START when did the u.s. supreme court rule clauses allow people to hold public office based on their religion was unenforceable? END
START what shows support for the separation of church and state as early as the mid-17th century? END
START what were the remonstrance opposed to? END
START when did a group of english citizens sign a document condemning hatred, war and bondage? END
START who were the signers of the document affronted by the persecution of? END
START what had peter stuyvesant formally banned all of other than the dutch reformed church? END
START what shows support for the separation of church and state as late as the mid-17th century? END
START  what were the remonstrance not opposed to? END
START when did a group of english citizens reject a document condemning hatred, war and bondage? END
START who were the rejecters of the document affronted by the persecution of? END
START  what had peter stuyvesant formally approved all of other than the dutch reformed church? END
START what did an established church, even at the state level, have? END
START what was issac backus' profession? END
START what region did isaac backus come from? END
START when did isaac backus write against a state sanctioned religion? END
START when was thomas jefferson's virginia statute for religious freedom enacted? END
START what didn't an established church, even at the state level, have? END
START  when was issac backus' born? END
START  what city did isaac backus come from? END
START  when did isaac backus write supporting a state sanctioned religion? END
START when was thomas jefferson's virginia statute for religious freedom rejected? END
START who was roger williams? END
START what phrase did roger williams first use? END
START what colony was roger williams the founder of? END
START when was the book the bloody tenent of persecution published? END
START who used william's phrase as a description of the first amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch? END
START who was a non-baptist theologian? END
START  what phrase did roger williams never use? END
START  what colony did roger williams escape from? END
START  when was the book the bloody tenent of persecution burned? END
START who used william's phrase as a description of the third amendment and its restriction on the legislative branch? END
START whose conceptions of separation have long been argued over? END
START what did jefferson refuse to issue, when it was sent to him by congress during his presidency? END
START how many religious proclamations did madison issue while president? END
START where did both jefferson and madison attend religious services? END
START what is essential to the purity of both religion and civil government? END
START  whose conceptions of separation have long been agreed with? END
START what did jefferson approve to issue, when it was sent to him by congress during his presidency? END
START how many non-religious proclamations did madison issue while president? END
START what did jefferson's opponents accuse him of wanting to do to christianity?  END
START what did jefferson encourage the separate sects at the university of virginia to have of their own? END
START how was the state banned from supporting a professorship of divinity? END
START what scheme did jefferson apparently support when it came to university students? END
START what does mark david hall think people focus on way too much? END
START what did jefferson's opponents not accuse him of wanting to do to christianity? END
START what did jefferson discourage the separate sects at the university of virginia to have of their own? END
START how was the state allowed to support a professorship of divinity? END
START what scheme did jefferson reject when it came to university students? END
START  what does mark david hall think people don't focus on enough? END
START when did jefferson's letter enter american jurisprudence? END
START what was the case that used jefferson's letter? END
START what was the topic of reynolds v. u.s.? END
START what was the court seeking, in using jefferson's letter? END
START what did the court rule outlawing polygamy was? END
START  when did jefferson's letter not enter american jurisprudence? END
START  what was the case that denied jefferson's letter? END
START  what was the court seeking, in not using jefferson's letter? END
START  what was the topic of meynolds v. u.s.? END
START what did the court rule not outlawing polygamy was? END
START what approach was not the only one taken in the 18th century? END
START what did jefferson draft his statute of religious freedom in opposition to? END
START who was the chief supporter of the bill that got jefferson motivated to draft his statute? END
START what did patrick henry want to require virginians to pay taxes to support? END
START what did the constitution of massachusetts express no one would be restrained from doing? END
START what approach was the only one taken in the 18th century? END
START what did jefferson draft his statute of religious freedom in support of? END
START  who was the chief opposition of the bill that got jefferson motivated to draft his statute? END
START what did patrick henry not want to require virginians to pay taxes to support? END
START what did the constitution of massachusetts express everyone would be restrained from doing? END
START what did the duke of york require every community in his lands to support? END
START instead of anglican, what were the churches most often supported in new york and new jersey? END
START what were taxpayers free to do after they paid the duke of york his local tax? END
START why was the duke not a friend of anglicanism? END
START when did the first anglican minister arrive in new jersey? END
START what did the duke of york never require every community in his lands to support? END
START instead of anglican, what were the churches never supported in new york and new jersey? END
START  what were taxpayers not free to do after they paid the duke of york his local tax? END
START  why was the duke a friend of anglicanism? END
START  when did the first anglican minister leave new jersey? END
START what did the original charter of the province of east jersey restrict membership in its assembly to? END
START what was the duke of york's relationship to his religion described as being? END
START what religious sect were the proprietors of perth amboy? END
START what did the province of west jersey specify there would not be for those running for an office, in 1681? END
START when was an oath requiring militia to abjure the pretensions of the pope replaced? END
START what didn't the original charter of the province of east jersey restrict membership in its assembly to? END
START  what was the duke of york's relationship to his religion described as not being? END
START  what non-religious sect were the proprietors of perth amboy? END
START what did the province of west jersey specify there would be for those running for an office, in 1681? END
START when was an oath requiring militia to abjure the pretensions of the pope not replaced? END
START what does the first amendment to the us constitution state? END
START what is the first part of the first amendment know as? END
START what is the last part of the sentence of the first amendment known as? END
START what do the two clauses of the first amendment for the basis of? END
START what are citizens of the united states free to embrace or reject as they choose? END
START  what does the second amendment to the us constitution state? END
START  what is the second part of the first amendment know as? END
START what is the first part of the sentence of the first amendment known as? END
START  what do the four clauses of the first amendment for the basis of? END
START what are citizens of the united states not free to embrace or reject as they choose? END
START what is john baker of lsu's profession? END
START why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the first amendment? END
START why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to both federalists and anti-federalists? END
START who took issue with madison's language during the debate over the establishment clause? END
START what was elbridge gerry's constituency?  END
START what is john baker of llu's profession? END
START why was a more general "religion" used in the language of the second amendment? END
START why was the word "national" a cause for alarm to neither federalists and anti-federalists? END
START who didn't take issue with madison's language during the debate over the establishment clause? END
START  what wasn't elbridge gerry's constituency? END
START where was representative roger sherman from? END
START why did sherman believe the establishment clause was unnecessary?  END
START what power was not granted to congress by the constitution? END
START where was representative thomas tucker from? END
START what was tucker concerned the establishment clause could preempt? END
START  where was representative roger merman from? END
START why did sherman believe the establishment clause was necessary? END
START  what power was granted to congress by the constitution? END
START  where was representative thomas pucker from? END
START what was tucker concerned the establishment clause could not preempt? END
START when was the 14th amendment to the us constitution created? END
START what was the intent of the 14th amendment? END
START what clauses does the 14th amendment include? END
START what does the 14th amendment also introduce the concept of? END
START what has the doctrine of incorporation been used to ensure? END
START when was the 13th amendment to the us constitution created? END
START  what was the intent of the 13th amendment? END
START  what clauses does the 13th amendment include? END
START  what does the 13th amendment also introduce the concept of? END
START what has the doctrine of incorporation been used to not ensure? END
START what landmark case has impacted all subsequent interpretations of the separation of church and state in regard to state governments? END
START what did the supreme court uphold in everson v. board of education? END
START what did the supreme court hold the first amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to? END
START what was a recent case involving the application of the principle of the establishment clause against states? END
START when was the case of v. grumet? END
START what landmark case hasn't impacted all subsequent interpretations of the separation of church and state in regard to state governments? END
START what didn't the supreme court uphold in everson v. board of education? END
START what didn't the supreme court hold the first amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to? END
START what was a past case involving the application of the principle of the establishment clause against states? END
START  when was the case of v. prumet? END
START what did jefferson's concept of 'separation of church and state" became part of what jurisprudence? END
START what case was jefferson's concept apropos to? END
START what does the constitution guarantee when it comes to religion? END
START what word is not defined in the constitution? END
START who had jefferson's letter been sent to? END
START jefferson's concept of 'separation of church and state" didn't become part of what jurisprudence? END
START what case wasn't jefferson's concept apropos to? END
START  what doesn't the constitution guarantee when it comes to religion? END
START  what word is defined in the constitution? END
START who hadn't jefferson's letter been sent to? END
START when was the centrality of the "separation" concept to the religion clauses of the constitution made explicit? END
START what case was the concept relevant? END
START what was the topic of the everson v. board of education? END
START what was the case of everson v. board of education the first instance of? END
START how must the wall separating church and state be kept? END
START when was the centrality of the "separation" concept to the religion clauses of the constitution not made explicit? END
START  what case wasn't the concept relevant? END
START  what wasn't the topic of the everson v. board of education? END
START what was the case of everson v. board of education the second instance of? END
START  how mustn't the wall separating church and state be kept? END
START what did the decision ultimately uphold? END
START what was the state allowed to continue to fund? END
START what did both the majority and dissenting opinions reiterate? END
START what was the disagreement between the justices over whether funding breached what? END
START what did justice jackson argue there were no grounds upon which to support what? END
START what did the decision not uphold? END
START  what was the state not allowed to continue to fund? END
START  what did neither the majority and dissenting opinions reiterate? END
START what was the agreement between the justices over whether funding breached what? END
START  what did justice jackson agree there were no grounds upon which to support what? END
START when did the supreme court address the issue of officially sponsored prayer in public schools? END
START what was the case in 1962 where the supreme court addressed the issue of officially sponsored school prayer? END
START by what vote did the supreme court determine it unconstitutional for state official to compose an official school prayer? END
START even if a prayer is non-denominational it's still considered what? END
START when did the supreme court address the issue of unofficially sponsored prayer in public schools? END
START  what was the case in 1962 where the supreme court addressed the issue of unofficially sponsored school prayer? END
START  by what vote did the supreme court determine it unconstitutional for state official to compose an unofficial school prayer? END
START  even if a prayer is denominational it's still considered what? END
START what was one of the reasons early colonists left england to seek religious freedom in america? END
START who was the lone dissenter in the supreme court's ruling? END
START what did stewart object to? END
START stewart felt the court was not responsibly aided by the uncritical invocation of what? END
START stewart pointed out that the phrase "wall of separation" was nowhere to be found in what? END
START what wasn't one of the reasons early colonists left england to seek religious freedom in america? END
START  who wasn't the lone dissenter in the supreme court's ruling? END
START  what did stewart agree with? END
START stewart felt the court was responsibly aided by the uncritical invocation of what? END
START stewart pointed out that the phrase "wall of separation" was everywhere to be found in what? END
START when did the case of epperson v. arkansas take place? END
START what did an arkansas law make it a crime to teach the theory of? END
START who wrote the court's opinion in epperson v. arkansas? END
START what did the arkansas law violate the constitutional prohibition of state laws in respect to? END
START what does the state have no legitimate interest in protecting any or all religions from? END
START when did the case of ipperson v. kansas take place? END
START  what did an arkansas law make it legal to teach the theory of? END
START  who wrote the court's opinion in epperson v. kansas? END
START what did the kansas law violate the constitutional prohibition of state laws in respect to? END
START what does the state have legitimate interest in protecting any or all religions from? END
START when was the case of lemon v. kurtzman? END
START what state's policy was in question in lemon v. kurtzman? END
START whose salaries were being reimbursed in private religious schools? END
START what did the state's policy violate? END
START what did the court's decision argue that the separation of church and state could never be? END
START when was the case of lime v. kurtzman? END
START  what state's policy was in question in lime v. kurtzman? END
START  whose salaries were being reimbursed in public religious schools? END
START  what did the state's policy not violate? END
START what did the court's decision argue that the separation of church and state could always be? END
START how many prongs is the supreme court's test to determine if a government action comports with the establishment clause? END
START what is the three-pronged test regarding the establishment clause know as? END
START to not violate the establishment clause, a law must be adopted with neutral or what purpose? END
START what much the primary effect of a law neither advance or inhibit? END
START excessive entanglement occurs when a state policy results in a close relationship of what? END
START how many prongs is the supreme court's test to determine if a government action comports without the establishment clause? END
START what is the four-pronged test regarding the establishment clause know as? END
START to violate the establishment clause, a law must be adopted with neutral or what purpose? END
START  what much the primary effect of a law both advance and inhibit? END
START excessive entanglement occurs when a state policy results in a distant relationship of what? END
START how many judges were on the panel which held the pledge of allegiance in california public schools was unconstitutional? END
START when did the three judge panel make their ruling? END
START what did both houses of congress pass measures reaffirming their support for? END
START why was the case of elk grove unified school district v. newdow overturned? END
START what did the five-justice majority hold that newdow lacked? END
START how many judges weren't on the panel which held the pledge of allegiance in california public schools was unconstitutional? END
START when did the three judge panel fail to make their ruling? END
START what did neither house of congress pass measures reaffirming their support for? END
START why was the case of elk grove unified school district v. newdow not overturned? END
START  what did the six-justice majority hold that newdow lacked? END
START when did the us court of appeals rule in the case of aclu v. mercer county? END
START what was displayed in kentucky courthouses? END
START why were the displays of the ten commandments allowed? END
START when was a ruling handed down on the mount soledad cross controversy? END
START what did a federal judge rule must be removed from public property? END
START when did the us court of appeals not rule in the case of aclu v. mercer county? END
START  what was not displayed in kentucky courthouses? END
START  why were the displays of the ten commandments disallowed? END
START when was a ruling not handed down on the mount soledad cross controversy? END
START what did a federal judge rule must be removed from private property? END
START what case is in regards to whether prayers at town meetings must allow various faiths? END
START when did the supreme court rule on town of greece v. galloway? END
START what was the supreme court's final vote in town of greece v. galloway? END
START who did the supreme court rule in favor of? END
START what did the supreme court rule the constitution allowed for? END
START what case is in regards to whether prayers at town meetings must not allow various faiths? END
START  when did the supreme court not rule on town of greece v. galloway? END
START  what wasn't the supreme court's final vote in town of greece v. galloway? END
START who did the supreme court not rule in favor of? END
START  what did the supreme court rule the constitution disallowed for? END
START what do some organizations disagree with the notion of? END
START what do scholars also disagree with about the way the supreme court has interpreted what? END
START what do the critics argue the phrase misrepresents? END
START what do critics note were intermingled at the time the constitution was ratified? END
START what do these critics argue couldn't have been intended by the framers of the constitution? END
START what do some organizations agree with the notion of? END
START what do scholars also agree with about the way the supreme court has interpreted what? END
START  what don't the critics argue the phrase misrepresents? END
START what do critics note were intermingled at the time the constitution was not ratified? END
START  what do these critics argue could have been intended by the framers of the constitution? END
START critics of modern separation of church and state note there was official establishment of what in several states at the time of ratification? END
START when was the passage of the 14th amendment? END
START what was recognized by the time the 14th amendment passed? END
START what kind of theory is the doctrine of the living constitution? END
START what do some debates center on the law of the land not being just defined by the constitution's supremacy clause but also by what? END
START critics of modern separation of church and state note there was unofficial establishment of what in several states at the time of ratification? END
START  when was the passage of the 15th amendment? END
START  what wasn't recognized by the time the 14th amendment passed? END
START  what kind of theory is the doctrine of the dead constitution? END
START what do some debates center on the law of the land being just defined by the constitution's supremacy clause but also by what? END
START what clause are both elected officials and appointed ones covered by? END
START what type of beliefs are not an allowed job qualification test for federal employees? END
START how many states violate the religious test clause with language somewhere in their official policies? END
START what do states violate the clause require state office-holders to possess? END
START what clause are neither elected officials and appointed ones covered by? END
START  what type of beliefs are an allowed job qualification test for federal employees? END
START how many states violate the religious test clause without language somewhere in their official policies? END
START what don't states violate the clause require state office-holders to possess? END
START what do the non-permissible clauses require a belief in? END
START what's one example in tennessee's constitution? END
START what language do some of the same states specify the oath of office include? END
START requiring oaths invoking god are today deemed to be in violation of what? END
START because such oaths are in violation of the first amendment, they're what? END
START what do the permissible clauses require a belief in? END
START  what's not one example in tennessee's constitution? END
START  what language do some of the different states specify the oath of office include? END
START  requiring oaths invoking god are today deemed to not be in violation of what? END
START because such oaths are in violation of the second amendment, they're what? END
START why have perks like relaxed zoning rules and special parking privileges been allowed for churches? END
START what is the national motto "in god we trust" officially known as? END
START what has the supreme court ruled about ceremonial deism? END
START what state uses as a motto a passage from the bible? END
START why was ohio allowed to use a biblical passage as its motto? END
START why have perks like relaxed zoning rules and special parking privileges been disallowed for churches? END
START  what is the national motto "in god we trust" unofficially known as? END
START  what has the supreme court not ruled about ceremonial deism? END
START  what state doesn't use a passage from the bible? END
START  why was ohio disallowed from using a biblical passage as its motto? END
START when do jeffries and ryan that the modern concept of separation of church and state dates from? END
START what was the central point of the rulings of the supreme court's rulings? END
START what was later banned in public education? END
START how many propositions make up the separationist position on the establishment clause? END
START when don't jeffries and ryan that the modern concept of separation of church and state dates from? END
START what was the non-central point of the rulings of the supreme court's rulings? END
START what was later not banned in public education? END
START  how many propositions make up the separationist position on the non-establishment clause? END
START what position do jeffries and ryan argue was the reason for support from a coalition of separationists? END
START what type of secularism came to dominate american public life? END
START who supported the ban against government aid to religious schools before 1970? END
START what diminished after 1980? END
START what is opposed today by members of many protestant faiths? END
START what position do jeffries and ryan argue wasn't the reason for support from a coalition of separationists? END
START  what type of secularism came to dominate non-american public life? END
START who supported the unban against government aid to religious schools before 1970? END
START  what diminished after 1981? END
START  what is opposed today by members of no protestant faiths? END
START what do critics of the concept of separation of church and state argue it's untethered to? END
START what is the profession of philip hamburger? END
START what school is philip hamburger associated with? END
START what does hamburger feel the modern concept of separation of church and state is rooted in? END
START what are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state known as? END
START what do critics of the concept of separation of church and state argue it's tethered to? END
START  what isn't the profession of philip hamburger? END
START  what school is philip hamburger disassociated with? END
START what does hamburger feel the modern concept of separation of church and state is not rooted in? END
START what are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state never known as? END
START who is the executive director of the baptist joint committee? END
START what does walker feel does not impugn the validity of the principle of separation of church and state? END
START who have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having nothing to do with a desire for a secular culture? END
START separationists opposed the catholic church when it sought to do what? END
START what does a principled debate on the issues not support a charge of? END
START  who is the former executive director of the baptist joint committee? END
START what does walker feel does impugn the validity of the principle of separation of church and state? END
START  who have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having everything to do with a desire for a secular culture? END
START separationists agreed with the catholic church when it sought to do what? END
START what does a principled debate on the issues support a charge of? END
START what did evangelicals want to keep apart? END
START what did religious freedom result from? END
START what profession does frank lambert have? END
START what is the name of lambert's book? END
START what did deists and skeptics join together to fight for? END
START  what didn't evangelicals want to keep apart? END
START  what didn't religious freedom result from? END
START  what profession doesn't frank lambert have? END
START  what is the name of mambert's book? END
START  what did deists and skeptics join together to fight against? END
START what does bellah say the separation of church and state is grounded firmly in? END
START what does bellah use the term "civil religion' to describe? END
START whose speech does bellah's 1967 article analyze? END
START what word does bellah ask how a president is justified to use? END
START what has the separation of church and state failed to deny the political realm of? END
START what does bellah say the separation of church and state is not grounded firmly in? END
START  what doesn't bellah use the term "civil religion' to describe? END
START  whose speech does bellah's 1977 article analyze? END
START  what word does bellah ask how a president is justified to not use? END
START what has the separation of church and state failed to approve the political realm of? END
START who has argued the united states is a model for the world in separation of church and state is a good thing? END
START what does having no state-run or state-established allow a variety of religions to do? END
START where is the center for new religions located? END
START what does wood believe the u.s. operates on? END
START what does wood call the approach of allowing individuals the freedom to decide what they want to believe? END
START who hasn't argued the united states is a model for the world in separation of church and state is a good thing? END
START what does having no state-run or state-established allow a variety of non-religions to do? END
START  where did the center for new religions leave? END
START  what does wood believe the u.k. operates on? END
START  what does wood call the approach of allowing individuals the freedom to decide what they don't want to believe? END
START what type of faith is protestantism? END
START whose teachings were once considered to be heretical? END
START other than protestantism, what are the other two divisions of christianity? END
START who wrote a letter protesting the condemnation of martin luther? END
START what was the name of the movement that started protestantism? END
START what do all protestantism denominations reject? END
START what catholic doctrine is usually denied in protestantism? END
START what is the term to describe using only faith for justification? END
START what is the highest authority in protestantism for morals? END
START what is the term to describe the differences between protestantism and catholicism? END
START where did lutheranism begin? END
START name three early protestant reformers. END
START where did arminianism take hold? END
START who ended catholic supremecy in england? END
START who made large contributions in the sciences in latter centuries? END
START what percentage of christians are protestant? END
START which continents have some form of protestantism? END
START what types of protestantism are increasing? END
START what protestant church has members around the world? END
START how many people are considered protestant? END
START from what language does the term evangelical originate? END
START what german word refers to the gospel or being protestant? END
START what english word for a church began with the puritans in england? END
START name two contributors to reformed churches. END
START who brought evangelicalism to the u.s.? END
START what is the term for teaching by only scripture? END
START how many primary doctrines are focused on the bible? END
START what is the term that means all in the bible is true? END
START what power can help someone overcome sin? END
START what is the term for needing the bible for salvation? END
START which ideas had little criticism for the most part? END
START what is the term for how the church as a whole works? END
START what group believes that some in the church have a special status to understand the bible? END
START at what period was inerrancy debated? END
START what item could be learned to gain salvation? END
START what is the second principle of protestantism? END
START what was luther's main principle? END
START what principle made the bible the one source for teaching? END
START what did reformers considered their beliefs to be, in terms of focus? END
START faith can bring what eternal benefit? END
START when did protestantism begin to split? END
START what was one of the main causes of the split in protestantism? END
START what catholic belief did early protestants not agree with? END
START what two substances are used in a catholic mass? END
START whose body and blood is considered present in holy communion? END
START who was one of the first to try to reform the catholic church? END
START when were the waldensians created? END
START in what year were the waldensians labeled as heretics? END
START where does the waldensian movement still exist currently? END
START what teachings originated with arnold of brescia? END
START who started the hussite movement? END
START whose words were an inspiration for jan hus? END
START how many crusades were waged against the hussites? END
START who called the crusades against the hussites? END
START how did jan hus die? END
START when did martin luther attach his 95 theses on the door of the church? END
START what did the theses argue against selling? END
START what catholic devotion would martin luther write about after the 95 theses/ END
START where was all saints' church? END
START who did martin luther criticize in the 95 theses? END
START who condemned the reformation? END
START who wrote the ordinances of 1541? END
START what city became the unofficial capital of the protestant movement? END
START what type of missionaries were taught in geneva? END
START when did john calvin die? END
START what was the nickname for french protestants? END
START what did the french find alienating about catholicism? END
START when were french nobles converted to protestantism? END
START whose death caused an increase in the french civil wars? END
START when was the st. bartholomew's day massacre? END
START who began the protestant movement in switzerland? END
START which two areas had a long history of resentment? END
START what was the name of the meeting to make an alliance between zwingli and luther? END
START what prince hosted the colloquy of marburg? END
START what did the colloquy of marburg become infamous for? END
START under whose reign did the church of england part from rome? END
START when was the act of supremacy passed? END
START who was made the supreme head of the church of england in 1534? END
START what made anglicanism into a more distinct tradition? END
START in what years were the dissolution of the monasteries carried out? END
START the growth of puritanism happened during what age? END
START the puritan movement worked on reforming what church? END
START what did the puritans want the church of england to emulate? END
START what was another name for the later puritan movement? END
START what did the later puritan movement create? END
START when was the scottish reformation? END
START the scottish reformation decreased what country's influence? END
START who was the leader of the scottish reformation? END
START whose regime made possible the scottish reformation? END
START when was the papal jurisdiction act passed? END
START when was the german peasants' war? END
START what war was waged from 1618 to 1648? END
START how much was the german population reduced during the thirty years' war? END
START what treaty ended the thirty years' war? END
START where was the german peasants' war? END
START what movement occurred during the 1730's and 1740's? END
START what movement made a permanent mark on protestantism in the u.s.? END
START when did the second great awakening start? END
START which congregations joined the second great awakening the most after 1820? END
START when did the second great awakening lose momentum? END
START what did the second great awakening create? END
START what was the second great awakening a reaction against? END
START when was the third great awakening? END
START what denominations did the third great awakening affect? END
START what movement was affiliated with the third great awakening? END
START what other movement gained its force from the third great awakening? END
START what new groups were formed as a result of the third great awakening? END
START what modern movement began in the 20th century? END
START what were the roots of the modern pentecostal movement? END
START what movement did pentecostalism create? END
START in what city did the modern pentecostal movement begin? END
START what type of mission was the birthplace of the modern pentecostal movement? END
START where has there been a rise in evangelical protestantism? END
START what type of churches have declined? END
START when did liberal christianity increase? END
START when did conservative churches start to increase? END
START what type of evangelical churches are the most popular? END
START what direction has europe moved towards? END
START what caused the spread of secularism? END
START what areas have a higher rate of christian observance? END
START what country is more religious than other developed nations? END
START when did south america show an increase in evangelicals? END
START which reformation was seen as not being effective enough? END
START what did karlstadt call lutheran theologians? END
START what is another name for magister? END
START what were reform movement leaders compared to? END
START what has been linked with pacifism? END
START what type of church do protestants believe in? END
START who comprises the invisible church? END
START what is the name of the main principles of protestantism? END
START what other entities are also considered to be protestant? END
START what catholic doctrine do protestants not believe in? END
START what type of movements have tried to unite protestant denominations? END
START which is larger, divisions or unions of protestantism? END
START what beliefs do most denominations agree on? END
START what types of doctrines do denominations not agree on? END
START what type of belief defines what is a major or minor doctrine? END
START what do national churches bring together? END
START how long has the faroe islands church been independent? END
START who has the only reformed church? END
START who is the head church of the anglican communion? END
START what type of church does tonga have? END
START what is another name for denominational families? END
START what are the major branches of protestantism? END
START what small branch of protestantism will also be discussed? END
START what created the differentiation of protestant branches? END
START what do some branches share in common? END
START the adventist movement has encouraged examining what in full? END
START what adventist groups observe the sabbath? END
START what is the name of the seventh-day adventist's core beliefs? END
START what is used for justification of the 28 fundamental beliefs? END
START what belief about ultimate punishment do adventists disagree on? END
START what does the word anabaptist describe? END
START who named the anabaptists? END
START what baptism do anabaptists reject? END
START who persecuted the anabaptists in the 16th century? END
START hans denck was considered what type of reformer? END
START what does anglican mean? END
START when did the word anglican begin? END
START who do the anglican churches have communion with? END
START how many anglican communion members are there in the world? END
START what power does each national or regional church possess? END
START who did the church of england split from? END
START at what time did the church of england become independent? END
START who headed the anglican reforms in the middle of the 16th century? END
START the church of england's reforms put it in the middle of what two traditions? END
START what liturgical forms in anglicanism were considered unacceptable by many progressive protestants? END
START according to baptists, who should have baptisms? END
START what type of baptism do baptists conduct? END
START what two offices do baptists have? END
START what type of churches are most baptists churches considered to be? END
START what is another term for soul competency? END
START where was the earliest baptist church founded? END
START who was the pastor of the first baptist church? END
START who believed that christ's atonement was for everyone? END
START who founded the first baptist group in what is now the united states? END
START who has spread the teachings of the baptists to each continent? END
START what is the most well-known summary of calvin's teachings? END
START what area does the five points of calvinism focus on? END
START what is a brief description of calvinism? END
START what calvinism doctrines are examples of the concept of the sovereignty of god? END
START who was an early leader in the reformed churches? END
START what is one of the largest protestant branches with 80 million members? END
START how popular is the branch of lutheranism? END
START what is the largest body of lutheran churches? END
START how many people belong to the lutheran world federation? END
START name two smaller lutheran church bodies. END
START who was the inspiration for methodism? END
START who did methodism originally attract? END
START what was john wesley's occupation? END
START how many methodists are there in the world today? END
START how did the methodist movement spread so far and wide? END
START methodists believe that christ achieved salvation for whom? END
START what do methodists believe that one must do to receive christ's salvation? END
START what is methodism known for, as far as music goes? END
START who wrote most of the methodist hymns? END
START what calvinist doctrine is focuses on salvation? END
START give two examples of spiritual gifts. END
START what are other terms used to describe pentecostalism? END
START pentecostals liken their teachings to those of what age? END
START pentecostals believe in baptism with what entity? END
START what three things are pentecostals committed to? END
START how many denominations were spawned by pentecostalism? END
START how many pentecostals are there in the world? END
START what movement has caused non-pentecostal churches to accept some pentecostal beliefs? END
START who can claim over 500 million members? END
START where is pentecostalism currently growing the most? END
START what do some groups of people who believe in basic protestant principles identify as? END
START what denomination do these small groups belong to? END
START how much affiliation do these small groups have with historical denominations? END
START who has founded these small groups of christians? END
START where do the plymouth brethren hail from? END
START what belief is the emphasis of the plymouth brethren? END
START though the plymouth brethren do not have a denominational name, what name is generally used for them? END
START when did the plymouth brethren originate? END
START what denomination do the brethren originate from? END
START what is another informal name for quaker? END
START what is the quakers unifying belief? END
START what have the quakers tried to avoid? END
START what collective movement are the quakers associated with? END
START what types of christianity do quakers belong to? END
START what is a prominent example of a movement which crosses over denominational lines? END
START which movement actually affected the catholic church? END
START what groups beliefs does the charismatic movement seek to add to branches of christianity? END
START name a sub-group of the charismatic movement. END
START what other types of churches often adopt charismatic or evangelical beliefs? END
START what period saw a large upswing in evangelicalism? END
START methodism is part of what movement? END
START where did the great awakenings increase interest in evangelicalism? END
START what man is associated with the beginnings of evangelicalism? END
START what american is considered to have been a seminal influence in the charismatic movement? END
START when was the massey conference held? END
START the massey conference eventually led to developing what seminars? END
START name uk influences on the charismatic movement. END
START where was the massey conference held? END
START who helped lutherans understand the charismatic movement in the 1960s? END
START in what state did charismatic lutheran congregations grow to be quite large? END
START where is an annual event that has quite a bit of charismatic activity? END
START what was published in 1974? END
START who wrote touched by the spirit? END
START who heads the newfrontiers movement? END
START where is every nations churches located? END
START what tendencies do reformed charismatics avoid? END
START what is a name for gifts of the spirit? END
START name the renewal movements which could be considered overemotional. END
START what group was very much hampered in england from making changes? END
START what college was influenced by puritan beliefs? END
START what movement influenced the puritans? END
START what movement did the puritans adopt in the 17th century? END
START when was the synod of dort? END
START what type of theology did puritans accept? END
START when did separatists become powerful in puritanism? END
START what types of piety did the puritans advocate? END
START where was calvin criticized? END
START at what gathering were supporters unsuccessful in establishing a new national church? END
START what religious movement affected education, politics, the economy, and marriage? END
START what churches let their clergy marry? END
START when did women join the protestant ministry? END
START what types of churches have women had leading positions? END
START what priesthood rules do protestant churches reject? END
START what did reformers increase so that their followers could read the bible? END
START in the middle of the eighteenth century, how many swedes could read and write? END
START who founded harvard college? END
START when was yale founded? END
START what state became a hub of learning? END
START what is the heart of the protestant moral code? END
START what did calvin particular reject? END
START what was a strong reason for inventors and investors to work on technical inventions? END
START what work ethic was an influence on capitalism and the industrial revolution? END
START what is another name for the protestant work ethic? END
START who calculated the global value development index? END
START what does a good job of combining religion and liberalism? END
START who did an analysis of world values survey data? END
START what university is arno tausch from? END
START what type of engagement is considered a world value? END
START what denominations are considered to be wealthier than most other groups? END
START affluent american families are what type of families? END
START what denominations are considered to be better educated than most other groups? END
START what political group has a disproportionately large number of protestants? END
START other than politics, what areas have a disproportionately large number of protestants? END
START the rise of english puritanism and german pietism resulted in a corresponding rise in what? END
START what religions did merton think caused the scientific revolution of the 17th and 18th centuries? END
START what other reason did merton believe causes science to advance? END
START what religions were english scientists in the 17th century? END
START what values were thought to have a significant synergy? END
START what was the name of the doctrine that separated church and non-religious affairs? END
START when was the treatise that allowed a congregation to elect or remove a minister? END
START who added the election of laymen to church government? END
START who added synods to church government? END
START what were luther's followers advised to use when governing worldly affairs? END
START what political mixture did calvin prefer? END
START what is the term for checks and balances in a political system? END
START who paved the way for modern democracy to emerge? END
START who was allowed to teach a liberal bible interpretation? END
START what philosophers were given asylum? END
START whose democracies were created by protestants? END
START other than the u.s., to what colonies did the british export their democratic beliefs? END
START what democratic principles were followed by the plymouth colony? END
START what group believed that democracy was the will of god? END
START what other group in america practiced self-rule and separation of powers? END
START what group initiated the right to religious freedom? END
START where did luther refuse to change his beliefs? END
START what persecuted groups followed the separation of church and state? END
START who wrote about religious freedom in the early 17th century? END
START how many american protestants supported independence in america? END
START what group popularized early protestant teachings about separation of church and state? END
START what did john locke use as a basis for his political beliefs? END
START whose ideas influenced the declaration of independence? END
START what rights do the declaration of independence consider unalienable? END
START what scripture did locke use as a reference for equality? END
START when did prussia stop torture? END
START when did britain end slavery? END
START who were the first men to make large contributions to international law? END
START who founded the red cross? END
START what international law was henry dunant mostly responsible for? END
START who first introduced social insurance programs? END
START what did bismarck consider social insurance programs to be? END
START what social reform movements were protestants working toward in the nineteen century? END
START what country started programs that led to the welfare state? END
START what area copied bismarck's social programs the most? END
START what did john milton do for world literature? END
START samuel taylor is listed as enriching what? END
START what women writers were listed as contributors to world literature? END
START edgar allen poe added value to literature in what area? END
START the roman catholic church considers protestant denominations to be what? END
START what is lacking in protestant priesthood, according to the roman catholic church? END
START what does the roman catholic church say is not comparable to their sacraments and dogmas? END
START what other church shares the roman catholic view on protestant churches? END
START what is lacking in protestantism, according to the roman catholic church? END
START who were magisterial reformers? END
START what institution did martin luther believe he was reforming? END
START instead of a visible church, what did protestants believe there was? END
START when did the idea of a hidden church begin? END
START what church did the reformers claim had left them? END
START the reformed churches based their beliefs about ecclesiastical organization on what movement? END
START who supported the magisterial reformation? END
START what are the doctrines of the reformed churches called? END
START what ecumenical council did the reformed churches reject? END
START what type of character became central to religious unity in reformed churches? END
START what group has been unsuccessful in creating a unified church since 1948? END
START what conference was held in 1910? END
START what churches have been strongly engaged in the ecumenical movement? END
START what have orthodox churches condemned the perception of? END
START what types of churches have had rapidly declining memberships? END
START if done properly, what protestant practice does the catholic church recognize? END
START what is the only other sacrament of the protestants that the catholic church recognizes? END
START who can become ordained to the catholic priesthood after a period of study? END
START protestants who want full communion with the catholic church do not have to be what? END
START why does the catholic church not recognize the ordination of protestant ministers? END
START what document was signed in 1999? END
START who rejects the statement signed in 1999? END
START who adopted the joint declaration in 2006? END
START the joint declaration supposedly resolves the conflict which originally led to what movement? END
START what two groups originally signed the joint declaration? END
START how many protestants are there in the world? END
START what is the total population of christians in the world? END
START approximately how much of the world's population are protestant (in fractions)? END
START what area only had about 2 million protestants in 2010? END
START what area had the largest protestant population in 2010? END
START in what european areas is protestantism still the most practiced religion? END
START in 2012, what percentage of the eu was thought to be protestant? END
START in what countries is protestantism one of the most popular (but not the most popular) religions? END
START the pew research center estimated protestants to be what percentage of europe's christian population in 2010? END
START what area was once the site of a significant pre-reformation movement, but now only has a small number of protestants? END
START where has protestantism spread quickly since the 1900's? END
START when did much of the spread of protestantism occur in the 20th century? END
START what percentage of anglicans were in the uk in 1910? END
START in 2010, what percentage of anglicans were said to be in africa? END
START in 2010, what country had more protestants than both the uk and germany together? END
START what is brazil's capital? END
START what region of brazil is brasilia in? END
START what is brasilia's gdp per capita in us dollars? END
START what is the population of brasilia's metro area? END
START when was brasilia founded? END
START what portugese district is the capital of brazil? END
START where is brasilia's metro located? END
START when was brasilia founded to serve as the metro? END
START what is the population of brasilia's federal district? END
START what was the population of brasilia and its metro in 1960? END
START how many administrative regions does the federal district have? END
START what is brasilia's proper city population? END
START what does brasilia's metro area consist of? END
START which world cup did brasilia host? END
START which confederations cup did brasilia host? END
START what did brasilia host in 2011? END
START what unique status does the federal district have in brazil? END
START how many synedoche are in brazil? END
START what was the population of brazil in 2013? END
START what was brasil a main administrative division of in 2014? END
START when did kubitschek become president of brazil? END
START when did kubitschek leave office? END
START who ordered brasilia be built? END
START how many people competed to be brasilia's urban planner? END
START when was brasilia inaugurated? END
START during what time period was lucio costa president of brazil? END
START what did oscar niemeyer cause to be constructed in brazil? END
START how many people competed in a contest to help build the city in 1956? END
START when was brasilia's constitution made official? END
START what was lucio costa's plan to build brasilia called? END
START when did brazil pass a new constitution? END
START what rights did brasilia gain in 1988? END
START what is brasilia's district assembly called? END
START until 1988 who was the governor of the federal district appointed by? END
START what does the federal government not have? END
START what does the brazilian federal senate also serve besides the federal district? END
START what does the district assembly not have currently? END
START for now what kind of cases does the district assembly serve? END
START what climate type does brasilia have? END
START when is brasilia's rainy season? END
START when is brasilia's dry season? END
START what is the average maximum temperature in brasilia in september? END
START which month does brasilia have the highest rainfall? END
START how high is the rainfall in brasilia in september? END
START how low is the rainfall in brasilia in april? END
START what climate type does koppen have? END
START what are average temperatures like from may to september? END
START how much rain is there during the highest rainfall of the year in october? END
START what is brazil's official language? END
START what languages besides portuguese are taught in brasilia's schools? END
START how many international schools are in brasilia? END
START when will a new international school open in brasilia? END
START what nationality will the new international school in brasilia be? END
START where is english the primary language taught in brasilia? END
START how many private colleges are in brasilia? END
START in what year will the official curriculum start? END
START what school will the official curriculum be taught in? END
START what is the maple bear canadian school's official language? END
START who designed the cathedral of braslia? END
START what type of structure is the cathedral of braslia? END
START when was the cathedral of braslia dedicated? END
START how many identical columns are used in the cathedral of braslia? END
START how much do the cathedral of braslia's columns weigh? END
START when was the capital of the federative republic of brazil created? END
START who founded the capital of brazil? END
START how many parts of the capital were reaching up to heaven? END
START when was brasilia dedicated? END
START how much does the glass weigh? END
START what is in the planalto palace? END
START where does brazil's president live, in portuguese? END
START what does 'palcio da alvorada' mean? END
START who designed gardens for some of brasilia's major buildings? END
START what style of gardens did marx design? END
START what did planalto design? END
START what did planalto create his designs for? END
START what supports the modernest gardens? END
START where do you enter the presidential offices instead of a doorway? END
START where does roberto burle marx live? END
START what are 'superquadras' or superblocks? END
START where is there a peninsula with luxury homes? END
START what did the planners want to have around lake paranoa? END
START what took over lake paranoa's shores contrary to the plan? END
START what mostly-unplanned cities are around brasilia? END
START what type of private clubs were built by the brasilian government? END
START how are open spaces arranged in brasilia? END
START what is the definition of a nucleo? END
START what is located at the northern end of bandeirante? END
START what did the cuperquadras plan to build near the lake shore? END
START who complained that brasilia was monotonous? END
START what nationality was de beauvoir? END
START what was de beauvoir's career? END
START what is brasilia famous for? END
START what did the citizens complain after visiting brasilia? END
START what are superquadras famous for? END
START what have other observers compared forested areas to? END
START what is located on either side of the plazas? END
START how have the bookstores and cafes been improved? END
START what services are central to brasilia's economy? END
START what is brasilia's most important non-service industry? END
START how much of brasilia's gdp is from public administration? END
START how much of brasilia's gdp is from services? END
START how much of brasilia's gdp is from agribusiness? END
START what shows the city's status as an industrial center? END
START what public administration roles are important? END
START how is government divided according to percentage? END
START what other parts of finance are important? END
START what major roles of public administration and commerce show brasilia as governmental rather than industrial? END
START what is brasilia's gdp? END
START how much of brazil's gdp comes from brasilia? END
START what industries is brasilia trying to encourage? END
START what city is an important federal district? END
START where does the main economic activity of unesco come from? END
START what is the non-polluting industry registered by? END
START what does unesco encorage in brasilia? END
START what does the film industry put emphasis on in brasilia? END
START where did brasilia place hotels? END
START what kinds of hotels does brasilia have? END
START what kinds of restaurants does brasilia have? END
START what lake has some hotels around it? END
START what do hotel sectors cater to? END
START what did the design of hostels include? END
START where are restaurants and pensions placed in brasilia? END
START near what lake is the sector south located? END
START where are new restaurants being developed? END
START when was 'the world in grey' published? END
START who wrote 'the world in grey'? END
START whose prophecy is 'the world in grey' based on? END
START who is brasilia's patron saint? END
START what lake did don bosco predict? END
START what has ryan j. lucero been the focus of recently? END
START when was the promised land published? END
START what was the prophecy of ryan j. lucero? END
START who is  the patron saint of italy? END
START where was world in grey created? END
START what does 'praa dos trs poderes' mean? END
START what does the name 'praa dos trs poderes' come from? END
START what is brazil's supreme court called? END
START who designed the praa dos trs poderes? END
START what is brazil's congress called? END
START what is a court in the national congress? END
START what is a tourist attraction in lucio? END
START where does the name lucio costa come from? END
START who designed the supreme federal court? END
START what is the presidential office designed by lucio costa and oscar niemeyer called? END
START where does brazil's president live? END
START when did brasilia's presidential residence open? END
START what principles of architecture was the alvorada designed with? END
START how large is the alvorada? END
START how many floors does the alvorada have? END
START what is the area of the city of brasilia? END
START when was the president of brazil inaugurated? END
START how many floors are in the chapel? END
START what is the name of one of the first olympic-sized swimming pools built in the capital city? END
START what principles motivated the president of brazil? END
START how many floors does the planalto have? END
START how large is the planalto? END
START where are the president's offices? END
START who designed the planalto? END
START where are the vp's offices? END
START how many floors are in the palacio da alvoarada? END
START what is the area of the palacio de alvorada? END
START who also has offices in the alvorada? END
START what is the official workplace of oscar niemeyer? END
START what is used as a metonym for the chief of staff of government? END
START when did brasilia's airport add a second runway? END
START how many passengers came through brasilia's airport in 2007? END
START how many movie theaters are in brasilia's airport? END
START how many vendor spaces are in brasilia's airport? END
START how many parking spaces are there at brasilia's airport? END
START what did avianca build by following the airport master plan? END
START when did webjet add a second runway? END
START how many passengers did the airport handle in 2006? END
START how many vendor spaces does engevix have? END
START in 2007 by how much was the airport expanded to handle? END
START how many boarding bridges does brasilia's airport have? END
START when did the number of boarding bridges at brasilia's airport nearly double? END
START what company now runs brasilia's airport? END
START besides boarding bridges, what also doubled in 2014 at brasilia's airport? END
START what is brasilia's airport's annual passenger capacity after 2014's improvements? END
START how many boarding bridges did miami recieve in 2014? END
START what did the boarding bridges increase to in buenos aires in 2014? END
START what was transferred to paris after an auction? END
START what did the amount of passengers double to in 2014? END
START what company runs the vip room? END
START what is the jk bridge a nickname for? END
START what does the jk bridge cross? END
START who was the jk bridge named for? END
START who was de oliveira? END
START who designed the jk bridge? END
START what did juscelino kubitschek de oliveira design? END
START what was alexandre chan former president of? END
START what did mario vila verde win in 2003? END
START what does the mario vila verde bridge cross? END
START where was the gustav lindenthal conference located? END
START what is the rodoviria? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in ceilndia? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in taguatinga? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in the plano piloto? END
START what areas does brasilia's public transit avoid? END
START where does the metro go after leaving the satellite cities? END
START what do most residents of the rodoviaria depend on? END
START what tourist areas does the metro serve? END
START what areas served are more populated than the political areas? END
START according to the 2000 census, how  many people lived in guara? END
START where did brasilia's plan want interstate buses to stop? END
START what is the older interstate bus station called? END
START where is the older interstate bus station? END
START what mall is brasilia's newest bus station near? END
START what street is brasilia's newest bus station on? END
START in the original plan where should western end buses stop? END
START because of the location of the parkshopping mall, where do buses leave from today? END
START when was the rodoferroviaria opened? END
START where is the central station located that opened in july 2010? END
START what is only used to leave the eixo monumental? END
START what type of sports are popular in brasilia? END
START what air sports event did brasilia host in 2003? END
START what air sports event did brasilia host in 2005? END
START why is brasilia a good place for air sports? END
START what category of free flying did brasilia host in august 2005? END
START what is the name for paragliding in brasilia? END
START what does the city have to offer because of its categories of free flying? END
START what is thermal wind known as? END
START what is the name of a manoeuvre appreciated by hanggliding? END
START what type of country is greece? END
START what percentage of greece's economy is based on service? END
START how much of greece's economy is comprised of industrial sectors? END
START how much of the national economic output did the agricultural sector of greece contribute in 2015? END
START how many international tourists visited greece in 2013? END
START what type of continent is greece? END
START what percentage of greece's economy is taken from service? END
START how much of greece's debt is comprised of industrial sectors? END
START how much of the national economic output did the agricultural sector of greece eliminate in 2014? END
START how many international tourists were imprisoned in greece in 2013? END
START what is greece a significant producer of within the eu? END
START greece has the largest what in the balkans? END
START what was albania's largest foreign investor in 2013? END
START who is greece the most important trading partner to? END
START what greek telecommunications company has become a strong investor in former yugoslavia? END
START what is greece a significant consumer of outside the eu? END
START what is the smallest in the balkans for greece? END
START what was albania's smallest foreign investor in 2013? END
START who is greece the least important trading partner to? END
START what greek telecommunications company has become a weak investor in former yugoslavia? END
START what does the abbreviation oecd expand to? END
START what organization was greek a founding member? END
START what is greece's economy classified as? END
START when did greece join what is now the european union? END
START when did greece adopt the euro as its currency? END
START what does the abbreviation oecd shrink to? END
START what organization was greek a banned member? END
START what is greece's economy forbidden from? END
START when did greece leave what is now the european union? END
START when did greece remove the euro as its currency? END
START what years of economic growth was called greece's economic miracle? END
START from what year was greece's levels of gdp growth above the eurozone average? END
START what was the gdp growth rate of greece in 2013? END
START how much public debt did greece have in 2011? END
START what year did greece fall back into recession? END
START what years of economic growth were called greece's economic hell? END
START what year was greece's levels of gdp growth the same as the eurozone average? END
START what was the gdp reduction rate of greece in 2011? END
START how much public profit did greece have in 2011? END
START what year did greece become immune to recessions? END
START what transformed a large part of the world in the 19th century? END
START what does recent research from 2006 examine? END
START what was greece's gdp growth between 1833 and 1911 compared other western european nations? END
START what type of industrial activity was evident in greece in the period researched? END
START what did greece do in 1826, 1843, 1860 and 1894? END
START what paralyzed a large part of the world in the 18th century? END
START what does recent research from 2006 avoid? END
START what was greece's gdp decline between 1833 and 1911 compared with other western european nations? END
START what type of industrial activity was unknown in greece in the period researched? END
START what did greece avoid in 1826, 1843, 1860 and 1894? END
START how many years of consecutive growth had greece had? END
START when did greece go into recession? END
START what did the greek economy have the highest of at the end of 2009? END
START what percentage of gdp was the budget deficit of greece in 2009? END
START what type of crisis resulted from the budget deficit and rising debt levels of greece? END
START how many years of consecutive growth has greece lost? END
START when did greece reverse their recession? END
START what did the greek economy have the lowest of at the end of 2009? END
START what percentage of gdp was the budget surplus of greece in 2009? END
START what type of crisis was averted from the budget surplus and lowering debt levels of greece? END
START what was greece accused of covering up the extent of? END
START what prompted the allegation of greece's covering up its budget deficit?  END
START who voted in favor of an official investigation of the accusations? END
START when did the parliament vote in favor of an investigation? END
START what did a former member of the hellenic statistical authority say the deficit had been inflated to justify? END
START what was greece accused of being transparent about? END
START what silenced the allegation of greece's covering up its budget deficit? END
START who voted against an official investigation of the accusations? END
START when did the parliament vote in opposition of an investigation? END
START what did a former member of the hellenic statistical authority say the deficit had been decreased to justify? END
START what were the majority of the differences in the revised budget due to the temporary changing of? END
START when were expenses recorded by the new government? END
START what did retroactively applying the esa95 methodology result in raising the budget deficit to? END
START by how much did the budget deficit of greece exceed the 3% limit in the reference year of 1999? END
START what other european country were claims similar to those levied against greece made? END
START what had no differences in the revised budget? END
START when were expenses classified by the new government? END
START what did retroactively applying the esa95 methodology result in lowering the budget deficit to? END
START how much did the budget deficit of greece decrease the 3% limit in the reference year of 1994? END
START what other european country were claims similar to those levied against greece restricted? END
START who provided a report for greece in 2005? END
START what was the range of the impact of the new accounting rules on the greek fiscal figures for the years 1997 to 1999? END
START what was the year of greece's emu membership qualification? END
START what methodology was in force when greece submitted its membership qualification? END
START what did the greek minister of finance clarify the 1999 budget was below when calculated with the esa79 methodology? END
START who burned a report for greece in 2005? END
START what was the range of the impact of the new accounting rules on the greek fiscal figures for the years 1990 to 1979? END
START what was the year of greece's emu membership disqualification? END
START what methodology was not in force when greece submitted its membership qualification? END
START what did the greek minister of finance clarify the 1999 budget was above when calculated with the esa79 methodology? END
START what error is sometimes made by tying greece's eurozone entry with? END
START what banks did greece use derivatives' deals with? END
START what was the result of the deals with the u.s. banks? END
START how many euros was greece able to "hide" because of an arrangement with goldman sachs? END
START why aren't the deficit values affected by the currency swap with goldman sachs relevant to greece's eurozone entry? END
START what error is never made? END
START what banks did greece lose derivatives' deals with? END
START what was the result of the rejection with the u.s. banks? END
START why are the deficit values affected by the currency swap with goldman sachs relevant to greece's eurozone entry? END
START how many euros was greece able to give away because of an arrangement with goldman sachs? END
START what were credits given to european governments disguised as? END
START why weren't swaps registered as debts by eurostat at the time? END
START what rules did a german derivatives dealer say could be quite legally circumvented through swaps? END
START what was again revised in may of 2010? END
START what was greece's public debt forecast to hit as high of a percentage of gdp of in 2010? END
START what were credits taken from european governments disguised as? END
START why were swaps registered as debts by eurostat at the time? END
START what rules did a german derivatives dealer say could never be quite legally circumvented through swaps? END
START what was left unchanged in may of 2010? END
START what was greece's public debt forecast to hit as low of a percentage of gdp of in 2000? END
START what did the international banks have doubts about greece's ability to repay? END
START what was a consequence of the doubt that greece could pay it's debts? END
START how much money did the imf and other eurozone countries agree to give greece in 2010? END
START what was the total amount of the rescue package given to greece? END
START what organizations are keeping a watchful eye on how greece is implementing austerity measures? END
START what did the international banks have no doubts about greece's ability to repay? END
START what was avoided by the doubt that greece could pay it's debts? END
START how much money did the imf and other eurozone countries agree to steal from greece in 2010? END
START what was the total amount of the rescue package taken from greece? END
START what organizations are ignoring how greece is implementing austerity measures? END
START what did greece have the highest percentage increase in between 2005 and 2011? END
START what was the increase of greece's industrial output between 2005 and 2011? END
START what did the industrial production in greece fall by due to the financial crisis? END
START what is greece ranked in the eu in the production of marble? END
START how many tons of marble does greece produce? END
START what did greece have the lowest percentage increase in between 2005 and 2011? END
START what was the decrease of greece's industrial output between 2005 and 2011? END
START what did the industrial production in greece increase by due to the financial crisis? END
START what is greece ranked in the us in the production of marble? END
START how many tons of marble does greece destroy? END
START what does greece have the largest of in the world? END
START greece's navy accounts for more than what percentage of the world's total deadweight tonnage? END
START what is the greek merchant navy's total dwt? END
START what percentage of the entire eu's dwt does greece alone represent? END
START how many ships did greece's navy have in the late 1970s? END
START what does greece have the smallest of in the world? END
START how many ships did greece's navy lose in the late 1970s? END
START what percentage of the entire eu's dwt does greece alone avoid? END
START what is the greek merchant navy's incorrect dwt? END
START what percentage of greece's navy accounts for less than the world's total deadweight tonnage? END
START how many of the world's tankers do greek companies own? END
START what percentage of the world's bulk carriers are greece's? END
START what percentage of greece's gdp does shipping account for? END
START what did earnings from greece's shipping amount to in 2011? END
START how many greek shipping companies were in operation in 2011? END
START how many of the world's tankers do greek companies punish? END
START what percentage of the eu bulk carriers are not greece's? END
START what percentage of greece's gdp does shipping not account for? END
START what did earnings from greece's shipping amount to a loss of in 2011? END
START how many greek shipping companies were closed in 2011? END
START when counting shipping as quasi-exports and in terms of monetary value, what is greece's global rank? END
START what was the worth greece's shipping services in 2011? END
START what three countries were ahead of greece in 2011 with exports? END
START what was the shipping services imported by greece in 2011 worth? END
START what was greece's 2011 trade surplus? END
START when counting shipping as quasi-exports and in terms of monetary value, what is greece's local rank? END
START what was the worth greece's shipping services lost in 2011? END
START what seven countries were ahead of greece in 2011 with exports? END
START what was greece's 2011 trade deficit? END
START who ran the phones in greece between 1949 and the 1980s? END
START what was the hellenic telecommunications organization better known by the acronym of? END
START when did the liberalization of the telephone communications in greece happen? END
START what company has a 40% stake in ote? END
START how many shares of ote does the greek state own? END
START who removed the phones in greece between 1949 and the 1980s? END
START what was the hellenic telecommunications organization not known as well by the acronym of? END
START when did the liberalization of the telephone communications in greece become impossible? END
START what company lost a 40% stake in ote? END
START how many shares of ote does the greek state sell? END
START what does greece lag behind other eu countries in terms of use? END
START how much did the percentage of households with access to the internet increase between 2006 and 2013? END
START what has the been a massive increase in the number of households with in greece? END
START who has the eu's third highest percentage of people who've never used the internet? END
START what percentage of people in greece had never used the internet as of 2013? END
START what does greece do more than other eu countries in terms of use? END
START how much did the percentage of households with access to the internet decrease between 2003 and 2013? END
START what has the been a massive deterrent in the number of households within greece? END
START who has the eu's third smallest percentage of people who've never used the internet? END
START what percentage of people in greece have never stopped using the internet as of 2013? END
START how many millions of tourists does greece attract each year? END
START what part of greece's gdp is accounted for by tourism? END
START what did the 2008 oecd report show the average tourist expenditure while in greece was? END
START how many jobs in 2008 in greece were somehow related to the tourism industry? END
START how many tourists did greece welcome in 2009? END
START how many millions of tourists does greece ban each year? END
START what part of greece's gdp is unaccounted for by tourism? END
START how many jobs in 2008 in greece were not related to the tourism industry? END
START how many tourists did greece refuse in 2009? END
START what have a number of tourism-related organizations placed greek destinations at the top of? END
START what greek city was rated the world's fifth best ultimate party town by 2009's lonely planet? END
START what distinction does the city of thessaloniki have in regards to size in greece? END
START what did travel+leisure vote the island of santorini as in 2011? END
START what island was ranked as the 5th best in europe? END
START what have a number of tourism-related organizations placed greek destinations at the bottom of? END
START what greek city was rated the world's worst ultimate party town by 2008's lonely planet? END
START what distinction does the city of thessaloniki not have in regards to size in greece? END
START what did travel+leisure vote the island of santorini as in 2005? END
START what island was ranked as the most dangerous in europe? END
START what was olympic airways known as after 2003? END
START what was olympic airlines relaunched as in 2009? END
START what airlines was award the "best regional airline in europe" award by skytrax? END
START what does olympic air hold a silver era award for? END
START what year did olympic air receive an award as top domestic airline? END
START what was olympic airways known as before 2003? END
START what was olympic airlines relaunched as in 2012? END
START what airlines was awarded the "worst regional airline in europe" award by skytrax? END
START what does olympic air hold a bronze era award for? END
START what year did olympic air lose an award as top domestic airline? END
START how long is greek's rail network estimated to run? END
START who runs the rail transport in greece? END
START who is trainose a subsidiary of? END
START what gauge is most of greece's railway? END
START how many kilometers of greece's railway is electrified? END
START how long is greek's rail network estimated to be damaged? END
START who closed the rail transport in greece? END
START who is trainose an owner of? END
START what gauge is none of greece's railway? END
START how many kilometers of greece's railway is gold? END
START what was greece's largest port as measured by good transported in 2010? END
START how many million of tons went through aghioi theodoroi in 2010? END
START how many million tons of goods did port eleusis transport in 2010? END
START how many tons of goods were transported through greece in 2007? END
START what was the port of piraeus declared to be in 2013? END
START what was greece's smallest port as measured by good transported in 2010? END
START how many million of feathers went through aghioi theodoroi in 2010? END
START how many million tons of goods did port eleusis steal in 2010? END
START how many tons of goods were lost in transport through greece in 2007? END
START what was the port of piraeus declared to be in 2011? END
START how many teus did piraeus handle in 2010? END
START what amount of teus did thessaloniki handle in 2010? END
START how many million of people passed through greece's ports in 2010? END
START what record amount of teus did piraeus handle in 2013? END
START what organization owns pier ii in piraeus?  END
START how many teus did piraeus remove in 2010? END
START what amount of teus did thessaloniki destroy in 2010? END
START how many millions of people couldn't pass through greece's ports in 2010? END
START what record amount of teus did piraeus lose in 2013? END
START what organization is owned by pier ii in piraeus? END
START who dominates energy production in greece? END
START how much of all of greece's energy demand was supplied by dei in 2009? END
START what is almost half of dei's power output generated by the use of? END
START how much of dei's energy output is from natural gas? END
START what percentage did independent companies' energy production increase between 2009 and 2010? END
START who has no energy production in greece? END
START how much of all of greece's energy demand was removed by dei in 2005? END
START what is almost a quarter of dei's power output generated by the use of? END
START how much of dei's energy output is lost from natural gas? END
START what percentage did independent companies' energy production decrease between 2007 and 2010? END
START how much of greece's energy consumption came from renewable sources in 2008? END
START what was eu average amount of energy from renewable sources in 2008? END
START where does most of greece's renewable energy come from? END
START how much of greece's energy is targeted to be from renewable sources by 2020? END
START who suggested research into the possibility of a greek nuclear power plant should begin? END
START how much of greece's energy consumption was eliminated from renewable sources in 2008? END
START what was eu's lowest amount of energy from renewable sources in 2008? END
START how is most of greece's renewable energy ruined? END
START how much of greece's energy is targeted to be reduced from renewable sources by 2020? END
START who suggested research into the possibility of a greek nuclear power plant should end? END
START what is greece set to start exploring the ionian sea for? END
START what countries have expressed interest in greece's oil and gas exploration? END
START when were the first results of the energy explorations expected? END
START when did the deutsche bank publish a report on the findings of the value of the reserves south of crete? END
START what did the deutsche bank estimate the value of the reserves to be at? END
START what is greece going to stop exploring the ionian sea for? END
START what countries have expressed no interest in greece's oil and gas exploration? END
START when were the last results of the energy explorations expected? END
START when did the deutsche bank destroy a report on the findings of the value of the reserves south of crete? END
START what did the deutsche bank estimate the value of the reserves to become in years ahead? END
START what was the currency of greece until 2002? END
START what did greece sign to apply to join the eurozone? END
START how many convergence criteria were there in the treaty? END
START when did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro take place? END
START when did the ten-year period for eligible exchange of the drachma to euro end? END
START what was the banned currency of greece until 2002? END
START what did greece sign to apply to leave the eurozone? END
START how many convergence criteria were ignored in the treaty? END
START when did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro become illegal? END
START when did the twenty-year period for eligible exchange of the drachma to euro end? END
START what did imf forecast greece's unemployment rate to be in 2012? END
START what was greece's unemployment rate between in 2009? END
START what did greece's unemployment rate soar to in 2013? END
START what was greece's jobless rate in 2015? END
START what is thought to have eroded greece's potential output? END
START what did imf forecast greece's employment rate to be in 2010? END
START what was greece's employment rate between 2000 and 2009? END
START what did greece's unemployment rate crash to in 2013? END
START what is thought to have helped greece's potential output? END
START does speaker of the house participate in dbate? END
START are snate majority leaders more influential than speaker of the house?? END
START who did newt gingrich delegate much authority to? END
START who was speaker of the house when tom delay was majority leader? END
START how much authority did tom delay delegate to dick armey? END
START what did tom delay give dick armey the authority over on the house floor? END
START what does the senate majority leader not do typically? END
START who was dennis hastert more prominent than? END
START what are the majority leader's duties in westminster? END
START who takes over as speaker if the minority party gains control of the house? END
START what meetings do minority and majority leaders usually meet to discuss? END
START who is he current minority leader? END
START if minority party takes control of congress, who is usually in link to become majority leader? END
START who is the current majority leader? END
START who is the majority leader leader of in the house? END
START who does the minority whip usually meet with? END
START what does the minority whip meet with the majority leader and speaker to discuss? END
START when is the minority whip on the ballot? END
START are minority leaders usually experienced? END
START in what congress did nancy pelosi bdcome minority leader? END
START how long had richard gephart served in house prior to being elected to minority leader? END
START when was robert michel elected minority leader? END
START john rhodes served as minority leader beginning in what year? END
START how long had nancy pelosi served as chairman of the democratic caucus? END
START what office did nanci pelosi run for in 1988? END
START how long had pelosi served as majority leader? END
START what position did robert michel have in the 104th congress? END
START in what year did richard gephardt become gop leader? END
START what republican majority leader died in a plane crash? END
START since 1995 who is the only majority leader to become speaker? END
START who succeeded newt gingrich as speaker? END
START between majority leader and speaker what roles did boehner have? END
START how did newt gingrich die in 2006? END
START from 1931-1995 what did the republicans control? END
START from 1959-1965 what did john boehner become? END
START since 2007 who was the only majority whip to become speaker? END
START what did dick armey serve as from 2007-2011? END
START who is the leader of the majority leader in house? END
START what is the title of seconde in command for majority party in congress? END
START who overshadowed house speaker dennis hastert? END
START who is the leader of the minority party in the house? END
START what did tom delay succeed boehner as in 2010? END
START when did the democrats gain a majority in the house? END
START after the 2010 elections, what were tom delay and dennis hastert considered? END
START why were delay and hastert considered second-ranking in the house in 2010? END
START when did the minority leader overshadow boehner? END
START does the minority or majority party have more leadership positions in house? END
START what role did pelosi win in 112th congress? END
START what party lost control of house in 2010 elections? END
START what did the minority whip successfully run for in the 112th congress? END
START how many leadership positions does the speaker have when losing the minority whip's chair? END
START in what year did the republicans lose control of the house? END
START why was pelosi seeking the minority whip position? END
START when the speaker has one less leadership position after losing the minority whips' chair what happens for the remaining positions? END
START what rule gives minority leader right to offer motion to recommit with instructions? END
START who may place legislation on a corrections calendar? END
START minority leader may appoint individuals to what government roles? END
START what other institutional duties does the inspector general have? END
START what does rule xii, clause 6 grant the inspector general? END
START who are able to appoint individuals to the house according to rule ii, clause 6? END
START who does the inspector general have to consult with according to rule xv, clause 6? END
START what can the inspector general do after consulting with the minority leader? END
START are minority leadership roles specified closely? END
START what congressman largely specified the job description of minority leader? END
START what despcription was assigned to minority leader in part? END
START what defines a large part of minority leader role? END
START how defined are the roles of majority leader? END
START what is used to define what the function of majority leader is? END
START what kind of tactics were usually used by the majority leader from 1931-1939? END
START what are some of the duties of a majority leader? END
START what is majority leader supposed to defend for the majority? END
START when was the minority leader position created?  END
START why was minority leader position created? END
START who is sometimes considered the first funcioning "minority leader?" END
START who was treasury secretary at time of first congress? END
START from what time do scholars like to study the affairs of congress? END
START what state was alexander hamilton originally from? END
START what system was created by alexander hamilton? END
START how long did alexander hamilton serve as treasury secretary? END
START what did alexander hamilton function as to oppose james madison? END
START in the early days who represented party leadership? END
START in early 19th century, what were 2 common parties? END
START what would be the purpose of organizing non majority members of  the house? END
START what did the democratic-republicans have in 1828? END
START how many members of congress were there in 1828? END
START who offered their view on lack of democrat-republican leadership in 1813? END
START in what year did capitol hill get its name? END
START what did the democratic-republicans need in 1828? END
START what made identifying house leadership difficult? END
START how many candidates was typical in early fields for speaker? END
START from 1861 to 1875 how many times was dmocratic minority speaker not nominated? END
START what atmosphere was most prevalent in congress from 1834 through 1859? END
START what did the democratic minority make more difficult in 1834? END
START what did democrats assume the role of in 1855? END
START what were democrats not automatically looked to for in 1834? END
START how many candidates were there from 1861-1875 for speaker? END
START who's contention is it that the minority party candidate is clearly minority leader since 1883? END
START why was keifer discredited/empty leader? END
START although keifer held minority leader role, who was actual gloof leader? END
START why was randall ripley discredited as speaker in 1883? END
START what nomination did ripley receive? END
START who was ripley deserted by? END
START what happened to ripley's career becaue of this desertion? END
START who assumed the role as speaker after randall ripley? END
START prior to 1883 there is evidence that serious caucus fights occured in what years? END
START what prominent ex-speaker was nominated for minority role in 1875? END
START what former appropriations chairman was nominated for minority leader in 1876,77,79? END
START in what year do democrats contend that the speaker position began? END
START what were the republicans fighting for in 1877 and 1879? END
START what did the republican fight for minority speakership indicate? END
START during what three years was keifer nominated by democrats? END
START what did democrats nominate james a. garfield for in 1875? END
START is there a consensus about the time that minority leadership officially emerged as a position? END
START what party characteristics emerged in the house in late 19th century? END
START what were these conditions effective for in the house? END
START what do some voters not always agree with? END
START when was house leadership structure first established? END
START what does the publc not agree about when congress was formed? END
START what did professional organizations help establish for society? END
START at what level was the public voting in the latter part of the 19th century? END
START which party has always elevated minority floor leaders to speakership? END
START why were republicans upset with mann? END
START what year did republicans regain control while rober michel was minority leader? END
START what have republicans always elevated their minority floor leader to when obtaining majority status? END
START what pattern have democrats not always followed? END
START who did democrats elect to be speaker in 1903? END
START how many demcorats were angry with james r. mann in 1911? END
START who was frederick gillett a protege of? END
START what is the leadership structure when party controls house and presidency? END
START is the senate or the house more partisan? END
START what minority leaders have played prominenct roles to opposing incumbent president? END
START what minority leader has run for president? END
START what was gerald ford most interested in talking about when campaigning? END
START what office did nancy pelosi at one time consider running for? END
START what role does the incumbent president have when congress is dominated by more than one party? END
START why would the president be seen as leader of the opposition? END
START what influences role of minority leader? END
START obligations for minority leader are stated in what document? END
START how is the minority leader able to accomplish addition demands and tasks? END
START what are some things the style and role of the white house is influenced by? END
START what obligations are associated with the white house? END
START what kind of staff are provided to work at the white house? END
START what is the role of staff at the white house? END
START what are placed on the instutional role of the white house? END
START how many private calendar objector members does minority leader appoint? END
START what 2 commissions is the minority leader a member of? END
START who does minority leader have informal ties with for scheduling house matters? END
START how many institutional functions does the house office building commission have? END
START where can the house office building commission appoint individuals to? END
START how many members can the house office building commission name to serve as private calendar objectors? END
START what other group is overseen by the house office building commission? END
START what is the house office building commission able to convene? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what committee does minority leader chair? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what committee does minority leader head? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what campaign membership do they have? END
START according to democratic rules of the 106th congress what leadership members do they appoint? END
START what kind of responsibilities does the policy committee have? END
START who can the policy committee call the meetings of? END
START what committee does the policy committee oversee? END
START to what council does the policy committee name members to? END
START where can the policy committee nominate party members to? END
START who plays an influential role in the formation of party policy? END
START in what role are the floor leader's instrumental for legislation? END
START how are floor leaders kept informed of legislative status? END
START what does the whip organization play a role in forming in conjunction with party leaders? END
START what programs are resisted by the whip organization? END
START what does the whip organization devise and implement for the party? END
START what is the whip organization kept constantly informed about? END
START what committees does the whip organization oversee? END
START how much concern do minority leaders have for campaigning? END
START who establishes leadership pacs? END
START outside of washington how much involvement do minority leaders have in campaigns? END
START what kind of campaigner is the dccc? END
START who does the dccc campaign for? END
START how much does the dccc focus on campaigning? END
START what kind of candidates are recruited by the dccc? END
START why does the dccc establish leadership pac's? END
START does minority leader act solely to advance party objectives? END
START does minority leader always employ same strategy for party objectives? END
START does dissension and cohesion of majority party factor into minority strategy? END
START what did majority parties use to advance bills in the 1900's? END
START what is usually strongly holding the progressives together? END
START in what year did democrats have a majority? END
START what did progressives cohesion in 1900 provide for the majority party? END
START what works better for a majority leader than republicans being in disarray? END
START what is the purpose of obstruction? END
START how can obstruction be employed? END
START is it safe to employ negative strategy? END
START what may be a risk negative tactic? END
START who's attention is attracted when the public forms a negative campaign? END
START what does the majority party do that makes the public want to respond with a negative campaign? END
START what was gephardt dilatory accused of being a part of? END
START what is forming policy alternatives also considered to be by the press? END
START what is the public able to do on its own against policies that aren't popular? END
START what important aim of minority leader pertaining to elections? END
START how can a minority leader attempt to set some agenda for house? END
START how many signatures are required on a discharge pertition? END
START what non party affiliated voters are critical for party to attract in elections? END
START how many republicans are affiliated with the gop? END
START what agenda has been changed at least 218 times? END
START why do independents and swing voters usually register to vote? END
START where do independents and swing voters hope more votes will come from to their party? END
START what tactic can swing voters use to get minority priorities voted on? END
START how do minority leaders keep party priorities publicized? END
START what items are discussed at party retreats? END
START how do minority leaders gauge party preferences? END
START what can the public send for use at town meetings? END
START what does the public organize to talk about health care and education? END
START where does the public usually organize town meetings? END
START why would the public want to create surveys to gauge public party opinion? END
START what kind of teams are created by the public to make sure they discuss topics of interest at town meetings? END
START with whom does minority leader consult and participate in news conference? END
START what is the overall party strategy for minority leader? END
START what speaking obligations does minority leader have? END
START what are the purpose of minority leader writings? END
START what kind of news conferences are held by the white house? END
START who does the white house consult with? END
START what is one of the white house's main objectives? END
START what kind of front does the white house need to show on issues? END
START where does the president deliver addresses in diverse forums? END
START how often does minority leader speak with president when party controls white house? END
START what was robert michel's role as minority leader? END
START is the minority leader's strategic role always consitent? END
START when did gephardt serve as minority leader? END
START what did gephardt function as for republican presidents? END
START what group was gephardt successful in wooing that helped regan with many policy successes? END
START in what year did clinton have many policy successes? END
START what bill did robert michel help help gain support for when under president clinton in 1981? END
START what is the difference in role for minority leader when majority party holds white house? END
START what was gerald ford's role as minority leader under johnson administration? END
START what did ford's alternatives provide for republican's? END
START during what administration was gerald ford president? END
START what alternatives did lyndon johnson propose? END
START what did johnson want to provide for republicans as minority leader? END
START what does the president usually act as spokesperson for? END
START what role does the executive branch assume when the house is controlled by the republicans? END
START what options do minority party have in amendment phase? END
START if minority party loses committ of the whole, then what motion may be filed? END
START if recommit fails, then what choice needs to be made by minority representatives? END
START how many amendments are usually passed in the committee of the whole per year? END
START how many amendments usually come up for a vote each year? END
START what committee was created by johnson? END
START what did johnson usually lay out in a general debate for the republicans? END
START when the president loses in committee of the whole, then what can he file? END
START what is a good technique to foster party harmony? END
START what colleagues are best to work with to reach a consensus? END
START what does the creation of leadership positions allow for? END
START what public need motivates the president before he has daily meetings? END
START what group is the president responsible for the creation of when elected? END
START what positions did task forces want to lay out floor strategy for the creation of? END
START what did task forces for the public want to foster in the minority party? END
START what did colleagues with conflicing views lay out for task forces? END
START who is the chief vote counter for party? END
START who holds the highest appointed republican position in house? END
START who is the leader of chief deputy whips in democratic conference? END
START how long has democratic leader of whips held position? END
START what is the house republican conference responsible for being? END
START who is the current senior chief deputy whip in the republican conference? END
START who is the senior chief deputy whip the assistant to? END
START how many chief deputy whips are in the house republican conference? END
START since what year has republican patrick mchenry held his position? END
START where do armenians mostly live besides armenia? END
START how many armenians live outside armenia and the republic within it? END
START where do most emigrant armenians live? END
START why did many armenians leave armenia? END
START where to russians live besides armenia? END
START how many people of ukranian ancestry live in russia? END
START why did many armenians leave iran? END
START where have people from the nagorno-karabakh republic immigrated to? END
START of what ancestry are people who have emigrated outside of the us? END
START how long ago has the term 'armenia' been used? END
START what is the earliest known use of 'armenians'? END
START who wrote the earliest known use of 'armenians'? END
START who described armenian life in 401 bc? END
START what did xenophon say armenian language sounded like? END
START how long has the term xenophon been used? END
START who was first to use the term xenophon? END
START what did hecateus of miletus refer to in his trillingual behistun inscription in 517 bc? END
START when does darius i of persia talk about armenian village life and hospitality? END
START what did hecateus of miletus believe the people's language sounded like? END
START what mountain does armenia surround? END
START what era was the hittite empire in? END
START when did the hayasa-azzi rule? END
START when did the arme-shupria rule? END
START when did the nairi rule? END
START what did the hittite empire reach under ashurbanipal? END
START what area is in the highlands surrounding the kingdom of urartu? END
START what mountain is hayasa-azzi located near? END
START what did the hittite empire from 860-590 bc gain soverignty over? END
START under who's rule did the mittani reach the caucasus mountains? END
START what languages does hamp say are similar to armenian? END
START what subgroup does hamp put the armenian language in? END
START where does hamp say the pontic indo-european languages originate? END
START what languages does caucasus think are similar to batumi? END
START into what language subgroup is batumi categorized? END
START where do batumi languages originate? END
START where is it thought the batumi migrated? END
START in what year did caucasus develop his indo-eurpoean family tree? END
START when was armenia established? END
START what famous inscription mentioned armenia? END
START during which dynasty was armenia established? END
START when was armenia at its largest? END
START in what year was caucasus established? END
START within what empire was caucasus created? END
START under what dynasty was caucasus established? END
START what happened during the reign of hecataeus of miletus? END
START what inscription mentioned caucasus? END
START what was the first country to make christianity its official religion? END
START what religion was armenian paganism influenced by? END
START when did armenia make christianity its official religion? END
START why did armenia make christianity its official religion? END
START who invented the armenian alphabet? END
START what did the arsacid kingdom invent in 405 ad? END
START what was a branch of mesrop mashtots? END
START what was the first country to officially acopt sassanids as its religion? END
START what religion formerly existed in the greco-roman empire in 405 ad? END
START when did the greco-roman empire officially adopt christianity as its religion? END
START when did armenia become a sovereign kingdom? END
START under which ruler did armenia become a sovereign kingdom? END
START what dynasty was ashot i part of? END
START who invaded armenia in 1064? END
START what turkic federations ruled armenia? END
START what did the seljuk turks invade in 885 ad? END
START what group fled the invasion of the mamluk in 885 ad? END
START what are some groups that ruled over the mamluk over the centuries? END
START what ties did djengis khan develop with crusader states? END
START what group eventually succumbed to anatolian invasions? END
START when did the russo-persian war begin? END
START when did the russo-persian war end? END
START what treaty ended the russo-persian war? END
START when did parts of armenia under iranian control become part of russia? END
START when was the peace of amasya? END
START what came under russian rule in the early 16th century? END
START why did western and eastern armenia come under russian rule in the early 16th century? END
START in what year did the safavid-qajar war begin? END
START what year did the safavid-qajar war end? END
START what war did russia lose in the late 1820's? END
START who says they didn't kill armenians as genocide, just because they were 'in the way of the war'? END
START what has happened when other countries condemned armenian genocide? END
START who ruled turkey when the armenian genocide happened? END
START what has the government of armenia consistently rejected? END
START what do foreign countries argue that justifies the killings of the people of turkey? END
START what does talking about the ottoman empire provoke? END
START how do foreign countries categorize citizens of turkey who died? END
START what does turkey want to pass to condemn the ottoman genocide? END
START what was armenia's status from 1918 to 1920? END
START when did communists take over armenia? END
START who invaded armenia in 1920? END
START what part of the ussr did armenia join? END
START when did armenia leave the ussr? END
START when was the red army part of an independent republic after the russian empire breakup? END
START who invaded russia in 1920? END
START when did russia become independent from the ussr? END
START when did the russian empire come to power and invade the transcaucasian sfsr? END
START what part of the red army did the communists join in 1991? END
START how long have armenians lived in the highlands? END
START who founded the first armenian nation? END
START who did hayk defeat? END
START how many native armenians are in armenia today? END
START what does hayastantsis mean? END
START how long have russians lived in the armenian highland? END
START who founded the first iranian nation? END
START who did hayk lead the russians to victory over? END
START what is the population of iran today? END
START what does the name hayk mean? END
START what is the armenian quarter? END
START how many people live in the armenian monastery in or near italy? END
START when was the italian armenian monastery founded? END
START what religion is the italian armenian monastery? END
START where is the italian armenian monastery? END
START how long have catholic communities existed outside austria? END
START what is the italian quarter? END
START when was venice, italy founded? END
START where is the hungarian monastery? END
START how many people live in the austrian monastery near jerusalem? END
START what are parskahay? END
START what are lipananahay? END
START what dialect do most diaspora armenians speak? END
START how similar is western armenian to eastern armenian dialect? END
START what type of armenian is spoken by armenians in iran and russia? END
START what can speakers of the variations of parskahay do? END
START in what province do canadians have a majority? END
START what do groups of russians do when they live in the us? END
START how are russians from iran classified? END
START how are russians from lebanon referred to? END
START when did armenia's church become independent? END
START what is armenia's church called? END
START what type of catholicism is armenia's church part of? END
START where was the armenian catholicosate located at first? END
START where did the armenian catholicosate move to? END
START when did the echmiadzin church gain independence? END
START why did the echmiadzin church become independent? END
START what church is part of the eastern orthodox communion? END
START what did the council of chalcedon depend on the church to do? END
START where did echmiadzin move to because it was safer? END
START what religion is dominant in the countries surrounding armenia? END
START what are hamshenis? END
START who became catholicos in etchmiadzin in 1441? END
START who remained catholicos of cilicia? END
START how do the two catholicosates compare? END
START what did the armenian muslims have close ties to? END
START what other religion has been surrounded by a christian majority? END
START how do muslims in armenia view hamshenis? END
START how long have christians been involved in eurpean crusader states? END
START since the existence of eurppean crusaider states, what has there been in the hamshenis church? END
START which armenian church recognizes the pope? END
START what broke away from the armenian apostolic church? END
START what broke away from the armenian evangelical church? END
START which armenian church is the most popular in armenia? END
START who does the armenian evangelical church recognize? END
START how was the armenian catholic church formed? END
START what does the armenian evangelical church follow? END
START what is the most popular protestant church to christians? END
START what church did the armenian apostolic church break away from? END
START who came up with the armenian alphabet? END
START when did armenian writing begin? END
START who was the 'father of armenian history'? END
START who wrote 'the history of armenia'? END
START which european movement were the revivalist authors similar to? END
START when did gevork emin invent the armenian alphabet? END
START when did european writing begin? END
START what other name was given to paruyr sevak? END
START what work was written by silva kaputikyan? END
START what was zartonki sherchan interested in openly discussing? END
START when were early armenian christian churches built? END
START in which century did armenia become christian? END
START what radiating style are some armenian churches built with? END
START when were armenian churches built with center cupola cones? END
START when were armenian churches built with niched buttresses? END
START when were the first arab structures built? END
START what style of architecture so some arab structures use? END
START what had formed when hrip'sime became christian? END
START what had become widely used in early churches? END
START what did some churches sometimes have in the fifth century? END
START who invaded armenia in the 11th century? END
START what armenian monasteries were built in the 11th century? END
START when was there an armenian architecture revival? END
START what dynasty ruled armenia in the 10th century? END
START what was ornately carved in the 9th-11th centuries? END
START who was khachkar invaded by in the 11th century? END
START where was a new monastery built after the seljuk invasion? END
START what cathedral was completed during the khachkar dynasty? END
START what two major monasteries were built during the khachkar dynasty? END
START what building style was used in the area of haritchavank? END
START when did armenia begin winning olympic medals? END
START where were the 1952 olympics held? END
START which armenian football team was the most successful? END
START what pro team has fc ararat beaten? END
START who won armenia's first olympic medal? END
START when did fc bayern munich first win olympic medals? END
START where were the 1970 olympics located? END
START who was the first person from munich to win medals in the olympics? END
START what medals did yerevan's fc ararat win in the 1952 olympics? END
START who did hrant shahinyan beat in the euro cup? END
START what kind of music does sayat nova play? END
START what instruments are used in armenian folk music? END
START what kind of armenian religious music is prevalent? END
START what did mashtots do besides composing religious chants? END
START what was aram khatchaturian's career? END
START what did saint sabre invent? END
START what instruments is aram khatchaturian famous for playing? END
START what did sayat nova create the sabre dance for? END
START what did sayat nova create besides the armenian alphabet? END
START under who's rule did mesrop mashots become famous internationally? END
START what type of music is richard hagopian famous for? END
START what instruments does 'kef' use? END
START what type of music does sirusho perform? END
START what nationality is charles aznavour? END
START what us heavy metal band is comprised of armenians? END
START what two pop artists became famous in turkey the 40's and 50's? END
START what event was caused by french influence that led to widespread armenian emigration? END
START what dance style was popular after people of turkey emigrated to the us? END
START who is the most popular member of system of a down? END
START what famous opera singers used the kef style? END
START what job do many armenian women traditionally do? END
START when is the earliest known armenian carpet from? END
START where is the earliest known armenian carpet from? END
START what is 'gorg'? END
START where is the earliest known use of 'gorg'? END
START what is the armenian word for weaving? END
START when was the first time the word for weaving was used? END
START what is the traditional profession of kaptavians? END
START when was the earliest medieval church founded? END
START where is the earliest medieval church from? END
START what is hakobyan's career? END
START what creatures are often depicted on armenian carpets? END
START what are artsvagorgs? END
START what are vishapagorgs? END
START what are otsagorgs? END
START what is artsakh's profession? END
START what two motifs were usually found in kaptavian inscriptions? END
START what are the hravard inscriptions composed of? END
START what are the hravard inscriptions similar to? END
START what are manuscripts separated into depending on the animals on them? END
START what is khorovats? END
START what is lavash? END
START what is paklava? END
START what is a kabob? END
START what is ghapama? END
START what is the favorite fruit that is part of armenian-style barbecue? END
START how long have cornelian cherries been grown in armenia? END
START what reputation do cornelian cherries have? END
START what is a dish called that uses fruits, grapes and figs? END
START what is a popular grape leaf in armenia? END
START what are the jehovah witnesses? END
START what are the beliefs of jehovah witnesses distinct from? END
START how many adherents worldwide does the group claim? END
START who is in charges of directing the jehovah witnesses? END
START where are the group elders located? END
START how many jehovah witnesses adherents live in the united states? END
START where was jehovah witnesses founded? END
START how many jehovah witnesses are involved in evangelism in the united states? END
START where do jehovah witnesses believe armageddon will get its start? END
START what are jehovah witnesses best known for? END
START what do jehovah witnesses refuse? END
START what do jehovah witnesses consider the name jehovah vital for? END
START why do jehovah witnesses reject inherent immortality of the soul, hellfire and trinitarianism? END
START why don't jehovah witnesses celebrate the usual holidays and customs? END
START what  in one of the christian religions that observes christmas? END
START what is one of the christian religions that celebrates easter? END
START what is one of the christian religions which believes in trinitarianism? END
START which a christian religion that allows blood transfusions? END
START what is a religion that doesn't limit social interactions with non-believers? END
START when did charles taze russell form a group? END
START where did russell and others form their group? END
START what was the purpose of russell's group? END
START when russell met nelson h. barbour in 1876, they jointly produced what book? END
START 1914 would mark the end of a 2520 year period known as what? END
START what was the name of a member in charles taze russell's group in 1870? END
START what major event occurred in 1914? END
START in what year did nelson h. barbour die? END
START what was one of the doctrinal differences that russell and barbour had? END
START when did watch tower supporters gather as autonomous congregations to study the bible? END
START how many congregations were founded? END
START when did russell visit each of the congregations to provide the format he recommended to conduct their meetings? END
START what did the congregations which continued to form during russell's ministry remain? END
START who presided over zion's watch tower tract society in 1881? END
START who was the most distributed christian author in the world in 1912? END
START who presided over zion's watch tower tract society in 1900? END
START in what year did charles taze russell die? END
START in what year did william henry conley die? END
START how many foreign missionaries did charles taze russell appoint? END
START when did russell move the society's headquarters to brooklyn? END
START what did russell combine at the headquarters? END
START what was the name of the residence where volunteers were housed? END
START how many people worldwide were associated with russell's movement by 1910? END
START when did russell die? END
START in what month in 1909 did russell move the watch tower societies headquarters to brooklyn, new york? END
START in what year did russell establish the international bible students association? END
START how many people in the united states were associated with jehovah's witnesses as of 1910? END
START in what year had russell established the watch tower society? END
START what was one of the cities on russell's 1916 ministerial speaking tour? END
START who was elected as the watch tower society's president in january of 1917? END
START what had rutherford been before being elected the group's president? END
START when did rutherford release the finished mystery? END
START who did the finished mystery strongly criticize?  END
START what were watch tower society directors jailed for? END
START in what year did joseph franklin rutherford become the legal representative of the watch tower society? END
START who was one of the prominent people that disputed joseph franklin rutherford becoming the watch tower society president? END
START who was one of the board of directors for the watch tower society in 1917? END
START in what year was the first of russells studies in the scriptures series first published? END
START who was one of the watch tower society's directors jailed for sedition in 1918? END
START what did rutherford institute the appointment of in each congregation in 1919? END
START what were all members instructed to report weekly to the brooklyn headquarters? END
START where as an international convention held in september of 1922? END
START what was a new emphasis made on at the international convention? END
START how long was rutherford's tenure as president of the society? END
START in what month in 1920 did rutherford claim that some jewish patriarchs would be resurrected in 1925? END
START how many people attended the cedar point, ohio, convention of the watch tower society? END
START in what year did the first bible student organizations split from the watch tower society? END
START when did rutherford introduce the new name for the society? END
START what biblical passage was the name jehovah's witnesses based on? END
START what system did rutherford eliminate in 1932? END
START where were appointments in congregations worldwide made from? END
START in what year did rutherford take over leadership of the watch tower society? END
START how were local elders selected by the jehovah's witnesses between 1932 and 1938? END
START in what month in 1932 did rutherford eliminate the system of locally elected elders? END
START in what month in 1938 did rutherford introduce a new theocratic organizational structure? END
START from when was it taught that the little flock would not be the only people to survive armageddon? END
START what was the number of the little flock set at? END
START where would the great multitude live? END
START all new converts to the movmeent since 1935 were considered part of what class? END
START when was the start of the last days moved to in the mid-1930s? END
START in what year was armageddon to occur according to rutherford? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there as of 1935? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses had there been in 1914? END
START in what year did rutherford die? END
START who was appointed as the third president of the watch tower bible and tract society in 1942? END
START what did knorr commission? END
START when was the full version of the new world translation of the holy scriptures released? END
START what was knorr's presidency marked by the increasing use of? END
START what was greater use of congregational judicial procedures used to enforce? END
START in what year did nathan knorr commission a new translation of the bible? END
START in what year did nathan knorr organize his first international assembly? END
START in what year did nathan knorr start demanding jehovah's witnesses start following a strict moral code? END
START in what year did nathan knorr issue general instructions to guide witnesses? END
START in what year did nathan knorr introduce his first new training program? END
START from 1966, what did witness publications and conventions think would happen in late 1975? END
START how many baptisms were there in 1974? END
START how many active members were there in 1975? END
START why did membership decline in the late 1970s? END
START what did the watch tower society admit in 1980? END
START in what year did witnesses decide to put off armageddon until late 1975 instead of their earlier year? END
START how many witnesses were baptized in 1975? END
START how many witnesses were there in the united states in 1966? END
START what was one of the major changes that occurred in 1975? END
START how many witnesses were there in 1980? END
START when was the offices of restored to the witness congregations? END
START starting in september 2014, who was responsible for making appointments in the church? END
START in 1976 whose power in watch tower society was diminished? END
START when did knorr die?  END
START who has been president of the society since 2000? END
START in what year did branch committees start to make appointments? END
START who was one of the members of the governing body in 1977? END
START who was one of the members of the governing body in 1995? END
START how are jehovah witnesses organized? END
START what does the theocratic organization of jehovah witnesses reflect on earth? END
START what gender are all the members of the governing body? END
START how many members does the governing body consist of? END
START who does the governing body direct? END
START how many governing body members were there in late 2012? END
START how many self-professed "anointed" jehovah's witnesses were there as of 2012 in the united states? END
START how many traveling overseers are there? END
START how many circuits of congregations make up the jehovah's witnesses organization? END
START how many "anointed" jehovah's witnesses were there as of 2014? END
START what does each congregation have? END
START whose responsibility is it to conduct meetings and decide action for cases involving sexual misconduct? END
START who appoints new elders? END
START what does the title of elder not signify? END
START what ecclesiastical privilege may elders employ? END
START who sets teaching times? END
START who does public preaching work? END
START what is the title used for ministerial servants? END
START who among the witnesses does formal clergy-laity? END
START who appoints traveling overseers? END
START what is a requirement for being considered a member of jehovah's witnesses? END
START what aren't considered valid when performed by other denominations? END
START what do witness publications say baptism symbolizes a person's personal dedication to? END
START jehovah witnesses' literature puts emphasis on the obedience to not only jehovah but also to his what? END
START individuals must remain jehovah witnesses if they wish to receive what from god? END
START at what age does a jehovah's witness do baptism? END
START what is the name of one of the jehovah's witnesses publications? END
START what do people undergoing baptism affirm privately? END
START will an unbaptized infant survive or not if a sudden armageddon were to occur? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe their religion is a restoration of? END
START who establishes the doctrines of the jehovah witnesses?  END
START where does the governing body express its doctrinal position? END
START how does god reveal his will and purpose? END
START what is the jehovah witnesses' leadership said to provide? END
START what is one of the publications put out by the watch tower society? END
START what religion claims their top official is infallible? END
START what did first-century christians call themselves? END
START whose decision was it that members of the governing body have "deep truths" imparted to them by the holy spirit? END
START what is considered the inspired, inerrant word of god? END
START what do jehovah witnesses consider the science and history within the bible to be? END
START whose pronouncements within jehovah witnesses group are considered to carry almost as much weight as the bible? END
START what are members of jehovah witnesses cautioned against reading? END
START what is there no provision for members of the jehovah witnesses to do in relation to the official teachings? END
START  who is the outside foremost authority on jehovah's witnesses? END
START how often do many jehovah's witnesses read other religions literature? END
START what religion gives their adherents a lot of leeway in regards to abiding by its doctrines? END
START how often does watch tower society put out publications nowadays? END
START in what publication was andrew holden's ethnographic study of jehovah's witnesses published? END
START who do jehovah witnesses believe is god's only direct creation? END
START what was jesus a ransom sacrifice to pay for? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe jesus died on rather than a traditional cross? END
START jesus is considered to be the only what between god and humanity? END
START what biblical passage outlines jesus' role as a mediator? END
START what christian religion believes jesus died on a cross? END
START what do catholics think god created? END
START who do catholics think archangel michael is? END
START which religion believes people are free of original sin? END
START who do catholics think abaddon is? END
START jehovah witnesses believe who will go to heaven? END
START where will god resurrected the "other sheep" after armageddon? END
START jehovah witnesses interrupted revelation 14:1-5 to limit heaven goers to exactly what number? END
START who is the final judge of whether jehovah witnesses get to survive armageddon? END
START what will people need to study for during christ's millennial reign? END
START how many jehovah witnesses exist today? END
START how many christians go to heaven according to catholics? END
START what do most protestant religions believe in regards to how many people get to go to heaven? END
START how many "other sheep" get to be resurrected by god after the armageddon according to jehovah's witnesses? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe of god's kingdom? END
START who rules with jesus christ in heaven according to jehovah witnesses? END
START what do the jehovah witnesses believe god will use the kingdom in heaven for? END
START what will the earth be transformed into? END
START when do jehovah witnesses believe the kingdom of heaven was established? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there in 1914? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses are there now? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses get to serve as jesus's reps on earth at any given time? END
START how many people will get to live in a paradise free of sickness and death according to jehovah's witnesses? END
START one of jehovah witnesses' central teachings is that the world entered into its last days at what year? END
START what do jehovah witnesses consider all other present day religions to be? END
START who do jehovah witnesses think is out to destroy them? END
START who needs to attack jehovah witnesses for god to begin the war of armageddon? END
START what will be the end result of god's kingdom? END
START in what year was the united nations formed? END
START where does everyone go who isn't destroyed along with satan and his demons? END
START in what year did the jehovah's witnesses religion get formed? END
START how many demons will satan be leading? END
START what happens to those who died during god's intervention? END
START on what date do jehovah witnesses believe jesus christ began his rule as a king in god's kingdom? END
START what happened to satan when jesus started his rule? END
START how do jehovah witnesses believe that jesus rules? END
START how is the greek word parousia translated when referring to christ? END
START when will jesus' presence end? END
START in what month of 1914 was satan tossed out of heaven? END
START what do most greek scholars think "presence" translates to in greek? END
START how do jehovah's witnesses think satan appears to people on earth since 1914? END
START when do jehovah's witnesses now think armageddon is going to strike? END
START where do jehovah witnesses meet for worship and study? END
START how are jehovah witnesses assigned to congregations? END
START what do jehovah witnesses refer to their weekly services as? END
START how often did jehovah witnesses congregations meet prior to 2009? END
START what are jehovah witnesses' gatherings opened and closed with? END
START how many witnesses are there at each kingdom hall? END
START how many "circuits" are there of kingdom halls? END
START what takes place during "family worship" typically? END
START how many regular meetings does each kingdom hall have during the jehovah's witnesses annual three-day "regional convention"? END
START prior to 2009 how many kingdom hall meeting were held during the weekends? END
START what are jehovah witnesses probably best known for by outsiders? END
START how many languages is the watch tower society literature published in? END
START what is the objective of jehovah witnesses' door to door ministry? END
START when are jehovah witnesses advised to discontinue bibles studies with students? END
START what are baptized members who fail to report a month of preaching termed as? END
START how many doors does the average jehovah's witnesses knock on each month? END
START what do most people do when a jehovah's witness knocks on their door? END
START what happens to a jehovah's witness that is determined to be "inactive"? END
START how many people are baptized as a jehovah's witness each year? END
START what is jehovah witnesses' view of divorce? END
START what is an acceptable grounds for divorce for a jehovah witness? END
START what do jehovah witnesses considered remarriage when the reason for divorce wasn't adultery? END
START jehovah witnesses will allow what in the event of extreme physical abuse or absolute endangerment of spirituality? END
START what is remarriage considered as by most modern protestant people? END
START if a person suffers extreme physical abuse by their spouse what do most protestant religions allow for? END
START in most christian religions willfully non-supporting one's family will result in what? END
START when is remarriage encouraged by jehovah's witnesses? END
START who administers formal discipline? END
START what is formed when a baptized member is accused of doing something serious enough for jehovah witnesses to take notice? END
START what is the strongest form of discipline the jehovah witnesses' judicial committee can render? END
START what are jehovah witnesses taught that avoiding social and spiritual interaction with disfellowshipped individuals does? END
START what do jehovah witnesses describe anyone who formally resign from the church as? END
START how is informal discipline meted out by jehovah's witnesses? END
START what happens if an unbaptized member, due to age, is accused of committing a serious sin? END
START who do members that disassociate from witnesses get to continue interacting with? END
START how long does marking last if someone has willfully violated a bible principle but didn't commit a serious sin? END
START why do jehovah witnesses believe the bible condemns mixing of religions? END
START what do jehovah witnesses believe is true of their religion and their religion alone? END
START what are jehovah witnesses taught it's vital to remain? END
START what does jehovah witnesses define the "world" to mean? END
START what are jehovah witnesses taught association with worldly people presents to their faith? END
START what protestant religion is open to talking with outsiders? END
START what protestant religion encourage interacting with the broader world? END
START what protestant group is fine with the mixing of religions? END
START what protestant group thinks there can be many truths from god? END
START who is king of god's kingdom in heaven? END
START what do jehovah witnesses remain politically? END
START what are jehovah witnesses discouraged from doing? END
START why do jehovah witnesses forego religious holidays and birthdays or other celebrations? END
START what do jehovah witnesses feel all the traditional holidays reflect? END
START what protestant group encourages their members to celebrate easter? END
START what protestant religion encourages members to vote in elections? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that thinks it's fun to celebrate their kid's birthdays? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that thinks celebrating things other than jesus are ok? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that enjoys celebrating christmas with one another? END
START what industries do jehovah witnesses avoid working in? END
START what may a jehovah witnesses' refusal to serve in the natural military service result in, in some countries? END
START what do jehovah witnesses see themselves as, which transcends national boundaries and ethnic loyalties? END
START what profession is ronald lawson? END
START what does lawson suggest has contributed to the consistency of the sense of urgency in jehovah witnesses' apocalyptic message? END
START  who is one of the most prominent outside supporters of witnesses? END
START who suggested that jehovah's witnesses live socially healthy lives free of paranoia about others not of their religion? END
START what religion is sociologist ronald lawson? END
START what is one of the protestant religion which is fine with their members joining the military? END
START what are united methodists allowed to do? END
START what biblical passage informs jehovah witnesses' refusal of blood transfusions? END
START what is grounds for expulsion from jehovah witnesses, since 1961? END
START what do jehovah witnesses accept in lieu of blood transfusions? END
START what does jehovah witnesses' literature provide about non-blood medical procedures? END
START what is one of the protestant religions who don't see blood transfusions as a big deal? END
START when was the first non-blood alternative developed for blood transfusions? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses have died in the past decade due to their refusal of blood transfusions? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses have been expelled in the past decade for accepting a blood transfusion? END
START what are jehovah witnesses allowed to accept at their discretion?  END
START what pre-formatted durable power of attorney documents are provided by the watch tower society to prohibit? END
START what can jehovah's witnesses' members specify on the canned legal forms from the wts? END
START what cooperative arrangement did jehovah's witnesses establish? END
START the hospital liaison committees serve to bridge between hospitals, medical professionals and who? END
START what is one of the protestant religions who are fine with blood transfusions? END
START who decides what the limit is for allowable fractions of blood plasma fractions? END
START what is one of the career paths many jehovah's witnesses choose to take? END
START who do most witnesses get guidance from in regards to how much blood plasma fractions they are willing to accept? END
START what term do jehovah's witnesses use for members actively involved in preaching? END
START how many publishers did the jehovah's witnesses have as of august 2015? END
START how many congregations did the jehovah's witnesses have in 2015? END
START over how many hours had jehovah's witnesses spent preaching and in "bible study" activity in 2015? END
START what do jehovah's witnesses their worldwide growth rate to be? END
START how many preaching members of the witnesses are there in the united states? END
START how many children were involved in "bible studies" in 2015? END
START how fast was jehovah's witnesses growing in the mid-1990s per year? END
START how much time was spent in just preaching time since 2015? END
START how much time was spent in just "bible study" since 2015? END
START where do the officially published membership statistics come from? END
START only about half all jehovah's witnesses are actually considered what in the faith itself? END
START what did a 2008 us pew forum on religion & public life survey discover about jehovah's witnesses' retention rate? END
START only about what percentage of the people raised in the religion continue to identify themselves as jehovah's witnesses? END
START according to a 2008 us pew forum report how many protestants identify as still active in the faith they grew up in? END
START what percentage of people who join the jehovah's witnesses as an adult end up being considered as inactive? END
START what percentage of jehovah's witnesses end up getting disfellowshipped? END
START in what year did us pew forum issue their first religion & public life survey? END
START what is the profession of james a. beckford? END
START when did beckford study the jehovah's witnesses? END
START what did beckford classify the jehovah's witnesses organizational structure as being? END
START what is the conviction that jehovah's witness leaders dispense absolute truth? END
START what is the term for jehovah's witnesses' rejection of certain secular requirements and medical treatments? END
START who issued a positive report about jehovah's witnesses in 1975? END
START what is a profession that jehovah's witnesses aren't allowed to do? END
START when was the last time there was a doctrinal change for jehovah's witnesses? END
START in what year did james a. beckford graduate from college? END
START who claimed there was a low rate of turnover among jehovah's witnesses? END
START jehovah's witnesses in the united states ranked highest in people whose education extended no further than what? END
START compared to other religions, jehovah's witnesses have the highest frequency of doing what with the bible outside of religious services? END
START what religion ranks highest in frequency of religious attendance?  END
START statistically, what is a jehovah's witnesses likely not to care about at all? END
START what do few jehovah's witnesses earn? END
START the members of what religion have a lot of university degrees? END
START educational aspiration is a hallmark of what protestant religion? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that encourages people to be engaged in politics? END
START what is one of the protestant religions that is realistic about the time commitment of their members to their religion? END
START  what is one of the protestant religions open to the ideas of other people? END
START what has at times led to immense violence against jehovah's witnesses? END
START why have jehovah's witnesses sometimes been imprisoned? END
START of the 20,000 jehovah's witnesses in germany in 1933, how many were later imprisoned? END
START what were jehovah's witnesses identified by in nazi concentration camps? END
START what countries ban the religious activities of jehovah's witnesses? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there in canada at the start of world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses were there in the soviet union at the start of world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses died in the soviet union during world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses escaped germany during world war ii? END
START how many jehovah's witnesses are there thought to be in china today? END
START who were jehovah's witnesses accused of intentionally provoking in the 1930s and 1940s? END
START what authors have suggested rutherford invited and cultivated opposition for the purpose of publicity? END
START what did rutherford hope to convince members about the persecution from the outside world? END
START what did watch tower society literature tell jehovah's witnesses they should never seek? END
START what should a jehovah's witnesses prefer to paying fines? END
START in what decade did author william whalen die? END
START in what decade did author shawn francis peters die? END
START what religious leader of the 1930s and 1940s would never have been suspected of using his members arrests to garner more disaffected members? END
START in what decade did barbara grizzuti harrison escape the jehovah's witnesses? END
START in what decade  did alan rogerson get out of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START what did jehovah's witnesses persistent legal challenges result in, in the united states? END
START what is religious conduct protected from the interference of? END
START what right to abstain from do jehovah's witnesses exercise? END
START what do patients have the right to refuse? END
START where have cases in the jehovah's witnesses favor been heard outside of the u.s.? END
START what was one of the countries that the jehovah's witnesses lost a bunch of civil liberties lawsuits? END
START besides the us what other country has the jehovah's witnesses lost lawsuits about such things as the right to refuse medical treatment? END
START has the witnesses won more federal or state lawsuits? END
START was it in the us or canada that witnesses first gained the right to abstain from patriotic rituals? END
START was it in the us or canada that witnesses first gained the right to abstain from military service? END
START who establishes the doctrines of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START what do the jehovah's witnesses religion not tolerate any of? END
START what happens to members who disagree with the religion's teachings? END
START why should the counsel received from the governing body be trusted? END
START who do jehovah's witnesses believe introduced independent thinking? END
START what religion accommodates members who question its teachings? END
START what religion encourages its adherents to think critically? END
START what religion treats those who want to engage in independent thinking in a loving way? END
START what religion wouldn't think of expelling someone merely because they have questions about what the church teaches? END
START what do former jehovah's witnesses members heath and gary botting compare the culture of the religion to? END
START who describes the jehovah's witnesses' leadership as being totalitarian?  END
START how do the leaders of the jehovah's witnesses cultivate a system of unquestioning obedience? END
START what do critics of the jehovah's witnesses accuse the religion's leaders of exercising over members? END
START what did former governing body member raymond franz argue the methods employed by the religion were all elements of? END
START who was the first totalitarian in charge of a nation? END
START who was the first leader of the witnesses? END
START who was one of the people that argued the witnesses make people abrogate all responsibilities and rights over their personal lives? END
START who got out of the witnesses first, alan rogerson or raymond franz? END
START who between heather and gary botting first wanted out of the witnesses? END
START what profession did rodney stark grow up to become? END
START what statement does stark make about the leaders of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START how do jehovah's witnesses see themselves in regards to the power structure of the church? END
START another sociologist, andrew holden, feels anyone who joins a movement such as the jehovah's witnesses has made a what? END
START holden acknowledges that defectors are seldom allowed a what from the church? END
START who described the jehovah's witnesses as a relatively democratic organization? END
START who said that it was formal rules that kept people in line in the jehovah's witnesses? END
START who wrote that the majority of people joining the witnesses are making a pretty uninformed choice? END
START who wrote that people leaving religious groups like the witnesses are allowed a dignified exit? END
START which sociologist said that the witnesses are on the whole a democratic organization? END
START what is the new world translation the most accurate translation of? END
START what do many bible scholars assume the differences in the new world translation are the result of? END
START beduhn clarifies that the differences are actually due to what? END
START the nw often errs on the side of what type of translation? END
START what insertion into the new testament violates accuracy in favor of denominationally preferred expressions? END
START which bible doesn't insert jehovah too often as the word for god? END
START what is regarded as the least accurate translation of the bible in the world among the nine main ones? END
START what university did bible scholar jason beduhn get his degree from? END
START who was one of the new testament writers? END
START who do watch tower society publications claim god has used? END
START what does god use jehovah's witnesses for? END
START what has god provided to jehovah's witnesses? END
START what have various jehovah's witnesses' publications made predictions about? END
START what had some of the failed predictions of jehovah's witnesses been presented as? END
START what protestant religion has allowed that some of their predictions may not come to pass? END
START what is one of watch tower society's publications? END
START what is one of of the protestant religions doesn't claim to know what is coming next? END
START what is one of the religions that doesn't believe in an upcoming armageddon? END
START what accusations does the watch tower society reject? END
START what does george d. chryssides suggest the changing views and dates of the jehovah's witnesses can be attributed to changed understandings of? END
START what profession does andrew holden smugly self-identify as? END
START how long ago was the foundation of the jehovah's witnesses movement? END
START what have jehovah's witnesses maintained we are living on the precipice of since their formation? END
START what religion is george d. chryssides? END
START what is george d. chryssides occupation? END
START since what year has andrew holden been a sociologist? END
START in what year was the watch tower society founded? END
START who argues it is foolish to not believe that the witnesses set end dates of civilization just to get additional members? END
START what are jehovah's witnesses accused of concealing within their organization? END
START whose hands should elders leave allegations of sexual abuse in when the accused person denies wrongdoing? END
START who does barbara anderson feel the church's policy regarding sexual abuse protects? END
START what do jehovah's witnesses maintain they want to protect? END
START jehovah's witnesses do not sponsor activities when the result is the separation of whom? END
START what religion is one of the best at protecting children from molestation? END
START who came up with the "two witness rule" within the jehovah's witnesses organization? END
START what bible scriptures contradict the jehovah's witnesses views on sexual abuse? END
START how does deuteronomy 19:15 describe the best way to prevent pedophilia? END
START what does matthew 18:15-17 have to say about sexual abuse? END
START what has the jehovah's witnesses failure to report to authorities been criticized?  END
START of the 1006 alleged perpetrators of child sexual abuse identified by jehovah's witnesses within their organization since 1950, how many were reported to secular authorities? END
START why are the jehovah's witnesses reluctant to alert authorities to abuse? END
START what have courts in both the uk and the us found the watch tower society to have been for failing to protect children from sexual predators within the congregation? END
START how much has the society reportedly paid to settle lawsuits without admitting any wrongdoing? END
START how many child sexual abuse cases have been reported to authorities in the us by the watch tower society since 1950? END
START how much has the watch tower society paid to victims of child sexual abuse in australia since 1950? END
START in what year did william bowen leave the jehovah's witnesses? END
START how many alleged sexual abuse cases have there been in the united states since 1950 involving members of the jehovah's witnesses? END
START how much does the watch tower society pay to lawyers each year to represent them against child sexual abuse cases? END
START what was eisenhower's nickname? END
START what was the middle name of dwight eisenhower? END
START in what year did eisenhower's presidency begin? END
START during the second world war, what was the highest position (not rank) eisenhower achieved? END
START what was the name of the north african invasion eisenhower oversaw? END
START along with reducing the federal deficit, what was eisenhower's main policy priority as president? END
START what did eisenhower threaten to use to end the korean war? END
START along with guatemala, what country's government did eisenhower order overthrown? END
START what country did eisenhower neglect to assist in their military action in vietnam? END
START in what year was the formosa resolution passed? END
START in what year did the soviets launch humanity's first artificial satellite? END
START what organization did eisenhower support after the soviets launched the first artificial satellite? END
START along with israel, what countries' armies invaded egypt in 1956? END
START where did eisenhower send 15,000 military personnel in 1958? END
START on what date did eisenhower deliver his presidential farewell address? END
START why political movement was named for joseph mccarthy? END
START what political theory did eisenhower use to oppose mccarthy? END
START who served as eisenhower's vice president? END
START what sort of conservative was eisenhower? END
START what does darpa stand for? END
START what book did eisenhower's parents read every day? END
START what mennonite sect did eisenhower's mother initially belong to? END
START what is another name for the international bible students association? END
START what university did eisenhower attend? END
START what church did eisenhower join in 1953? END
START in what year did eisenhower graduate from high school? END
START what high school did eisenhower go to? END
START what was the name of eisenhower's brother? END
START in what year of high school did eisenhower suffer a groin infection? END
START what high school year did eisenhower have to repeat? END
START where did eisenhower work during his brother's first year of college? END
START what was eisenhower's job title during the first year his brother went to college? END
START who was eisenhower's senator? END
START why couldn't eisenhower attend annapolis? END
START in what year did eisenhower matriculate to west point? END
START what was doud eisenhower's nickname? END
START what killed icky eisenhower? END
START in what city was john eisenhower born? END
START what was john eisenhower's final rank in the military? END
START david eisenhower married the child of what us president? END
START what sport did eisenhower notably enjoy? END
START what color were eisenhower's winter golf balls? END
START who was the chairman of augusta national and friend to eisenhower? END
START what was clifford roberts by profession? END
START when did eisenhower join augusta national? END
START what was eisenhower's favorite hobby other than golfing? END
START who notably painted a picture of mamie eisenhower? END
START what was the main type of oil painting painted by eisenhower? END
START what car did eisenhower compare modern art to? END
START who called eisenhower's art "simple and earnest"? END
START what was eisenhower's favorite film? END
START who was eisenhower's favorite author? END
START what genre did zane grey write in? END
START where did eisenhower learn to play poker? END
START at west point, what game did eisenhower play six nights a week for five months? END
START what military installation was eisenhower assigned to when the united states entered the first world war? END
START what unit did eisenhower serve with at camp meade? END
START to what rank was eisenhower brevetted after being transferred to the tank corps? END
START what famous military event occurred at the site of camp colt? END
START in what state was camp meade located? END
START how long before eisenhower was to be transferred to france did world war i end? END
START what decoration did eisenhower receive as a result of his first world war service? END
START what notable second world war commander disparaged eisenhower for his lack of combat experience? END
START what was eisenhower's camp meade unit equipped with? END
START when did eisenhower leave camp meade? END
START along with patton, who was a notable interwar tank leader? END
START what was the traditional doctrine on the use of tanks? END
START what happened when eisenhower was threatened with a court martial for his support for offensive tank tactics? END
START what role did eisenhower serve under fox conner? END
START where did eisenhower serve under conner? END
START what notable military treatise was authored by von clausewitz? END
START during what period did eisenhower attend the command and general staff college? END
START how many people were in eisenhower's class at the command and general staff college? END
START who was the head of the american battle monuments commission during this period? END
START during the 1920s, for what federal department did milton eisenhower work? END
START in what year did eisenhower graduate from the army war college? END
START what was the office held by george mosely? END
START what was eisenhower's rank in 1933? END
START what event made war planning difficult in this period? END
START what position was held by general macarthur at this point in time? END
START what encampment was attacked in 1932 by soldiers including eisenhower? END
START what sort of people did the bonus march consist of? END
START what rank was eisenhower promoted to in 1936? END
START what license did eisenhower receive in 1939? END
START who was president of the philippines circa 1939? END
START what is the current name of the capital city that was under construction in the philippines in 1939? END
START how did eisenhower respond to the offer to become a philippine police chief? END
START what unit did eisenhower serve with upon his return to the united states? END
START at what military installation was the 15th infantry based? END
START in the spring of 1941, who commanded ix corps? END
START in what city was the 3rd army based in june of 1941? END
START what event contributed to eisenhower receiving a promotion to brigadier general? END
START to what body was eisenhower assigned after pearl harbor was attacked? END
START who headed the wpd before eisenhower? END
START what body replaced the war plans division? END
START what was eisenhower's title in the operations division? END
START who was the chief of staff who promoted eisenhower? END
START as of may 1942, who commanded the army air forces? END
START to what city did eisenhower travel to may 1942? END
START who commanded the english theater in may 1942? END
START what appointment did eisenhower receive on june 23, 1942? END
START to what rank was eisenhower promoted on july 7, 1942? END
START what appointment did eisenhower receive in november of 1942? END
START what was the code name of the north african campaign? END
START at what location was the north african campaign planned? END
START how many years before eisenhower's command had a non-briton commanded gibraltar? END
START what geographic area was the primary objective of eisenhower? END
START who initially served as high commissioner of north africa? END
START who killed franois darlan? END
START who served as high commissioner of north africa after darlan's death? END
START on what day did darlan die? END
START what was rommel's rank? END
START who commanded ii corps before being removed by eisenhower? END
START who commanded the uk's eighth army? END
START when did eisenhower receive authority over the british eighth army? END
START what did eisenhower command after he commanded etousa? END
START what did the allies invade after they conquered north africa? END
START what was the invasion of mainland italy called? END
START what was the initial ratio of axis to allied divisions in italy? END
START how many divisions did the germans add to italy? END
START until he was deposed, who was the leader of italy? END
START other than eisenhower, who was considered for the appointment of supreme allied commander in europe? END
START what did shaef stand for? END
START who appointed eisenhower as supreme allied commander in europe? END
START what was the allied invasion of normandy called? END
START when did operation overlord take place? END
START who refused to provide eisenhower with landing craft? END
START what concern did churchill have in regard to eisenhower's pre-invasion bombing plan? END
START what did patton do that first caused eisenhower to reprimand him? END
START what were the french resistance to be used for in advance of the invasion of france? END
START who was the leader of french forces in this period? END
START when did the normandy invasion occur? END
START how long after the normandy invasion did the landings in southern france occur? END
START when did the war in europe end? END
START how many divisions involved in the allied invasion of europe did eisenhower visit? END
START after what possible event would the speech called one of the greatest in history have been delivered? END
START what unit did montgomery command? END
START what general commanded the 12th us army group? END
START who was the sixth us army group's commander? END
START what geographic portion of the front did the sixth us army group operate on? END
START what supply port was opened late in 1944? END
START what european rank was equivalent to that of general of the army? END
START on what date did eisenhower receive his general of the army appointment? END
START along with montgomery, with whom did eisenhower disagree on strategy? END
START what soviet military leader was a counterpart of eisenhower? END
START what rank was held by de gaulle? END
START when did the battle of the bulge begin? END
START what german city did the british wish to conquer? END
START along with roosevelt and churchill, what political leader decided upon the division of germany? END
START what nation's military conquered berlin? END
START what date saw the surrender of nazi germany? END
START what was eisenhower's title after germany's surrender? END
START in what structure was eisenhower's headquarters in the us occupation zone? END
START in what city was the headquarters of the us occupation zone located? END
START aside from the us, what other countries had occupation zones in germany? END
START what agreement was not applicable to disarmed enemy forces? END
START who was chief of staff of the army before eisenhower? END
START about how many soldiers demobilized after the war ended? END
START what president ignored eisenhower's recommendations in regard to atomic weapons? END
START what was eisenhower's position on the use of nuclear weapons against japan? END
START what city did eisenhower notably visit in 1945? END
START when was it suggested to eisenhower that he might one day become president? END
START along with dogcatcher, what political job did eisenhower specifically not want to be considered for? END
START what role did eisenhower believe he could not fulfill if he was believed to want to become involved in politics? END
START what general was considered a potential republican presidential candidate in 1948? END
START at what meeting did truman tell eisenhower that he would assist him in running for president? END
START what state's delegates were considering supporting eisenhower in 1948? END
START how old would eisenhower be in 1956? END
START why was it unlikely that eisenhower would run for president in 1956? END
START who was it assumed would win the election of 1948? END
START what position did eisenhower occupy in 1948? END
START where is columbia university located? END
START what was the title of eisenhower's memoir? END
START what group of schools did columbia university belong to? END
START what body ruled the eisenhower was not a professional writer? END
START while eisenhower was president of columbia, what group did he also work with? END
START what was blanche wiesen cook in relation to eisenhower? END
START along with business and government, what leaders did eisenhower see meeting at the council on foreign relations? END
START what sort of analysis did eisenhower first experience with the council on foreign relations? END
START what position was held by james forrestal? END
START what position did eisenhower informally hold? END
START after becoming sick, where did eisenhower recover? END
START what was the name of columbia university's alumni association? END
START when did eisenhower vacation for two months outside new york? END
START aside from his university work, where did eisenhower gain useful contacts? END
START what continental oil leader was eisenhower tied to? END
START what was the political orientation of columbia's teachers? END
START what state was frank abrams' oil company located in? END
START from where did h.j. porter hale? END
START when was eisenhower's resignation of columbia turned down? END
START what role did eisenhower fill after leaving columbia? END
START on what date did eisenhower leave active duty in the military? END
START what job did eisenhower hold after his second tenure as president of columbia? END
START when did eisenhower become president of the united states? END
START who was president of the united states prior to eisenhower? END
START truman wanted eisenhower to run for the presidency as a member of what party? END
START who did the republicans want to block with an eisenhower candidacy in 1952? END
START what was taft's political office? END
START who was eisenhower's campaign manager in 1952? END
START in what part of the country, previously neglected by republican presidential candidates, did eisenhower campaign? END
START along with korea and communism, what issue did eisenhower attack truman on? END
START what was the strategy called that was used by eisenhower's campaign? END
START how did eisenhower claim eastern europe should be liberated? END
START what was the home state of joseph mccarthy? END
START where did eisenhower claim he would end the war? END
START during the campaign, from where was it claimed nixon had received money improperly? END
START what topic did eisenhower not discuss during the campaign? END
START how old was truman in 1948? END
START in what century was eisenhower born? END
START who was the oldest man to become president prior to eisenhower? END
START how many times had eisenhower been elected to office prior to becoming president? END
START what did eisenhower have in common with presidents taylor, grant, taft and hoover? END
START what woman was a member of eisenhower's cabinet? END
START who was eisenhower's budget director? END
START along with lucius clay, who advised eisenhower on cabinet appointments? END
START along with george humphrey, what cabinet official did eisenhower have a close relationship with? END
START what quip was used to describe eisenhower's cabinet? END
START what war did eisenhower want to end as president? END
START what type of cabinet meeting did eisenhower hold for the first time ever? END
START policy in regard to what country was discussed at eisenhower's first cabinet meeting? END
START what type of policy was the focus of eisenhower's inaugural address? END
START how did eisenhower describe his political views? END
START what new deal program did eisenhower particularly support? END
START what cabinet agency did eisenhower make social security a part of? END
START how many people were added to the social security rolls by eisenhower? END
START what policy in regard to the military did eisenhower see to completion? END
START what wing of the gop was eisenhower opposed to? END
START in what year were the first federal elections after eisenhower became president? END
START prior to the 1954 elections, who had majorities in congress? END
START what type of republican did eisenhower characterize himself as? END
START upon election, how many terms did eisenhower believe he would serve? END
START in what year did eisenhower have a heart attack? END
START when did eisenhower make an announcement stating that he would run for a second term? END
START who did eisenhower want as his 1956 running mate? END
START who did eisenhower defeat in the 1956 presidential election? END
START what event led eisenhower to want to improve highways in the us? END
START what german transportation project influenced eisenhower on highways? END
START when did eisenhower sign the law to create the interstate highway system? END
START along with military benefits, what did eisenhower see as the benefit of the highway project? END
START why did congress hold up the highway bill? END
START what agreements did the gop old guard want eisenhower to abandon? END
START why did the old guard say eisenhower should void the yalta agreements? END
START what world leader died in march of 1953? END
START what speech did eisenhower give after stalin died? END
START who called the chance for peace speech the best one eisenhower gave as president? END
START what did eisenhower reduce as he increased nuclear weapons stockpiles? END
START what was the policy of increasing nuclear weapons while decreasing conventional forces called? END
START when did eisenhower begin to cut the defense budget? END
START along with nsc 162/2, what influenced the development of the new look policy? END
START why did nuclear arms negotiations with russia fail prior to 1955? END
START in what city did the us and russia conduct nuclear talks in 1955? END
START who refused to permit nuclear weapons inspections in the wake of the 1955 talks? END
START in may of 1955, a treaty was signed giving independence to what country? END
START what was the plan eisenhower presented at the geneva conference called? END
START what country did eisenhower believe communists would conquer if they took over guatemala? END
START the domino theory was applied to central america and what other region? END
START in what year was eisenhower's edc rejected? END
START what country was made a full partner in nato as the result of the failure of edc? END
START according to eisenhower, all of southeast asia would become communist if the communist insurgency won in what country? END
START who was the director of the cia? END
START what was the code name of the overthrow of the iranian government? END
START what cia operation toppled the guatemalan government? END
START what company made the u-2? END
START under what president did the bay of pigs invasion take place? END
START what make and model aircraft was air force flight 8610? END
START what aircraft had an incident with air force flight 8610? END
START what call sign does an air force aircraft have when a president is traveling on it? END
START what was the name of the lockheed c-121 constellation that carried eisenhower? END
START in what year was eisenhower involved in an incident while flying? END
START what caused eisenhower to kickstart the us space program? END
START along with the u-2 flyovers, what did eisenhower try to legitimize with the open skies policy? END
START what was the legal status of the u-2 flyovers? END
START what was the name of the civilian space agency created by eisenhower? END
START with whom did eisenhower try to improve relations? END
START where did the chinese begin to increase forces after eisenhower entered the white house? END
START what did eisenhower threaten to do if there was no armistice in korea? END
START along with the joint chiefs and sac, what body was involved with formulating plans for nuclear war with china? END
START what event led to decreased russian support for china? END
START what was sac an abbreviation of? END
START the boundary line of what year formed the 1953 armistice line? END
START in what month in 1953 did the armistice come into being? END
START who was the president of south korea at the time of the armistice? END
START what american official notably opposed the armistice? END
START who described the armistice as eisenhower's greatest presidential accomplishment? END
START along with the british and israelis, what forces invaded egypt in 1956? END
START what was the combined israeli-british-french invasion in response to? END
START who was the leader of egypt at the time of the suez crisis? END
START who invaded hungary in 1956? END
START what year saw the publication of eisenhower's memoirs? END
START what war was being fought by france in 1953? END
START what was john w. o'daniel's nickname? END
START who convinced eisenhower not to intervene in vietnam? END
START who was providing supplies to the vietnamese communists fighting against france? END
START how large of a military deployment did ridgway say would be necessary in vietnam? END
START aside from bombers, what aid did eisenhower provide to the french? END
START what did american bombers drop on vietnam? END
START when did dien bien phu fall to the communists? END
START along with the vice president and ncs head, who urged eisenhower to intervene after the fall of dien bien phu? END
START what arguably impossible conditions did eisenhower set for further intervention on behalf of the french? END
START what is seato? END
START along with the united states, the united kingdom and france, who formed seato? END
START what was the purpose of seato? END
START what group did france split vietnam with? END
START who met in peace talks with france at geneva? END
START what was south vietnam called in 1955? END
START who was the first ambassador to south vietnam? END
START who was the leader of south vietnam in 1954? END
START when did eisenhower first send military advisers to south vietnam? END
START along with free vietnam, what was another term for south vietnam? END
START how many soldiers did eisenhower ultimately send to vietnam? END
START how many days did the president of south vietnam visit the us for in 1957? END
START where was a parade held for the president of south vietnam? END
START who was secretary of state in 1957? END
START according to dulles, why was diem made president of vietnam? END
START when was a u-2 downed over the soviet union? END
START what was the downed u-2 gathering intelligence in advance of? END
START where was the east-west summit to have taken place? END
START what was the rank of the pilot of the downed u-2? END
START what did the eisenhower administration refer to the downed u-2 as? END
START where did the eisenhower administration say that the downed u-2 was intended to be flying? END
START according to the cover story, what did the "weather research" pilot have trouble with? END
START what happened to powers in the soviet union? END
START what did khrushchev refer to the u-2 as? END
START along with eisenhower, macmillan and de gaulle, what leader attended the four powers paris summit? END
START what did khrushchev demand that eisenhower do? END
START along with reducing nuclear weapons, what was to have been the topic of conversation at the four power paris summit? END
START what did eisenhower blame for ruining the summit? END
START in what year was the four power paris summit intended to take place? END
START which president initially began to desegregate the us military? END
START when did the desegregation of the united states armed forces begin? END
START when did eisenhower deliver his first state of the union? END
START what control did eisenhower use to push through desegregation? END
START in what geographical area did eisenhower promise to end desegregation in his state of the union address? END
START who did eisenhower tell dc officials to integrate? END
START what was the first civil rights act proposed to congress by eisenhower? END
START in what year did eisenhower propose his second civil rights act? END
START what sort of commission did the civil rights act of 1957 establish? END
START under the civil rights act of 1957, what federal department contained a civil rights office? END
START what state refused to integrate its schools in 1957? END
START what military unit was sent from outside of arkansas to oversee desegregation? END
START what arkansas militia unit did eisenhower federalize in 1957? END
START who was the governor of arkansas in 1957? END
START how many black students were escorted by the 101st airborne to little rock central high school? END
START in what year did joseph mccarthy declare that the federal government was employing communists? END
START what did eisenhower do when he was encouraged to respond to mccarthy's accusations? END
START why did eisenhower ignore mccarthy? END
START what organization did eisenhower want to keep from being one of mccarthy's targets? END
START what was the aec working on at this time? END
START what aec scientists counseled delaying the development of the hydrogen bomb? END
START what did eisenhower do to oppenheimer after he said that the hydrogen bomb should be delayed? END
START what did mccarthy threaten to do in may of 1955? END
START what tradition was fostered by eisenhower's reaction to mccarthy's subpoena threats? END
START eisenhower denied mccarthy access to the personnel of what branch of the federal government? END
START who won a senate majority in 1954? END
START after the 1954 election, who was the speaker of the house? END
START who was made senate majority leader after the 1954 election? END
START what state were johnson and rayburn from? END
START who was speaker of the house between 1953 and 1955? END
START what did martin think eisenhower did too much of in his relations with congress? END
START as a result of eisenhower's actions toward congress, what did martin think congress often gave him? END
START who did martin think eisenhower should have made better use of? END
START what were harlan and stewart's party affiliations? END
START what party did brennan belong to? END
START who did eisenhower nominate for chief justice? END
START what sort of decisions did warren favor on the supreme court? END
START along with liberals, who was eisenhower trying to appeal to with the warren pick? END
START where did eisenhower pick up the habit of smoking? END
START how many cigarettes did eisenhower smoke daily at west point? END
START when did eisenhower stop smoking completely? END
START who was eisenhower's employer when he gave up smoking? END
START who was the cardiologist who treated eisenhower after his heart attack? END
START what caused eisenhower's stroke of 1957? END
START where was eisenhower when he suffered a stroke in 1957? END
START what couldn't eisenhower move as a result of his stroke? END
START what is crohn's disease? END
START why did eisenhower need surgery on june 9, 1956? END
START what august 1965 event caused eisenhower to drop out of public life? END
START for what ailment did eisenhower receive surgery in 1966? END
START what did eisenhower have removed via surgery on december 12, 1966? END
START in what year did eisenhower die? END
START how many heart attacks did eisenhower have between 1955 and 1969? END
START who did eisenhower endorse for president in 1960? END
START who was the democratic candidate for president in 1960? END
START how old was eisenhower in 1960? END
START who was the youngest person elected to the united states presidency? END
START who won the us presidential election of 1960? END
START on what date did eisenhower deliver his farewell speech? END
START in his farewell speech, what complex did eisenhower warn the american people of? END
START what war did eisenhower talk about in his address to the nation? END
START from where did eisenhower deliver his farewell speech? END
START what term did eisenhower use to describe the character of communism? END
START what town did eisenhower retire to after his presidency? END
START what pennsylvania county did eisenhower grow up in? END
START who did eisenhower donate his farm to in 1967? END
START who was the republican presidential candidate in 1964? END
START what did barry goldwater call eisenhower? END
START how old was eisenhower when he died? END
START at what facility did eisenhower die? END
START what was eisenhower's cause of death? END
START what was eisenhower's date of death? END
START what christian denomination did eisenhower belong to? END
START when did eisenhower's funeral train arrive in abilene, kansas? END
START at what location was eisenhower buried? END
START what was the cost of eisenhower's casket? END
START what color jacket was eisenhower buried in? END
START when did mamie eisenhower die? END
START in popular memory, what sport was eisenhower known for playing? END
START what did critics feel that eisenhower should have opposed in public? END
START where was central high school located? END
START how did critics characterize kennedy in comparison to eisenhower? END
START what nation was considered the leader in the nuclear arms race? END
START from where did eisenhower get the idea of a white house chief of staff? END
START who was the last president not to appoint a chief of staff? END
START along with ford, what president initially didn't appoint a chief of staff but later did? END
START what 19th century informal political office did the modern role of white house chief of staff correspond to? END
START how many appreciation medals were minted? END
START in what city were the appreciation medals minted? END
START during what period were the appreciation medals minted? END
START what were eisenhower's initials? END
START how many appreciation medals were destroyed by the bureau of the mint? END
START what is the formal name of the interstate highway system? END
START along with germany and switzerland, what country contained an autobahn during the second world war? END
START when were "eisenhower interstate system" signs first posted along highways? END
START what is another name for eisenhower expressway? END
START what major city is interstate 290 close to? END
START at what augusta hole was the eisenhower pine located? END
START how many meters away from the masters tee on augusta's 17th was the eisenhower pine? END
START what did eisenhower want to be done to the eisenhower pine? END
START what damaged the eisenhower pine in february 2014? END
START in what year did eisenhower propose that the pine tree named after him be removed? END
START how many boroughs are in nyc? END
START where is the bronx positioned among nyc boroughs? END
START what is the bronx's population? END
START how large is the bronx? END
START what is unique about the bronx's location? END
START who is the bronx named for? END
START what did bronck do? END
START when did bronck settle in the new york area? END
START what native tribe lived in the new york area? END
START what types of music the bronx famous for? END
START how poor is part of the bronx? END
START what neighborhoods of the bronx are more affluent? END
START when did the south bronx lose quality of life? END
START what crime problem happened in the bronx in the 70s? END
START when was jonas bronck born? END
START where did bronck emigrate from? END
START when did bronck reach the new york area? END
START what entity did bronck get his land from? END
START how much land did bronck eventually own? END
START what is the bronx's county name? END
START what is the bronx's borough name? END
START when was the bronx created? END
START what county was the bronx split off from? END
START when was the bronx added to? END
START when did farmers build a bridge over the harlem river? END
START why did farmers build a bridge over the harlem river? END
START what strategic advantage did the bronx's location have? END
START when was kingsbridge built? END
START who owned kingsbridge? END
START how many counties did new york originally have? END
START parts of which towns became part of the bronx? END
START when was west farms created? END
START when was morrisania created? END
START when was the town of kingsbridge created? END
START when did new york city annex kingsbridge? END
START when did new york city annex west farms? END
START when did new york city annex morrisania? END
START when did new york city annex part of pelham? END
START when did new york city annex part of eastchester? END
START when was the bronx's boom period? END
START what was the bronx's population in 1900? END
START what was the bronx's population in 1929? END
START when did the bronx's income declined? END
START when did the bronx's economy regrow? END
START how many jews lived in the bronx in 1937? END
START how many jews lived in the bronx in 2011? END
START what led to the bronx's population growth? END
START what immigrant groups were the most prevalent in the bronx? END
START how much of the bronx was jewish in 1937? END
START what is redlining? END
START what might have encouraged landlords to abandon or destroy buildings? END
START what example city service was cut back on in the bronx? END
START what crime was common in the bronx in the 1970s? END
START why did some landlords burn their own buildings? END
START where were poverty and unemployment the worst in the bronx? END
START what city plan helped redevelop the bronx? END
START how many units are in the nehemiah homes? END
START who built the nehemiah homes? END
START who led the melrose commons project? END
START how many bank branches were in the bronx by 2007? END
START what award did the bronx receive in 1997? END
START who gave the bronx an award in 1997? END
START how were window decals used in the bronx in the 1980s? END
START how many housing units were built in the bronx in 2002-2007? END
START how much was invested in housing in the bronx in 2002-2007? END
START what was the largest armory in the world? END
START what is kingsbridge armory being turned into? END
START where is a la quinta being built in the bronx? END
START how much development space would a concourse yard platform provide? END
START how much would a concourse yard platform cost? END
START what's on the other side of the hudson from the bronx? END
START what county is tenafly in? END
START what state is alpine in? END
START what's on the other side of the harlem river from the bronx? END
START what's on the other side of the east river from the bronx? END
START where is the bronx's highest point? END
START what part of the bronx formerly a salt marsh? END
START what are the bronx's four low peninsulas? END
START what is rodman's neck between? END
START how long is the bronx's shoreline? END
START when did nyc buy land for its parks? END
START how many types of trees are in crotona park? END
START how large is crotona park's lake? END
START when was the jerome park reservoir built? END
START what do the ny botanical gardens preserve? END
START what is screvin's neck also called? END
START in what river does the bronx have 4 peninsulas? END
START what is nyc's largest park? END
START where is pelham bay park? END
START what parts of the bronx have more hills? END
START what parts of west bronx are more affluent? END
START what is nyc's 4th-largest park? END
START where is van cortlandt park? END
START what is the grand concourse? END
START why has the supposed size of the 'south bronx' grown? END
START when was fordham road being used as the limit of the south bronx area? END
START which river is the eastern edge of the south bronx? END
START which stadium is in the south bronx? END
START which direction does the cross bronx expressway run through the south bronx? END
START what in the bronx has been compared to broadway? END
START what is the main retail area of the south bronx? END
START which streets demarcate the hub bid? END
START what is the hub's nickname? END
START what shape is the hub? END
START how much land was the gateway center at bronx terminal market built on? END
START how much did the gateway center at bronx terminal market cost? END
START how many floors does the gateway center at bronx terminal market's parking garage have? END
START how many cars can the gateway center at bronx terminal market's parking garage hold? END
START what part of manhattan are the west bronx's streets similar to? END
START what is the lowest street number seen in the bronx? END
START what was the bronx called in the mid-19th century? END
START when was the bronx added to nyc? END
START how much of the bronx's population is hispanic? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic black? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic white? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic asian? END
START how much of the bronx's population is non-hispanic multiracial? END
START how much of the bronx speaks spanish at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks english at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks african languages at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks french at home? END
START how much of the bronx speaks chinese at home? END
START how much of the bronx is white (including hispanic) as of 2009? END
START how much of the bronx was non-hispanic white as of 1980? END
START how much of the bronx was non-hispanic white as of 2009? END
START how many white people live in the bronx? END
START how many non-hispanic white people live in the bronx? END
START how much of the bronx's population is black (including hispanic)? END
START how much of the bronx's population is black (not including hispanic)? END
START how many bronx residents called themselves "sub-saharan african" in 2009? END
START what percent of bronx residents called themselves "sub-saharan african" in 2009? END
START how many people in the bronx are black (not including hispanic)? END
START what percent of the bronx is hispanic and latino americans? END
START what percent of the bronx is puerto rican? END
START what percent of the bronx is mexican? END
START what percent of the bronx is cuban? END
START what percent of the bronx is asian? END
START how many multiracial people live in the bronx? END
START what percent of the bronx is multiracial? END
START what percent of the bronx has mixed caucasian and african american heritage? END
START what percent of the bronx has mixed caucasian and native american heritage? END
START what percent of the bronx has mixed caucasian and asian heritage? END
START when was the 'one man, one vote' decision? END
START which amendment contains the equal protection clause? END
START when were borough presidents created? END
START when was the board of estimate found unconstitutional? END
START why was the board of estimate found unconstitutional? END
START when did carrion jr. retire as borough president? END
START when was carrion jr. first elected borough president? END
START when was carrion jr. re-elected borough president? END
START who succeeded carrion jr.? END
START when was diaz jr. elected? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did clinton get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did obama get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did mccain get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did romney get? END
START in the 2008 primary, how much of the bronx vote did huckabee get? END
START who did the bronx support for president in 1928? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1916 did hughes get? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1916 did wilson get? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1916 did benson get? END
START how much of the bronx's vote in 1948 did truman get? END
START who was the only republican mayor candidate to win the bronx since 1914? END
START who did the bronx vote against for mayor in 1997? END
START who did the bronx vote against for mayor in 2005? END
START what party was hillquit? END
START how much of the bronx vote did hillquit get in 1917? END
START how many students attended the bronx public noncharter schools as of 2000? END
START how many students attended the bronx public and private schools as of 2000? END
START which religious organizations run private schools in the bronx? END
START which entity runs the bronx's public noncharter schools? END
START what percent of the bronx population has a high school diploma, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the bronx population has a university degree, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the brooklyn population has a high school diploma, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the staten island population has a high school diploma, as of 2000? END
START what percent of the manhattan population has a university degree, as of 2000? END
START which of nyc's prestigious nonreligious private schools are in the bronx? END
START where is the high school for violin and dance? END
START where is the validus prepatory academy? END
START where is the school for excellence? END
START where is the dewitt clinton high school? END
START when did nyc begin splitting up the large bronx high schools? END
START which bronx schools have been closed or made smaller? END
START what type of schools is nyc now working on shrinking? END
START when did a pbs documentary air about the bronx's music history? END
START what pbs documentary covered the bronx's music history? END
START where did dj kool herc hold parties? END
START who produced 'from mambo to hip hop'? END
START where is 1520 sedgwick? END
START who were the herculoids? END
START what is 'the boogie down'? END
START where is big pun from? END
START what types of music did hip hop emerge from? END
START who started bdp? END
START when did the first yankee stadium open? END
START where was the first yankee stadium? END
START how many times have the yankees won the world series? END
START which historic great players have played at yankee stadium? END
START what league are the ny yankees in? END
START where are many of the bronx's playwrights from? END
START how many seats does the pregones' new theater have? END
START what does the pregones specialize in? END
START when did the pregones' new theater open? END
START where is the pregones' new theater? END
START when did the bronx museum of the arts open? END
START what types of art does the bronx museum of the arts focus on? END
START how large are the bronx museum of the arts' galleries? END
START how many works are in the bronx museum of the arts' permanent collection? END
START who designed the bronx museum of the arts' 2006 expansion? END
START when was the lorelei fountain written about? END
START where was heinrich heine born? END
START when was heine born? END
START when did heine die? END
START what ethnicity is carl schurz? END
START when did herter die? END
START when was herter born? END
START what was herter's career? END
START where was herter's heine memorial placed in 1899? END
START where was herter's heine memorial moved in 1999? END
START who designed the city island historical society and nautical museum's building? END
START what was the city island historical society and nautical museum's building originally? END
START where is the ny maritime college? END
START what is 'scullers' row'? END
START which river is near the new york botanical gardens? END
START what does the inner city press now focus on? END
START who is the riverdale press's editor? END
START when did stein win a pulitzer? END
START why did stein win a pulitzer? END
START where did stein graduate from? END
START where is the official city tv station broadcast from? END
START what channel in the bronx does cablevision run? END
START what is the bronx's only 4-year cuny college? END
START when was 'from this day forward' released? END
START where was 'from this day forward' set? END
START when was 'the catered affair' released? END
START what did 'the catered affair' explore? END
START what was 'summer of sam' about? END
START where was arson a big problem in the bronx? END
START when was the phrase "the bronx is burning" first widespread? END
START who made a documentary called "the bronx is burning"? END
START who published an editorial called "the bronx is burning"? END
START who made a film called 'bronx burning'? END
START when was 'the wanderers' published? END
START when was 'the wanderers' movie released? END
START when was 'the warriors' movie released? END
START when was 'a bronx tale' released? END
START when was 'fort apache' released? END
START when was 'fuga dal bronx' released? END
START what origin was 'escape 2000'? END
START when was 'true love' released? END
START what genre was 'true love'? END
START who starred in 'true love'? END
START when did "awakenings" come out? END
START whose real story is 'awakenings' based on? END
START what is sacks' career? END
START when was 'a kind of alaska' performed? END
START who wrote 'a kind of alaska'? END
START when was 'city boy: the adventures of herbie bookbinder' published? END
START how much of 'city boy: the adventures of herbie bookbinder' is set in the bronx? END
START who wrote 'city boy: the adventures of herbie bookbinder'? END
START when was 'the grand concourse' published? END
START who wrote 'the grand concourse'? END
START who wrote 'bonfire of the vanities'? END
START when was 'bonfire of the vanities' published? END
START who was the main character of 'bonfire of the vanities'? END
START what race was sherman mccoy? END
START where did mccoy get lost? END
START what action in 2007 by national governments prevented the collapse of large financial institutions? END
START how much estimated consumer wealth was lost as a result of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what is the date the active phase of the financial crisis began as a liquidity crisis? END
START what year did the global recession that followed the financial crisis of 2007 end? END
START what was the name of the company that terminated withdrawals from three hedge funds in 2007 citing a liquidity crisis? END
START what year did the u.s. housing bubble peak? END
START what year did congress pass the american recover and reinvestment act? END
START overvaluation of bundled subprime mortgages was based on the theory that housing prices would continue to do this? END
START one of the causes of the financial crisis was easier access to loans by this type borrower? END
START in 2007, banks and insurance companies did not have adequate holdings of which type to back their financial commitments? END
START what is the name of the u.s. senate report giving their conclusions for the cause of the crisis? END
START which act was repealed in 1999 effectively removing the separation between investment and deposit banks? END
START what is the name of the commission who concluded the financial crisis was avoidable? END
START what agency failed to accurately price risk involved in mortgage-related financial products? END
START what practices should have been adjusted by governments to address 21st-century financial markets? END
START what are mbs as related to the housing and credit booms? END
START what are cdo as related to the housing and credit booms? END
START when housing prices declined, who reported significant losses from being heavily invested in subprime mbs? END
START who could invest in the u.s. housing market through mbs and cdo? END
START mbs and cdo derive their value from? END
START what year did the foreclosure epidemic begin? END
START how much are total losses estimated to be from falling home prices? END
START what is the financial incentive when a home is worth less than the mortgage loan? END
START what other financial instruments had significant defaults and losses as a result of the crisis expanding from housing to other parts of the economy? END
START what continues to drain consumer wealth and erode the strength of banks? END
START what institutions comprise the shadow banking system? END
START what institutions are not subject to the same regulations as commercial banks? END
START what process caused the financial system to both expand and become fragile? END
START what policy has u.s. government emphasized from the 1970's onward? END
START since the 1970's, what has emphasized deregulation to encourage business, but resulted in less oversight and less disclosure? END
START some regulated banks did not have sufficient financial cushions in place to absorb what losses as a result of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what was a consequence of the large loan defaults and mbs losses in 2007? END
START who provided funds to encourage lending and restore faith in commercial banks in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START who bailed out key financial institutions and implemented economic stimulus programs as an answer to the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what impacted the ability of financial institutions to lend in the financial crisis of 2007? END
START when did the u.s. financial crisis inquiry commission report its findings? END
START what was one of  the conclusions of the u.s. financial crisis inquiry commission regarding the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what agency failed to stem the tide of toxic mortgages contributing to the financial crisis of 2007? END
START who was not prepared for the financial crisis in 2007 by lacking a full understanding of the financial system? END
START which business sector contributed to the financial crisis by acting recklessly and taking on too much risk? END
START what caused mortgage lenders to relax underwriting standards and approve riskier mortgages? END
START in what year were high underwriting standards relaxed? END
START what years were the worst mortgage loans originated? END
START what years had the most intense competition between securitizers and the lowest market share for gses? END
START who policed mortgage originators and maintained relatively high standards prior to 2003? END
START how many democratic appointees wrote the majority report of the financial crisis inquiry commission? END
START who claimed that the gse never purchased subprime loans - a claim that is widely disputed? END
START several reports written by various agencies  concluded that which policy was not the primary cause of the financial crisis? END
START how many republican appointees wrote the minority report of the financial crisis inquiry commission? END
START according to reports, which loans performed better than some loans securitized by private investment banks? END
START which government-sponsored entities had massive risky loan purchases? END
START how many estimated substandard loans did fannie and freddie have in 2008?  END
START what was the value of the estimated 13 million substandard loans held by fannie and freddie in 2008? END
START how many ex-executives of fannie and freddie were named in the sec's december 2011 securities fraud case? END
START peter j. wallison believes that the one of the roots of the financial crisis can be traced to affordable housing policies by which agency in the 1990s? END
START which administration called for investigation into the soundness of gses in the early and mid-2000s? END
START who uncovered accounting discrepancies in fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START on what date did the house financial services committee hold a hearing to assess safety and soundness issues regarding fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START what was the result of the house financial services committee on september 10, 2003 regarding fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START who rebuked ofheo in 2003 for their attempt at regulation of fannie mae and freddie mac? END
START what was the value of mortgage lending made by community reinvestment act covered lenders to low and mid level income borrowers and neighborhoods from 1993-1998? END
START what percent of mortgage lending was made by community reinvestment act covered lenders from 1993 to 1998? END
START what does cra stand for? END
START what percent of sub-prime lending occurred at cra-covered institutions in the run-up to the financial crisis? END
START what percent of sub-prime loans had some connection with cra in the run-up to the financial crisis? END
START when did cra make rule changes to relax underwriting standards? END
START how much were cra loan commitments between 1994 and 2007? END
START what was the federal reserve's assumption regarding what makes a loan subprime? END
START how did the federal reserve classify cra loans? END
START when were ultra-low interest rates initiated by the federal reserve? END
START what financial innovation enabled investment banks and hedge funds to make large wagers? END
START credit default swaps, collateralized debt obligations and cdos are all types of what? END
START which magazine had an article where michael lewis spoke with a trader about bad loans? END
START what financial innovation allows investment banks and hedge banks to make large wagers? END
START what are some names of derivatives? END
START peter j. wallison believes that the huge number of these loans led to the financial crisis? END
START what type downpayments do substandard loans generally have? END
START according to peter j. wallison, why did the u.s. residential housing bubble led to financial crisis? END
START other countries had large residential housing bubbles that deflated during what years? END
START peter j. wallison's conclusions regarding the financial crisis are not in agreement with this economist's views? END
START who believed that the growth of the commercial real estate bubble indicated that u.s. housing policy was not the cause of the crisis? END
START when did xudong an and anthony b. sanders issue a report about commercial mortgage-backed securities? END
START according to business journalist kimberly amadeo, when did the first signs of decline in real estate occur? END
START what are cmbs? END
START according to most analysts, what crisis took place after the crisis in residential real estate? END
START what is one investment assigned safe ratings by the credit rating agencies? END
START how much was invested worldwide in fixed income investments? END
START how much did the pool of money invested worldwide in fixed income investments grow in size from 2000 to 2007? END
START what is an example of a product wall street invented to answer the demand for income generating investments? END
START in the 2000s, investors were seeking higher yields than those offered by this investment? END
START what is the name of the securities that enabled financial institutions to obtain investor funds to finance subprime? END
START what was the outcome of collateralized debt obligations? END
START what type ratings did securities first in line receive from rating agencies? END
START what type pool do collateralized debt obligations place their payments from mortgages into? END
START what securities had lower credit ratings but potentially a higher rate of return? END
START how much had average u.s. housing prices declined by september 2008? END
START when was the peak of u.s. housing prices? END
START how many foreclosure proceedings were initiated by lenders in 2007? END
START what was the percentage increase on foreclosure proceedings from 2007 to 2008? END
START how many u.s. mortgages were either delinquent or in foreclosure by september 2009? END
START was was the federal funds rate target lowered to by the federal reserve in 2003? END
START what is one reason the federal reserve lowered the federal funds rate target to 1.0% in 2003? END
START in the early 2000s, what type bubble did some economists believe the fed needed to create to replace the nasdaq bubble? END
START what contributed greatly to the severity of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what encouraged borrowing from 2000 to 2003? END
START per bernanke, how much did the u.s. current account deficit increase between 1996 and 2004? END
START what percentage of gdp was the u.s. current account deficit in 2004? END
START what emerging economies did the u.s. borrow money from between 1996 and 2004 to finance its imports? END
START what type account is needed by the u.s. to balance an account deficit? END
START where did the u.s. obtain capital to finance its imports? END
START when did the fed begin raising fed funds rate significantly? END
START what does arm stand for: END
START how do asset prices generally move in relation to interest rates? END
START beginning in july 2004, what did the fed do to make arm rates more expensive for homeowners? END
START how did u.s. housing and financial assets react to the housing bubble burst? END
START richard m. bowen iii testified to the financial crisis inquiry commission regarding his tenure at which financial institution? END
START how many underwriters was richard m. bowen iii responsible for at citigroup? END
START what percent of mortgages purchased by citigroup in 2006 were defective? END
START in 2006, how many mortgage companies were contractually responsible to meet citi's standards? END
START during 2007, what was the percent of defective mortgages not underwritten to citi's standards? END
START who was the largest residential loan due diligence and securitization surveillance company? END
START according to clayton holdings, how many mortgages issued from january 2006 to june 2007 met underwriting standards? END
START how many investment and commercial banks were included in clayton holdings' analysis of january 2006 to june 2007 loans?  END
START per clayton's analysis of loans issued from january 2006 to june 2007, what percent of loans did not meet minimal standards of any issuer? END
START how many mortgage loans did clayton holdings review in their analysis? END
START what is the name for lending that entices borrowers to enter into unsafe secured loans? END
START what company used a classic bait-and-switch method by advertising low interest rates? END
START which type loan would the consumer be put into instead of the 1% or 1.5% interest rate loan as advertised? END
START what was created when the interest charged was greater than the amount of interest paid? END
START what type predatory lending method did countrywide financial use? END
START who sued countrywide for unfair business practices and false advertising? END
START what type mortgages allowed homeowners to make interest-only payments? END
START what happened to home equity when housing prices decreased? END
START who made the decision to seize countrywide after their financial condition deteriorated? END
START what type credit did borrowers obtaining mortgages from countrywide have? END
START what economist believed that regulations did not keep up with financial innovation? END
START who was the u.s. treasury secretary dealing with the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007? END
START which group's study suggested that basel accords encourage unconventional business practices? END
START it has been argued that what did not keep up with financial innovation? END
START what accords possibly contributed to or reinforced the financial crisis? END
START what did financial institutions do prior to the crisis? END
START what type financial instruments are off-balance sheet securitization and derivatives? END
START who bailed out financial institutions? END
START which option was nearly impossible for financial institutions to reorganize under? END
START what are the type financial instruments that were difficult for creditors and regulators to monitor? END
START how many u.s. investment banks significantly increased their financial leverage from 2004 to 2007? END
START u.s. investment banks increased their financial leverage and also increased their vulnerability to what? END
START changes in what intended to keep u.s. banks competitive with their european counterparts? END
START how much debt did the top five u.s. investment banks report in fiscal year 2007? END
START what financial institution went bankrupt and was liquidated in 2007? END
START what is an example of something that can be detrimental if too many individuals pursue the same behavior? END
START what is it called when too many consumers attempt to save or pay down debt at the same time? END
START what will happen if too many consumers save or pay down debt simultaneously? END
START who is the economist who described a "paradox of deleveraging"? END
START financial institutions cannot all de-leverage simultaneously without a decline in the value of this? END
START who was the u.s. federal reserve vice-chair in april 2009? END
START what happened soon after the massive credit crunch hit? END
START what deepened the credit crunch when demand and employment fell? END
START what was one of the actions businesses took to preserve cash? END
START what occurred in nearly every corner of the economy after the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what term refers to the ongoing development of financial products? END
START what is an example of financial innovation pertinent to the financial crisis? END
START what is the abbreviation for a form of credit insurance called credit default swaps? END
START what is the financial innovation that bundles subprime mortgages? END
START what happened to the usage of financial innovation products in the years leading up the financial crisis? END
START when did the issuance of cdo peak? END
START what was the estimated value of cdo issuance in q1 2004? END
START what was the estimated value of cdo issuance at it's peak in q1 2007? END
START what percent of cdo assets were subprime and other non-prime mortgage debt in 2007? END
START what was the estimated value of cdo issuance in q1 2008? END
START which products created more complexity in the financial markets? END
START what effect did the introduction of innovative financial products have on a single mortgage? END
START what did institutions rely more on as increasing distance from underlying assets occurred? END
START what is a type of indirect information that financial institutions and investors used to judge the risk? END
START in what year did a group of computer scientists build a model for ratings produced by rating agencies that turned out to be accurate for what happened in 2006-2008? END
START what is a measurement of pricing of risk? END
START what is the incremental compensation required by investors for taking on addition risk called? END
START according to several scholars, what prevented markets from correctly pricing risk before the crisis? END
START how should risk levels have been disclosed according to several scholars? END
START what was the outcome of the financial crisis since risk levels were not adequately disclosed? END
START what did market participants fail to measure accurately? END
START what are the reasons market participants did not understand the impact financial innovation products would have? END
START how much did jpmorgan estimate was the average recovery rate for high quality cdos that had been liquidated? END
START how much did jpmorgan estimate was the average recovery rate for mezzanine cdos that had been liquidated? END
START how much did banks estimate was the value of cdos sold between late 2005 to the middle of 2007? END
START what firm insured obligations of various financial institutions using credit default swaps? END
START what does the abbreviation cds stand for? END
START when did the government take over aig? END
START how much money did taxpayers provide in government support to aig during 2008 and early 2009? END
START what did aig receive for promising to pay party a in the event that party b defaulted? END
START who commented that the super-boom got out of hand when products became so complicated that risk could not be accurately calculated? END
START what happened to financial assets that made them harder to value? END
START who did rating agencies rely on for information to rate financial innovation products? END
START when authorities could no longer calculate the risks of complex financial innovation products, who did they rely on for information? END
START who reassured investors by showing the risk of complex financial innovation products was actually less than they proved to be? END
START what led to bad investments by asset managers in over-priced credit assets? END
START who is compensated based on the volume of client assets they have under management? END
START what is the incentive for asset managers to expand their assets under management? END
START what did many asset managers decide to do to the detriment of their clients? END
START what rationale did asset managers who continued to invest in over-priced investments to the detriment of their clients use? END
START who published "credit correlation: life after copulas" in 2007? END
START when did relevant warnings and research on cdos appear in an article by donnelly and embrechts? END
START the volume "credit correlation: life after copulas" summarizes a 2006 conference held by what firm in london? END
START what did the volume "credit correlation: life after copulas" propose models to rectify? END
START what year did the book by brigo, pallavicini and torresetti report warnings and research on cdos? END
START who was president and ceo of the new york federal reserve bank in june 2008? END
START what year did timothy geithner become u.s. treasury secretary? END
START in a june 2008 speech, timoty geithner placed blame for credit market freezing on which system? END
START what is the "parallel" banking system also called? END
START what is the term defined as being vulnerable by borrowing short-term in liquid markets to purchase long-term illiquid and risky assets? END
START when did the securitization markets supported by the shadow banking systems start to close down? END
START when did the securitization markets supported by the shadow banking system nearly shut-down completely? END
START how much of the private credit markets become unavailable as a source of funds? END
START what is the firm who reported that the traditional banking system does not have capital to close the gap as of june 2009? END
START how many years would of strong profit would it take to generate enough capital to support additional lending? END
START what economist testified to the financial crisis inquiry commission in january 2010? END
START in january 2010, what markets did mark zandi testify about that remain impaired and investors anticipate more loan losses? END
START what was the value of cdos at their peak in 2006? END
START what was the private issuance of cdos in 2009? END
START almost all of the asset-backed issuance in 2009 was supported by what federal reserve program? END
START following the collapse in the housing bubble, what happened to a number of commodity prices? END
START how much did the price of oil increase from early 2007 to 2008? END
START what did the price of oil began doing when the financial crisis began to take hold in late 2008? END
START what is one of the reasons experts believe contributed to the volatilaty in oil prices in 2008?  END
START consumers tend to have less money to spend on other goods, when the price of which commodity is higher? END
START who was the former director of the cftc that testified before the senate committee on commerce, science, and transportation on june 3, 2008? END
START who did michael greenberger erronesously name as a key player in speculative run-up of oil futures? END
START who founded the atlanta-based intercontinental exchange? END
START who purchased the international petroleum exchange in 2001? END
START where are regulated future exchanges located? END
START who is one of the feminist economists that believe the financial crisis revealed a crisis of mainstream economics and call for a complete reshaping of the economy? END
START feminist economists ailsa mckay and margunn bjornhold believe that the financial crisis and response reveal a crisis of ideas in this? END
START according to feminist economists mckay and bjornholt, would type economics should be included in a reshaping? END
START what do economists mckay and bjornholt want to occur in the economy, economic theory, and economics profession? END
START who was the current governor of the reserve bank of india that predicted the crisis in 2005? END
START when did raghuram rajan become chief economist the the international monetary fund? END
START in 2005, where did rajan deliver a controversial paper that was critical of the financial paper? END
START what was the name of raghuram rajan's controversial paper delivered in 2005? END
START what are risks called that generate severe adverse consequences with small probability but generous compensation the rest of the time? END
START who was one of the only mainstream economist to predict the financial crisis? END
START what did raghuram rajan speak of? END
START who credit 12 heterodox economists with predicting the crisis in his research credits? END
START how did the austrian economic school regard the crisis? END
START which former fed chair confessed in congressional testimony to being forced to return to lax monetary supply? END
START which magazine ran a cover story claiming that most economists failed to the the financial crisis? END
START the financial crisis of 2007 was the worst economic crisis since which crisis that occurred in the 1930s? END
START which school at university of pennsylvania examined in their online business journal why economists failed to predict the crisis? END
START which economist did the new york times state warned of a crisis as early as september 2006? END
START what was economist roubini called by the new york times for predicting a collapse of the housing market? END
START who wrote the 2007 book the black swan? END
START what journalist from the new york times stated his believe in nassim nicholas taleb? END
START what did nassim nicholas taleb warn about for years prior to the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what did nassim nicholas taleb make a fortune on by making a big financial bet? END
START who is the market strategist that believes distinctions exist between the current crisis and the great depression? END
START how much did the dow jones average fall during a period of 17 months? END
START what was the percentage the dow jones fell in the great depression? END
START who was the chief financial correspondent of the new york times in march 2009? END
START which medium sized british bank was the first victim of the financial crisis? END
START who did northern rock request security from? END
START when did northern rock investors panic and a bank run begin? END
START when was northern rock taken into public hands? END
START which bank early problems in 2007 were an indicator of the troubles that would soon befall other banks and financial institutions? END
START which financial institution was the first one visible to run into trouble in the united states? END
START who was southern california-based indymac a spin-off of? END
START before its failure, which savings and loan association was the seventh largest mortgage originator in the united states? END
START on what date did indymac fail? END
START who was indymac's parent corporation? END
START indymac often made loans without verifying what? END
START what was questionable on indymac's underlying collateral? END
START indymac gave loans to borrower's with what type credit histories? END
START indymac offered this type of questionable loans to borrowers? END
START indymac resisted efforts by regulators to tighten this criteria of their loans? END
START when did moody's and standard & poor downgrade a significant number of indymac's mbs bonds? END
START what was the value of indymac's mbs bonds retained in its mbs portfolio that were downgraded in april 2008? END
START what was one of the agencies that downgraded a significant number of indymac's mbs bonds in april 2008? END
START if indymac's downgraded mbs bond ratings had been in effect at march 31, 2008, what would the bank's capital ratio have been? END
START what is a well capitalized ratio? END
START who is the senator that asked fdic if it had considered ordering indymac to reduce its reliance on brokered deposits? END
START what does the abbreviation fdic stand for? END
START how much of indymac's total deposits of $18.9 billion on march 31, 2008 were considered brokered deposits? END
START had the fdic disallowed indymac from acquiring new brokered deposits on this date, the threat of brokered deposit losses would have been $500 million a month? END
START how much was the threat of brokered deposit losses per month to indymac? END
START what was the value of loans indymac was forced to hold when the secondary mortgage market collapsed in late 2007? END
START how much in deposits did account holders withdraw from indymac in late june 2008? END
START what percent of indymac's deposits were withdrawn by account holders in late june 2008? END
START who is the senator that released a letter to the fdic and ots that prompted a "run" on indymac? END
START what was the underlying cause of the failure on indymac? END
START on what date did the fdic put indymac bank into conservatorship? END
START what was the name of the bridge bank established to assume control of indymac bank's assets, liabilities and deposit accounts? END
START on what date did the fdic plan to open indymac federal bank, fsb? END
START what is the maximum amount of funds the fdic guarantees in insured accounts? END
START how many indymac account holders held funds in excess of the fdic's insured amount of us$100,000? END
START how many mortgage lenders went bankrupt during 2007 and 2008? END
START who is the investment bank that was feared to collapse in march 2008 and was sold in a fire-sale to jp morgan chase? END
START when did the financial institution crisis hit its peak? END
START when did lehman's former ceo appear before representative henry a. waxman? END
START what firm filed the largest bankruptcy in u.s. history? END
START when did the financial crisis hit its most critical stage? END
START the equivalent of a bank run on which funds occurred in september 2008? END
START what do money market funds frequently invest in? END
START how much was withdrawn from money markets during one week in september 2008? END
START what was the record high for the ted spread on october 10, 2008? END
START economist paul krugman explained the credit crisis via the implosion of which system? END
START what is the system with nearly equal the importance of traditional commercial banking? END
START the shadow banking system could not provide funds to mortgage firms and other corporations without the ability to obtain which funds? END
START what was timothy geithner's position during the fall of 2008? END
START how much of the u.s. lending mechanism was frozen until june 2009? END
START what is the primary cause of the reduction in funds available for borrowing? END
START what institution reported that the traditional banking systems does not have the capital to close the gap in the lending mechanism? END
START what is likely to vanish forever, as a result of excessively loose credit conditions? END
START as of june 2009, the brookings institution reports that traditional banking system does not have enough of what to close the lending gap? END
START how much net worth did americans lose between june 2007 and november 2008? END
START in november 2008, how much was the u.s. stock index down from its 2007 high? END
START in november 2008, how much had housing prices drop from their 2006 peak? END
START how much was home equity valued in the united states at its peak in 2006? END
START how much was home equity valued in the united states in mid-2008? END
START according to economist dean baker, a homeowner who has no equity if this type default risk? END
START what is one of the major problems with the economy in november 2008? END
START how many homeowners who had substantial equity in their homes two years ago, have little no equity as of november 2008? END
START what does the creditworthiness of businesses depend on? END
START how did profit prospects for businesses look in november 2008 compared to november 2007? END
START in 2008, what type collapse was feared? END
START what investment bank stated on october 6 that 2008 would see a global recession lasting for at least two years? END
START on october 16, 2008, how long did ubs predict the united states' recession would last? END
START relative to the size of its economy, what country's banking collapse was the largest experienced by any country in economic history? END
START what was one of the actions taken by government to fix the financial crisis? END
START according to the brookings institution report in june 2009, how much growth did u.s. consumption account for between 2000 and 2007? END
START for the first quarter of 2009, what was the annualized rate of decline in gdp in germany? END
START for the first quarter of 2009, what was the annualized rate of decline in gdp in mexico? END
START who depended on the u.s. consumer as a source of global demand? END
START what is one reason for the decline in growth around the world in 2009? END
START what is the growth forecast for cambodia in 2009? END
START how much were remittances sent from migrant workers in 2007? END
START how many people live below the poverty line in bangladesh? END
START what does bruno wenn of the german deg recommend to attract new investors? END
START according to overseas development institute, what is one reason for the reduction in growth in developing countries? END
START what area of the world was less severely affected by the credit crunch according to the world bank report in february 2009? END
START what does the abbreviation fdi stand for? END
START arab countries entered the financial crisis in exceptionally strong positions giving them a cushion against this? END
START what will have the greatest impact on the global economic crisis? END
START what is the single most important determinant of economic performance? END
START what was the annual rate of decrease for the output of goods and services produced by labor and property in 4q 2008 and 1q 2009? END
START what was the u.s. unemployment rate in october 2009? END
START the u.e. employment rate was 10.2% in october 2009, which was the highest rate since what year? END
START what was the average hours per work week in october 2009? END
START the decline of gross domestic product also caused a decline in innovation, evidenced by the flat-lining of what? END
START how many of the poorest families did not have any wealth decline during the financial crisis? END
START in a federal reserve survey of 4,000 households, what percent reported wealth decline between 2007 and 2009? END
START how many of the richest families had a decrease in total wealth between 2007 and 2009? END
START how many families at the bottom of the pyramid had a decrease in total wealth between 2007 and 2009? END
START which families experienced the least decline in wealth between 2007 and 2009? END
START on november 3, 2008, who predicted extremely weak gdp growth for the eurozone in 2009? END
START how much did the european commission estimate the gdp growth for eurozone countries would be in 2009? END
START how much did the european commission estimate the gdp growth for the uk would be in 2009? END
START on november 6, in washington, d.c., who predicted a worldwide recession for 2009? END
START on november 5, 2008, the bank of england reduced their interest rate from 4.5% to what? END
START what have central banks around the world done to avoid the risk of a deflationary spiral? END
START what have governments done to offset the reduction in private sector demand? END
START what is the u.s. federal reserve's traditional role during a crisis? END
START what did the u.s. federal reserve do to increase access to liquidity? END
START what type decline does lower wages and higher unemployment lead to? END
START what brought the global financial system to the brink of collapse? END
START how much government debt and troubled private assets did central banks purchase during the last quarter of 2008? END
START how much preferred stock did governments of european nations and the usa purchase in their major banks? END
START in october 2010, who was the nobel laureate that explained how the u.s. federal reserve was creating currency to combat the liquidity trap? END
START what did the banks chose to do with the money created by the federal reserve instead of financing more domestic loans and refinancing mortgages? END
START what was introduced by president barack obama in june 2009? END
START what was one of the items important to consumers that was addressed by the new regulatory proposals introduced in june 2009? END
START regulations were proposed by obama in january 2010 to limit the ability of banks to engage in which type trading? END
START who were proposed new regulations called "the volcker rule" named after? END
START who publicly argued for changes limiting the ability of banks to engage in proprietary trading? END
START when did the u.s. senate first pass a financial reform bill? END
START when did the u.s. house first pass a financial reform bill? END
START what rule against proprietary trading was not part of legislation passed by either the senate or house? END
START which bill gave regulators the discretion to prohibit proprietary trades? END
START what did european regulators introduce to increase the oversight of banks? END
START critics argue that basel iii doesn't address which problem? END
START who argued that regulations led to excessive lending to risky governments? END
START what was increased by basel iii regulations? END
START what term describes creating risk-free assets out of high risk collateral? END
START when did the u.s. recession that began in december 2007 end? END
START when did the financial crisis appear to have ended? END
START what was the name of the article that appeared in time magazine in april 2009 declaring the crisis over? END
START on what date did president barack obama declare that the markets are stabilized? END
START when does the united states financial crisis inquiry commission date the crisis to? END
START who led global economic growth after the financial crisis? END
START how much global gdp did emerging and developing economies account for from 2007 to 2014? END
START how much global gdp did "advanced" economies account for from 2007 to 2014? END
START what economies led global economic growth prior to the financial crisis? END
START what relationship between advanced and emerging/developing was completely overturned by the financial crisis of 2007? END
START what ocean does portugal border? END
START what other country does portugal border? END
START what is the longest uninterrupted border within the european union? END
START where is portugal located? END
START how long is the portugal-spain border? END
START what two autonomous regions have their own governments in portugal? END
START who were the first inhabitants of portugal? END
START which two groups followed the first inhabitants? END
START by what year had portugal established itself as an independent kingdom? END
START what age did portugal pioneer? END
START in which centuries did portugal establish the first global empire? END
START in portugal, which city was destroyed in the 1755 earthquake? END
START in which year did brazel become independent? END
START in which year was the portugal monarchy deposed? END
START which portugese colony was lost to china in 1999? END
START how many portugese speakers are there today? END
START what form of government does portugal maintain? END
START what is portugal's social progress ranking? END
START which three western european countries have a lower social progress ranking than portugal? END
START what are three international organizations that portugal belongs to? END
START in 2001, portugal was the first country in the world to do what? END
START from what name is portugal derived? END
START by what group was the portugal region settled? END
START to what four peoples did the settlement of portugal give rise? END
START during what years was the portugal region incorporated in the roman republic? END
START from what old germanic word is alenquer originate? END
START in what year did lusitania become a roman province? END
START what was the northern province of lusitania known as? END
START what are castros? END
START what are two large roman sites that still exist today in portugal? END
START how far apart are conimbriga and coimbra? END
START how long did it take the umayyad caliphate to defeat the visigoths? END
START in what year did portugal become a part of umayyad caliphate's empire? END
START in which year did umayyad caliphate's empire collapse? END
START under whom did the western part of umayyad caliphate's empire gain its independence? END
START how long did it take the emirate to become the caliphate of codoba? END
START what were the governors of the taifas called? END
START which which kingdoms did the taifas establish diplomatic relations? END
START to which taifa did most of portugal fall into? END
START in which year did the taifa period end? END
START which battle took place in 1147? END
START what are converts to islam called? END
START who did the arabs principally consist of? END
START where were the berbers originally from? END
START in which region of portugal did the muslim population stay? END
START how many modern portugese words have arabic origins? END
START what was pelayos' plan? END
START against which group of people was pelayos fighting? END
START in which battle did pelayos defeat the moors? END
START in which year was pelayos proclaimed king? END
START what was the war of christian reconquest, started by pelayos, known as in portugese? END
START who annexed the county of portugal into the kingdom of asturias? END
START in which year was vimara peres knighted? END
START what was vimara knighted as? END
START what three names did portugal become known as after vimara peres was knighted? END
START why was the kingdom of asturias divided? END
START who was the eldest son of alfonso iii and what did he become king of? END
START who was the second son of alfonso iii and what did he become king of? END
START who was alfonso iii's third son and what area did he receive? END
START in which year did alfonso iii likely die? END
START in which year was the kingdom of castile formed? END
START during the internecine struggles, what did the the people of country of portugal struggle with? END
START the county of portugal separated from the kingdom of galicia to establish what? END
START portugese diverged from which language?  END
START what is the castilian lanugage known as? END
START by which language was the astur-leonese replaced? END
START which years were plagued by the black death? END
START in 1373, portugal made an alliance with which country? END
START what is the longest standing alliance in the world? END
START the portugal-english alliance served as the predecessor to what? END
START in which portugese region is there still visible english influence? END
START what european age did portugal spearhead? END
START who was the father of prince henry the navigator? END
START which three atlantic archipelagos did portugal discover? END
START by which path did portugal discover a route to india? END
START what south american country did portugal discover? END
START who was the 1st marquis of pombal? END
START what title did archduchess maria anne josefa hold? END
START who arranged the widow de melo's second marriage? END
START who was de melo's second marriage to? END
START who was not pleased by de melo's second marriage? END
START did the king's confidence in de melo increase or decrease? END
START what title was given to de melo in 1755? END
START with whose economic success was de melo impressed with? END
START who abolished slavery in portugal? END
START who ended discrimination against difference christian sects in portugal? END
START what were de melo's greatest reforms? END
START why did e melo demarcate the region for production of port? END
START did de melo impose strict laws only on one class of people? END
START among which class did de melo's reforms gain him the most enemies? END
START who was the first person to try to ensure the wine's quality in portugal? END
START what type of natural disaster was the city center of lisbon designed to resist? END
START how were earthquakes simulated on the architectural models? END
START what are some of lisbon's tourist attractions? END
START how did de melo contribute to the study of seismology? END
START did lisbon suffer any epidemics from the calamity? END
START what happened to joseph i in 1758? END
START who was implicated in the attempted assassination of joseph i? END
START who was expelled from the country after the assassination attempt on joseph i? END
START what act finally broke the power of the aristocracy? END
START in what year did joseph i make his minister the count of oeiras? END
START was the new count of oeiras opposed by anyone after the tavora affair? END
START in which year was the count of oeiras made the marquis of pambal? END
START how long did the marquis of pombal rule portugal? END
START what did pombal's enlightenment promote at the expense of individual liberty? END
START what was pombal's "enlightenment" an apparatus for? END
START under whose occupation did portugal begin a slow decline? END
START how long did portugal's decline last? END
START in what year did brazil become independent from portugal? END
START to where did prince regent joao vi of portugal transfer his court? END
START what was the name of the pluricontinental state formed by portugal and brazil in 1815? END
START what provoked the modernization and expansion of the brazilian administrative, civic, economical, military, educational, and scientific apparatus? END
START portugese and british troops fought against the invasion of which country? END
START by what year had the situation in europe cool down enough so that joao vi would have been able to safely return to lisbon? END
START until when did the king of portugal remain in brazil? END
START where did the liberal revolution of 1820 begin? END
START when was the conference of berlin held? END
START why were the portugese africa territories' borders formally established? END
START during what period were the portugese africa's cities founded or redeveloped? END
START what new portugese africa's coastal towns were developed during the scramble for africa? END
START when were railroad tracks being installed portugese africa? END
START on what day were king dom carlos i and and his heir, prince royal dom luis filipe, duke of braganza, murdered? END
START under the rule of king dom carlos i, on what two days was portugal declared bankrupt? END
START who succeeded king dom carlos i as king? END
START on what day was king manuel ii overthrown? END
START during the portuguese first republic, what creating a fertile ground for chaos and unrest? END
START who led the estado novo? END
START in what year was the estado novo established? END
START how many european countries remained neutral throughout world war ii? END
START what action affirmed portugal's status as a transcontinental nation? END
START until when did the portuguese government resist decolonization of their overseas territories? END
START what was the carnation revolution? END
START by what was the prec characterized by? END
START what entity governed portugal until 1976? END
START which party won the portuguese election in 1976? END
START who became the prime minister of portugal in 1976? END
START through what years was mario soares the portuguese prime minister? END
START between which two political ideals did portugal bounce between? END
START in what year was the portuguese constitution approved? END
START for what reasons were the portuguese constitution rewritten? END
START what type of climate does portugal have? END
START in the mountainous interior north of portugal, between what degrees is the average temperature? END
START in the south of portugal and on the guadiana river basin, between what degrees does the average temperature fluctuate? END
START how high do the mountains between algarve and the alentejo region reach? END
START what type of climate do the archipelagos of the azores and madeira have? END
START what makes weather predictions difficult in the archipelago region? END
START what type of climate does the island of the azores have? END
START what two types of forests can be found in geres? END
START to what period does the laurissilva forest date back to? END
START what type of oak tree is colonizing many abandoned areas in portugal? END
START what wild animal was recently found roaming urban areas in portugal? END
START how many national parks does portugal have? END
START what is laurisilva? END
START what are some examples of  mammalian fauna found in laurisilva forests? END
START what type of animal crosses between europe and africa during the autumn? END
START how many freshwater fish species can be found in portugal? END
START in portugal, where can you find the giant european catfish? END
START why are some species becoming endangered in portugal? END
START what type of glowing species can be found on some beaches in portugal? END
START for how many years is the portugal president elected? END
START who is the current president of portugal? END
START how many deputies make up the assembly of the republic? END
START for how long of a term are deputies elected? END
START how many members sit on the constitutional court? END
START what two political parties dominate portugal's government? END
START at what three levels does the portugal government operate? END
START what other political groups exist other than the two dominant ones? END
START what percentage of the vote do the non-dominant parties get? END
START who is the head of state of portugal? END
START for how many years does each term of the president of the republic last? END
START by what means is the president of the republic elected? END
START who has the power to appoint and dismiss the prime minister? END
START what group acts as the presidential cabinet? END
START what process is required of each government's policies? END
START what is needed to reject a cabinet's policy? END
START portuguese law continues to be a major influence for what? END
START what is the policia de seguranca publica - psp (public security police)? END
START what is the policia judiciaria - pj (judicial police)? END
START which entity oversees the judicial police? END
START in which year did portugal decriminalize drug possession? END
START how much of a drug is legal to possess? END
START what option is allowed to those caught with small amounts of drugs? END
START by 2009, by how much had the rate of hiv infection decreased? END
START how many municipalities is portugal divided into? END
START how many civil parishes are the portuguese municipalities divided into? END
START how many districts is the continental portugal divided into? END
START how many branches make up the portuguese armed forces? END
START what are the branches of the portuguese armed forces? END
START what is the primary purpose of the portuguese armed forces? END
START how many women were in the portuguese armed forces in 2008? END
START how much money was spent on the portuguese armed forced in 2009? END
START what is the number of personnel in the army? END
START with what is the infantry brigade mainly equipped with? END
START what is the mechanized brigade mainly equipped with? END
START what does the rapid reaction brigade consist of? END
START how many personnel does the navy have? END
START in what two major conflicts did portugal engage in during the 20th century? END
START during which years was the portuguese colonial war fought? END
START in what countries have the portuguese armed forces participated in peacekeeping missions? END
START what are two examples of independent portuguese unilateral military operations conducted abroad? END
START who headed the government after the bailout was announced? END
START what was the purpose of the portuguese bailout? END
START how was the portuguese bailout implemented? END
START between 2010 and 2012, by what percentage were the wages of public servants cut? END
START between 1974 and 2010, how did the portuguese government encourage over-expenditure and investment bubbles? END
START by whom was a report published in 2011 that demonstrated the portuguese government encouraged over-expenditure and investment bubbles? END
START in what two years was there a financial crisis? END
START which two portuguese banks had been accumulating losses for years? END
START what caused bpn and bpp to accumulate losses? END
START why was the case of bpn more serious? END
START on what charge was bpn's ceo arrested? END
START what currency does portugal use? END
START what currency did the euro replace in portugal? END
START what is the name of portugal's central bank? END
START in what two areas are most portuguese industries, businesses, and financial institutions concentrated? END
START according to world travel awards, for what activity is portugal known as europe's leading destination? END
START in which year did the carnation revolution take place? END
START what period followed the carnation revolution? END
START since the 90's, how has portugal's economic development model been changing? END
START what are the more traditional industries that have existed in portugal? END
START what is portugal the world's leading producer of? END
START by what entities was the portuguese economy bailed out? END
START in what year was the economic bailout agreed to? END
START how much money was agreed to in the financial bailout? END
START when did portugal exit the bailout? END
START by the time portugal exited the bailout, to what percentage had the unemployment rate fallen? END
START upon what is portuguese agriculture based? END
START what types of companies back more large scale, export-oriented agrobusinesses in portugal? END
START what types of crops does portugal produce? END
START what types of livestock products does portugal produce? END
START which company is the world's oldest canned fish producer? END
START what are the names of various companies that produce and export fish products? END
START what food does portugal have one of the highest rates of consumption of? END
START what mineral is portugal ranked as a leading european producer of? END
START what are three types of minerals portugal is a notable producer of? END
START what type of exploration does portugal lack the potential for? END
START in which region does portugal have vast reserves of iron and coal? END
START what event triggered a decrease in the extraction of portugal's natural resources? END
START what automotive brands exist in portugal? END
START what aerospace companies exist in portugal? END
START where is volkswagen group's autoeuropa assembly plant located? END
START what are the main centers for the portuguese aerospace industries? END
START where are the main centers of the biotech and it industries located? END
START portuguese tourist numbers are expected to do what in the future? END
START with what area does portugal compete with for tourists? END
START how does portugal compete with other areas for tourists? END
START what attractions does portugal have to offer tourists? END
START what magazine described portugal as "a new sick man of europe?" END
START between 2002 and 2007, by what percentage did the rate of unemployment change? END
START what percentage did the unemployment rate reach in december, 2009? END
START in 2009, what rating did standard & poor's assign to portugal's long-term credit assessment? END
START in which year did moody's downgrade portugal's long-term credit assessment? END
START what did prime minister jose socrates announce on april 6, 2011? END
START how many times has portugal requested external financial support? END
START what provoked the first request from portugal for financial support? END
START for what reason did moody's investor services downgrade nine portuguese banks in 2011? END
START in 2005, how many public employees did portugal have for every thousand inhabitants? END
START what was the average number of public employees per every thousand inhabitants for the european union in 2005? END
START in comparison to eu and usa standards, how was portugal's justice system regarded? END
START which country had the slowest criminal justice system in western europe in 2005? END
START how many judges and prosecutors does portugal have per 100,000 inhabitants? END
START who was the portugal prime minister in 2013? END
START what did the prime minister announce during the first week of may in 2013? END
START for what reason did prime minister passos coelho justify cutting 30000 jobs? END
START from which entities did portugal seek a monetary bailout from? END
START to what age did passos coelho increase the retirement age? END
START to what did passos coelho announce cuts to? END
START which obligatory class was abolished from basic education? END
START what did the instituting of these policies lead to? END
START since when has the portugal unemployment rate been in a falling trend? END
START to what percentage did the unemployment rate peak at? END
START in the second quarter of 2008, what was the portuguese unemployment rate? END
START by when did the portuguese unemployment rate pass the 10% mark? END
START what are the tourist hotspots in portugal? END
START where do 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit in portugal every year? END
START what apparitions reportedly took place in 1917? END
START what tourist destinations are the portuguese government continuing to promote and develop? END
START what is the 16th european city to attract the most tourists? END
START what prompted transportation improvements in portugal in the 1970's? END
START after joining the european economic community in the 90's, what did portugal begin building? END
START how long is portugal's total road network? END
START in which year was the first motorway opened in portugal? END
START how much land does the continental portugal cover? END
START how many national airports does portugal have? END
START near what cities are the portuguese airports located? END
START why is lisbon a popular stopover for many foreign airlines? END
START what is the primary flag-carrier in portugal? END
START into what country does portugal's railway system expand? END
START what entity supports and administrates portugal's railway system? END
START how long is the total railway system in portugal? END
START how long is the amount of railway lines that are electrified? END
START how long is the amount of railway lines that permit speeds greater than 120 km/h? END
START what are the two subway systems in portugal? END
START how long are each of the subway systems? END
START by what company have the lisbon tram services been supplies by? END
START for how long has the libon tram service existed? END
START in what type of network are most scientific research studies conducted in portugal? END
START what is one example of a state-managed autonomous research institution? END
START by which ministry is authority granted for funding and managing portugal's research system? END
START what are two of the large non-state run research institutions in portugal? END
START what is the champalimaud foundation? END
START what does the champalimaud foundation award every year? END
START in what year was the sciences academy of lisbon founded? END
START what is the name of the largest european aquarium? END
START what does the state agency ciencia viva promote? END
START what are some examples of notable organizations focused on scientific exhibitions? END
START what was responsible for creating thousands of scientific, technological, and knowledge-based businesses? END
START what are some examples of the science parks being built in portugal? END
START for what reason to companies locate in the portuguese science parks? END
START what are the two most considerable sources of renewable energy in portugal? END
START where was moura photovoltaic power station located? END
START where was the agucadoura wave farm located? END
START by the end of 2006, what percentage of portugal's energy production was from renewable sources? END
START what is the name of portugal's national energy transmission company? END
START what does ren do? END
START through what renewable resource had portugal generated electricity before the solar/wind revolution? END
START what is used to pump water uphill in portugal? END
START how did the portuguese government encourage rooftop solar panels? END
START what was the portuguese population in 2011? END
START what percentage of the portuguese population in 2011 was female? END
START what percentage of the portuguese population in 2011 was male? END
START what is the dominant religion in portugal? END
START what were the moors who converted to catholicism known as? END
START in what group of people do the portuguese have their origin? END
START when did people first start arriving in the european continent? END
START what is the main population source of the portuguese people? END
START what is the cornerstone of portugal's national identity? END
START which ocean does portugal border? END
START what were two of the last territories portugal gave up? END
START the vast majority of brazilians have what ancestry in common? END
START how many inhabitants did portugal have by 2007? END
START what percentage of the portuguese people are roman catholic? END
START what other religious communities exist in portugal? END
START what percentage of the portuguese people identify as non-religious? END
START what percentage of the portuguese population did not give an answer for their religion in the 2011 census? END
START in what religion do many portuguese holidays and festivals find their origin? END
START in what centuries did the roman catholic church play a role in the reconquest? END
START what changed the role and importance of organized religion in portugal? END
START during what years did the formation of the first portuguese republic take place? END
START on what date did the battle of ourique take place? END
START afonso heard jesus promising what? END
START why did god want to act through afonso? END
START what is the official name of portugal? END
START what type of language is portuguese? END
START where did portuguese originate? END
START what was the common name of the galician and portuguese people? END
START from what language is portuguese derived? END
START by what group of people is portuguese derived? END
START between what years did portugal establish a colonial and commercial empire? END
START in how many continents is portuguese spoken as a native language? END
START what country has the largest number of native portuguese speakers? END
START what is the adult literacy rate in portugal? END
START portuguese primary school enrollment is close to what percent? END
START what percentage of college-age citizens attend a higher education institution in portugal? END
START what percentage of college-age citizens attend a higher education institution in the united states? END
START since when have portuguese universities existed? END
START where was the oldest portuguese university established? END
START where did the oldest portuguese university relocate to? END
START what is the oldest engineering school of the americas? END
START what is the oldest medical college in asia? END
START when was the bologna process adopted? END
START what are most higher education student costs supported with? END
START over what age are higher education applicants considered mature? END
START what is the ministry of health responsible for? END
START how many regional health administrations exist in portugal? END
START what are the regional health administrations in charge of? END
START what do most portuguese people die from? END
START what are the two main components of cardiovascular disease? END
START what is the biggest killer in portugal? END
START what percentage of portuguese people die less often from cancer than in the eur-a? END
START who is cancer more common among in portugal? END
START what survey results complement on data on health status? END
START what number of portuguese adults rated their health as good or very good? END
START portugal modernized its public cultural facilities during what two decades? END
START in what year was the calouste gulbenkian foundation established? END
START where was the calouste gulbenkian foundation established? END
START what are some examples of portugal's public cultural facilities? END
START how many unesco world heritage sites is portugal home to? END
START what is the manueline style also known as? END
START what is the manueline style? END
START what is soft portuguese style? END
START who are some of the most renowned architects to come from portugal? END
START for what is tomas taveira particularly noteworthy for in portugal? END
START in which period was cinema born? END
START who are some examples of portuguese film directors? END
START who are some noted portuguese actors? END
START who was lus de cames? END
START what epic poem did lus de cames write? END
START what was lus de cames main influence? END
START what styles are modern portuguese poetry rooted in? END
START who are some modern portuguese authors? END
START what is dry cod known as in portuguese? END
START other than bacalhau, what are two other popular fish recipes in portugal? END
START what is caldeirada? END
START what meats are often used in portuguese recipes? END
START what are two popular northern portugal dishes? END
START what are three examples of fast food dishes in portugal? END
START where does the portuguese art of pastry have its origins? END
START what are the main ingredients used to make pastries in the monasteries? END
START what are two examples of portuguese pastries? END
START since when have portuguese wines garnished international recognition? END
START with which roman god was portugal associated with? END
START what are some of the best portuguese wines? END
START which two portuguese wines are especially enjoyed around the world? END
START what are a couple examples of summer music festivals held in portugal? END
START what are a couple examples of non-summer music festivals in portugal? END
START what is the boom festival? END
START what international awards have been won by the boom festival? END
START in which year did portugal hold the mtv europe music awards? END
START what are some examples of classical pianists from portugal? END
START what are some examples of classical violinists from portugal? END
START who are some notable musical composers from portugal? END
START who are some contemporary composers from portugal? END
START in which century did portugal see the arrival of modernism? END
START by what group was amadeo de souza-cardoso most heavily influenced by? END
START what is one of amadeo de souza-cardoso's best known works? END
START who are some of the most prominent modern visual artists in portugal? END
START what is the most popular sport in portugal? END
START what is still a major symbol of portuguese football history? END
START who are two examples of the top football players born in portugal? END
START what award did both lus figo and cristiano ronaldo win? END
START who are some of the most renowned football managers in portugal? END
START what are the three largest sports clubs by popularity in portugal? END
START what are the three largest sports club by popularity in portugal known as? END
START how many titles in the european uefa club competitions have "the big three" won? END
START other than football, what other sports are popular in portugal? END
START by what entity is the algarve cup hosted? END
START what can be seen as of essential importance to a practiced of humanism? END
START what is a common tenant of humanism? END
START these days humanism could be viewed as a form of what? END
START  what can be credited for the changes in the definition of humanism?  END
START instead of turning to a spiritual or divine source practicers of humanism turn to what? END
START what can be seen as no importance to the practice of humanism? END
START what is a fake tenant of humanism? END
START what is humanism no longer viewed as a form of? END
START what had no influence on the changes in the definition of humanism? END
START what does humanism condemn instead of turning to a spiritual or divine source? END
START what was humanism once considered the same as? END
START who has disagreed with this connotation of the word? END
START in which period did gellius gain fame? END
START who is credited with clarifying and making the term humanitas commonplace? END
START what is the characteristic that most separates humans from animals? END
START what was humanism once considered worse than? END
START who can't disagree with a connotation of a word? END
START which period did gellius lose fame? END
START who is credited with clarifying and making the term humanitas forbidden? END
START what is the characteristic that most indicates why humans are the same as robots? END
START  at the time of the french revolution what previous focus of humanism was removed? END
START protestantism differs from humanism in its focus is on what? END
START what do current tenants humanism have their origins in? END
START what was a name for humanism believers who emerged in the late 19th and early 20th centuries? END
START what previous focus of humanism was required at the time of the french revolution? END
START what makes protestantism the exact same as humanism? END
START what do current tenants of humanism avoid? END
START what was a name for humanism believers who emerged in the late 12th and early 13th centuries? END
START  in what year did the term humanism gain yet another layer of meaning? END
START who can be credited with assisting the word humanism with finding a home in the english language? END
START who was responsible for yet another definition of the philosophy in 1856? END
START what nation was highly receptive to the new definition of this concept? END
START what year did the term humanism remove yet another layer of meaning? END
START who can be credited with assisting the word humanism with finding a barrier from the english language? END
START who was responsible for yet another definition of the philosophy in 1854? END
START what nation was not receptive to the new definition of this concept? END
START who destroyed the term humanismus? END
START during which period was the philosophy of humanism next updated? END
START what was the criticism of humanism made by conservatives of the time? END
START who continued to support the belief system despite its critics? END
START who felt that humanism would surely be a major "religion" today? END
START which period was the philosophy of humanism banned? END
START what was the criticism of humanism made by magicians of the time? END
START who continued to end the belief system despite its critics? END
START who felt that humanism would surely be a minor "religion" today? END
START what idea was never attacked? END
START what was the main difference between humanism and the religions of the time? END
START what well known socialist adopted the usage of this term in germany? END
START who did benevolent believers in humanism turn to for ideas about the philosophy? END
START where did the learned believers place their focus? END
START what was the main avoidance between humanism and the religions of the time? END
START what well known conservative adopted the usage of this term in germany? END
START who did harmful believers in humanism turn to for ideas about the philosophy? END
START where did the learned believers remove their focus? END
START which ancient text provides an example of the humanist way of thinking? END
START when was this writing penned? END
START what well know scholar was inspired by humanism? END
START which classified text provides an example of the humanist way of thinking? END
START what well know scholar was destroyed by humanism? END
START when was gathas of zarathustra lost forever? END
START what well know scholar was killed by humanism? END
START who was known as being a founder of humanism thought in china? END
START what early adopter and developer of is associated with confucianism? END
START who is known for the thought that humanity is the most important thing in the world? END
START who was known as being a founder of humanism thought in finland? END
START what early adopter and developer is no longer associated with confucianism? END
START whose words were hidden by the book of history? END
START who is known for the thought that humanity is the least important thing in the world? END
START when were humanism beliefs mixed with another philosophy by a taoist thinker? END
START what is an example of humanism based philosophy that focused on ethics? END
START who can be credited with saying essentially humans are the gods of gods? END
START where could you read this information? END
START when were humanism beliefs separated from another philosophy by a taoist thinker? END
START what is an example of humanism based philosophy that discouraged ethics? END
START who can be credited with saying essentially humans are the gods of humans? END
START what classic did ji liang burn? END
START who decided to stop teaching tao? END
START who was one of the first greeks to adopt a humanistic outlook? END
START where did this type of thinking next travel to? END
START who first introduced the idea that matter is made of atoms? END
START who was the first person to provide education opportunities to females? END
START who was one of the last greeks to adopt a humanistic outlook? END
START where did this type of thinking end? END
START who first dismissed the idea that matter is made of atoms? END
START who was the only person to provide education opportunities to females? END
START who was the only greek philosopher to forbid women at his school? END
START when did the first wave of humanism reach europe? END
START who was thought to be the original believer of humanism in of the renaissance period? END
START the study and following of classical writers was said to be a solution to what issue? END
START when did the first wave of humanism fail to reach europe? END
START who was thought to be the only believer of humanism in of the renaissance period? END
START what issue was the study and following of classical writers said to be a problem of? END
START who did not understand prose? END
START what was an intellectual movement forbidden in europe? END
START  what is one religious text that was thought to eventually lead to a peace between all? END
START who gave followers of humanism the ability to think out of bounds? END
START what cities may have influenced the beliefs of gemistus pleto? END
START what is one religious text that was thought to eventually lead to a war between all? END
START who gave followers of humanism the ability to think inside the box? END
START what cities may have influenced the fashion of gemistus pleto? END
START who denounced being a humanist in 1357? END
START how were humanist able to identify the development of humanist thought? END
START what was included in this quest for knowledge of the belief system? END
START if your were unsure of the authenticity of an ancient text how could you verify it? END
START what caused a large migration of greek refuges in the 1450s? END
START how were humanist able to ruin the development of humanist thought? END
START what was missing in this quest for knowledge of the belief system? END
START what helps to discredit the authenticity of an ancient text? END
START what caused a small migration of greek refuges in the 1550s? END
START when are these texts first able to reach a large amount of people? END
START  erasmus can be said to have lit the match that sparked a radical change in thinking in his era along with who? END
START what text still remained without the type of thorough review that others texts had received by the 18th century? END
START when are these texts first able to reach no amount of people? END
START what text no longer remains without the type of thorough review that others texts had received by the 12th century? END
START where was renaissance humanism against the law? END
START what focused on dismissing scholarship and philology? END
START what 18th century german school has no criticisms? END
START  what author had a great impact in rome? END
START who was able to spread the idea of equality among all through his words? END
START from where did this school of thought emerge? END
START who again issued the same type of challenge centuries later END
START what was the name of the main belief terence offered END
START what author had little impact in rome? END
START who was able to spread the idea of equality among all without any words? END
START what was the name of the main belief terence avoided? END
START where was no school of thought taken seriously? END
START  closer examination of what information allowed for further progress in scientific knowledge? END
START who felt that looking to these ancient documents for new ideas was not the way to mover forward? END
START what group was neutral about this issue as they felt the subject unimportant?  END
START  when did even the scholars and professors began to at least end to examine the works of aristotle? END
START what information allowed for less progress in scientific knowledge? END
START who felt that looking to these ancient documents for new ideas was the best way to move forward? END
START what group was neutral about this issue as they felt the subject too important? END
START who was always interested in scientific innovation? END
START who was forbidden to develop science? END
START who felt that the further examination and knowledge of studies in the arena of humanism could further art? END
START who helped to further the movement away from scholasticism of the time? END
START where did this initiate? END
START what type of philosophy was essential to this forwarding of thought? END
START who felt that the further examination and knowledge of studies in the arena of humanism could limit art? END
START who helped to further the movement closer to scholasticism of the time? END
START what type of philosophy was unessential to this forwarding of thought? END
START who was the most famous humanist? END
START who was able to reconcile their religious beliefs with those of humanism? END
START what phrase that has come to be associated with a lack of faith was not seen as an issue for christians? END
START during what time period did secular have a more neutral connotation? END
START petrarch felt that although he tried to do his own form of good whose life may have more meaning? END
START who was unable to reconcile their religious beliefs with those of humanism? END
START what phrase that has come to be associated with a lack of faith was seen as an issue for christians? END
START what time period did secular have an ultra-positive connotation? END
START who did petrarch feel superior to in every possible way? END
START what had a positive effect on established authority? END
START what abolitionist was greatly affected by the writings of comte? END
START what type of idea did he pose which was focused on facets of humanism? END
START what main idea did the english believers of comte's philosophy take from his writings? END
START what currently used word was based in ideas from this philosopher? END
START what abolitionist was barely affected by the writings of comte? END
START what type of idea did he reject which was focused on facets of humanism? END
START what main idea did the english believers of comte's philosophy ban from his writings? END
START what formerly used word was based in ideas from this philosopher? END
START what 19th century author associated his works with humanism? END
START when was the first public group for humanist founded? END
START who created this group? END
START when did charles potter and clara potter publish their first writings on humanism? END
START what 15th century author associated his works with humanism? END
START when was the worst public group for humanists founded? END
START who destroyed the first humanist society of new york? END
START when did charles potter and clara potter hide their first writings on humanism? END
START who burned every copy of the book humanism: a new religion? END
START who wotked with carl rogers on humanistic phycology? END
START what is human phycology? END
START in what century did humanistic phycology rise in prominence? END
START they introduced it in response to what? END
START who worked with carl rogers on animal psychology? END
START what does humanistic psychology seek to misunderstand? END
START what century did humanistic psychology lose popularity? END
START what philosophies are now discredited? END
START who was not accepted in their pursuits of psychoanalysis? END
START who became responsible in part for the editing of the new humanist? END
START what groups thoughts did he seek to include? END
START what was the name of the material that was produced from this groups and the opinions of others? END
START how many cornerstones of this new way of thinking or religion were presented> END
START who became responsible for the stealing of the new humanist? END
START what groups thoughts did he seek to exclude? END
START what was the name of the material that was destroyed by this group and the opinions of others? END
START what year was the humanist manifesto lost forever? END
START what was the main action of humanism during the renaissance> END
START when did a new term for those who followed humanism emerge? END
START what was the new term for believers of humanism philosophy? END
START where was one main concentration of humanism? END
START what was the main enemy of humanism during the renaissance? END
START when did a new term for those who followed humanism become impossible? END
START what was the unrecognized term for believers of humanism philosophy? END
START where was there no concentration of humanism? END
START what type of philosophy was never taken seriously? END
START what was it about the utilitatian beliefs that humanism believers did not like? END
START what group that had been to this point neglected was included in this thought? END
START what foundation of study allowed for the accomplishment of the goal of a scholarly people? END
START was the humanism of the time limited to scholars? END
START what was it about the utilitarian beliefs that humanism believers loved? END
START what foundation of study restricted the accomplishment of the goal of a scholarly people? END
START what was the least pervasive cultural mode? END
START who disliked women the most? END
START who was considered an isolated imbecile? END
START what is contemporary humanism optimistic about? END
START what is the main goal of humanism optimistic? END
START what is human flourishing? END
START what doesnt conetemporary humanism  believe about human nature? END
START what is contemporary humanism upset about? END
START what is the lowest goal of humanism? END
START what is human flourishing against? END
START what doesn't contemporary humanism forget about human nature being? END
START what english mathematician had no interest in philosophy? END
START what was included in religious humanism that was similiar to other religion? END
START when did practicers of religious humanism form under the name humanism? END
START who founded a religion whose cornerstone was deism? END
START during what time was a religious state replaced in the notre dame cathedral with a symbol of humanism? END
START what was excluded in religious humanism that was similiar to other religion? END
START when did practicers of religious humanism stop the name humanism? END
START who eliminated a religion whose cornerstone was deism? END
START what time was a religious state replaced in the notre dame cathedral with a symbol of atheism? END
START what couldn't replace the virgin mary on any altars? END
START who was one early naysayer of humanism? END
START what was the main reason they disagreed with the beliefs? END
START who stated humanism creates of people placeholder? END
START who stated that this argument was in fact support of humanism? END
START who was the last naysayer of humanism? END
START what was the main reason they agreed with the beliefs? END
START who was against humanism the most? END
START who had no interest in discussing humanism? END
START in what year was the book humanism published? END
START in what century was the horrific wars? END
START what is the only alternative to bigotry and persecution on many occasions? END
START who wrote the book humanism? END
START what year was the book humanism forgotten? END
START what century had no wars? END
START what is the only alternative to compassion and empathy on many occasions? END
START who destroyed the book humanism? END
START what did the russian philosopher heidegger consider himself on the model of the ancient greeks? END
START what allowed for a deeper understanding and personal exploration of older philosophers theories? END
START who were the humanists in agreement with about using these manuscripts in their quests for pure christian living? END
START who was the most influential supporter of the ideals of terence? END
START who quoted the line of terence most notably? END
START what allowed for a more shallow understanding and personal exploration of older philosophers theories? END
START who were the humanists in disagreement with about using these manuscripts in their quests for pure christian living? END
START who was the least influential supporter of the ideals of terence? END
START who couldn't quote a line of terence? END
START what principle had no applications? END
START what writing was considered a bridge between two other major writings? END
START which century was the first writing from? END
START who states imply that humans are their own gods? END
START what was the origin of the second writing? END
START what writing was considered a barrier between two other major writings? END
START which century was the only writing from? END
START what was the enemy of the second writing? END
START who disagreed with the statement "homo homini deus est"? END
START the initial state of earth was what? END
START what formed on the outside of the earth after it cooled? END
START how does the mass of the moon compare to earth? END
START what created a primordial atmosphere on earth? END
START ice from what source helped to create earths oceans? END
START what caused the earths early crust to become molten? END
START what cooled allowing water to collect? END
START what happened when water started to accumulate on the surface? END
START what caused a piece of the earth to break of and form the moon? END
START how does the mass of the moon compare to the earths mass? END
START powerful volcanism contributed to cause early earth to be in what state? END
START what occurred in the atmosphere of the earth after the crust was formed? END
START what size of object may have created the moon? END
START when water was creating the oceans what was happening to atmospheric water vapor? END
START what formed as water accumulated? END
START what cused the earths solid crust to become molten? END
START how does the mass of the moon compare to the mass of the earth? END
START what broke away a piece of the earth to form the moon? END
START what caused water vapor to evaporate? END
START during what time period was the archean era? END
START during what period did the earths crust cooling allow the creation of plates? END
START it is believed that a very warm earth would lead to more recycling of what? END
START what might have a very hot earth stopped from occurring? END
START what do some believe accounts for the small amount of archean rocks? END
START during what period did tectonic activity become like it is today? END
START what happened as the earth's crust cooled following the archean period? END
START what do scientist think was made more vigerous by the earth's cooling? END
START what was recycled more as the earth cooled? END
START what are archean rocks composed of, in general? END
START what type of formation is indicated by low and high grade metamorphic rocks? END
START from where did high grade archean rocks originate? END
START low grade metamorphic rocks are composed of what, generally? END
START what is a greenstone belt? END
START what kind od sediments where proterozoic rocks made from? END
START what kind od belts often formed during the proterozoic period? END
START what single type of rock formed greenstone belts? END
START what kind of volcanic rock formed low-density metamorphic rock? END
START what kind of sediment formed high-density metamorphic rock? END
START during what time period did the proterozoic era occur? END
START what era came before the proterozoic era? END
START in what type of sea did typical proterozoic geology come to be? END
START what type of continental behavior was unique to the proterozoic? END
START what is the name for the large super continent that broke apart 750 million years ago? END
START what period has a more complete geological record than the proterozoic? END
START what was layed down in deep seas during the proterozoic period? END
START what was made in shallow seas during the archean period? END
START what type of continental behavior was a unique to the archean period? END
START what broke apart 750 million years ago and was called pannotia? END
START during what period was the paleozoic era? END
START how many periods of geology are within the paleozoic era? END
START the permian is an example of what? END
START after what continental event did the paleozoic begin? END
START what continent was formed at the end of the paleozoic? END
START what period ended 541 million years ago? END
START what period started right before the breakup of pannotia? END
START what was the scope of the ice age that began at the same time as the paleozoic period? END
START what was the name of the superconinent that formed at the begining of the paleozoic? END
START what did pangea break into at the end of the paleozoic? END
START at what rough time did the cambrian era start? END
START what were the continents of the cambrian area believed to have formerly been a part of? END
START what continent moved to the southern-most part of the earth in the cambrian era? END
START what continent ranged over the majority of the southern hemisphere of earth in the cambrian? END
START baltica and sibera are examples of what thing, during the cambrian era? END
START what period is a minor division in the geologic timescale? END
START what supercontinent was formed from the coninents of the cambrian? END
START during what period were the oceans widespread and deep? END
START what drift rates were high during the cambrian? END
START when did pannotia begin to drift towards the south pole? END
START how long ago did the ordovician period begin? END
START which event precipitated the ordovician period? END
START what was the name of the large southernmost continent during the ordovician? END
START which ocean decreased in size with the movement of baltica in the ordovician? END
START what continent fractured off gondwana in the direction of laurentia? END
START what was the name of the period that ended with a major extinction event? END
START what extinction event occured at the end of the ordocician period? END
START when was the extinction event that ended the ordovician period? END
START what contenent formed several southern coninents during the ordovician? END
START what continent drifted from the south pole to the equator? END
START what type of climate was normal in the ordovician period? END
START what ice age signaled the end of the normal climate in the ordovician period? END
START oxygen from what kind of fossil were used to date the hirnantian faunal stage? END
START how many years is the hirnantian faunal stage believed to have lasted? END
START what started to develop on gondwana as it moved over the south pole? END
START what faunel stage triggered the greenhouse conditions of the ordovician? END
START what showed that the ice age lasted longer than originally thought? END
START what is know believed to have lasted more than 1.5 million years? END
START what levels rose in the atmosphere prior to the ice age? END
START where where the oranisms laffected byrisingcarbon dioxide levels? END
START when was the silurian period believed to have begun? END
START compared to the ordovician glaciation, how big were the ice caps on gondwana during the silurian? END
START what did the melting of ice on gondwana add to? END
START which supercontinent formed during the silurian? END
START which ocean ranged the majority of the northern hemisphere in the silurian period? END
START what continent continued to drift northward during the silurian? END
START what was more extensive compared to the ordovician glaciations? END
START what lead to a rise in sea levels during the ordovician? END
START what was formed from euramerica breaking up? END
START what large ocean covered most of the southern hemisphere? END
START during what time period was the devonian era? END
START which continent was formed from the meeting of laurentia and baltica? END
START which sedimentary beds were created in the dry areas of euramerica in the devonian period? END
START which mountains associated with the usa were formed near the equator on  pangaea during the devonian? END
START what was the largest ocean referred to that existed in the devonian period? END
START what kind of activity decreased during the devonian? END
START what two continents where moving away from each other during devonian? END
START what continent was formed when laurasia and gondwanna colided? END
START what type od seimentary beds formed in the desert along the tropic of capricorn? END
START what was shallow arounfd the world? END
START what occurred to the level of the sea when the devonian period was finished? END
START during which period were epicontinental seas created? END
START what was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period? END
START what was the result in the decline in sea level in the middle of the carboniferous period? END
START the pennsylvania period is separated by the drop in carboniferous era sea levels from what other period? END
START what dropped world wide at the begining of the devonian? END
START how widespread was the drop in sea llevel in the carboniferous? END
START what temperatures dropped during the devonian? END
START what region was deeply impacted by the conditions of the carboniferous? END
START what could be found just north of the glacerers  END
START what geologic events took place when pangea combined during the carboniferous? END
START what was the continent that came to be north america and europe called during the carboniferous? END
START what was the effect of laurussia impacting gondwana in north america? END
START the mountains forming to the southwest of the appalachians in the carboniferous are known as what? END
START which two large oceans existed during the carboniferous period? END
START what was formed as the southern coninents came together? END
START what did pangea collide with? END
START what did the collision of pangea cause to mountains in north america? END
START what did the collision with pangea create in europe? END
START what major oceans were shrinking in the carboniferous? END
START what supercontinent prevailed during the permian era? END
START what was the largest ocean during the permian called? END
START there was an ocean between gondwana and asia in the permian, what was it? END
START the moving of which continent contributed to the decrease in size of the paleo-tethys? END
START during which period was the tehtys ocean dominant? END
START what supercontinent did asia join in the permian? END
START wat continent stradled the south pole and extended towards the equator? END
START what coninent drifted away from laurasia and towards gondwana? END
START what continents movement decreased the size of the paleo-tethys END
START which ocean name is translated to mean "all the sea?" END
START what process obscures information aboutt he ocean during the triassic period from inspection? END
START what was occurring to pangaea in the late triassic? END
START which sediements in the us are an indication of the break up of pangaea? END
START what type of terrestrial animals are found from the triassic period? END
START what can still be found in the deep-sea from the trissic? END
START what continent ripped apart during the triassic? END
START what indicates when new jersy seperated from rhode island? END
START what stratigraphy is mostly based on non-saline organisms? END
START during what years was the jurassic period? END
START which supercontinent came apart in the jurassic period? END
START the gulf of mexico formed in the rift between north america and what other land mass? END
START at what point did the south atlantic ocean begin to open? END
START which late jurassic cultural sites are famous in europe? END
START what did laurasia and gondwana  form during the jurassic period? END
START what north ocean was broad in the jurassic period? END
START what ocean closed during the cretaceous? END
START what left marine deposits in the plains of south america? END
START what geological record is poot in europe? END
START the current continents were formerly known as what continent? END
START which oregenies followed the nevadan in the cretaceous? END
START south america was formerly which continent? END
START the rifting in the cretaceous had what result on the oceans? END
START antarctica was a part of what supercontinent? END
START during what periods did pangaea come together? END
START which oregenies followed the nevaden in the early mesozoic? END
START what supercontinent stayed intact during the cretaceous? END
START what lowered eustatic sea levels? END
START during the height of the cretaceous transgression how much of the earths land mass was under water? END
START what type of rock was the cretaceous notable for forming the most amount of? END
START the cretaceous is a part of which geologic era? END
START where can one find the smoky hill chalk member? END
START where are the deccan traps? END
START what sea north of africa coninued to broaden? END
START early in what period did the sea recede across central north america? END
START the phanerozoic is part of what geological era? END
START what famouse lava beds are found in europe? END
START how many years long was the cenozoic era? END
START which extinction marked the beginning of the cenozoic era? END
START what geologic period are we in currently? END
START at the end of which era had the continents taken roughly their current shape? END
START the collision of the indian sub continent and the asian plate created which mountain range? END
START what era precedes the cretaceous-paleogene extinction event? END
START what extinction event ended the cenozoic era? END
START what were still grouped together by the end of the mesozoic? END
START what sea opened near africa? END
START how many continents did laurasia break into? END
START in the paleocene period greenland was joined to which continent? END
START what mountain chain in the cretaceous was lifted as a result of the laramide oregeny? END
START in which period did north and south america join? END
START which ocean was closed when africa moved northward during the paleocene? END
START when did the cretaceous processes begin? END
START what stopped drifting during the paleocene? END
START what supercontinent seperated into three during the paleocene? END
START what connected europe and greenland? END
START what did asia migrate towards? END
START during what years did the eocene period take place? END
START australia was connected to which other continent at the start of the eocene? END
START how long ago did antarctica and australia split? END
START around how many years ago is the current ice age pattern believed to have begun? END
START the mixing of equatorial currents with antarctic waters in the eocene resulted in what? END
START what reached their final positions during the eocene? END
START what was australia seperated from at the begining of the eocene? END
START what pattern ended 45 million years ago  END
START what steared warm waters towards the artic? END
START during which period did mountains form in the western part of north america? END
START what began to form in the flat basins in north america during the eocene? END
START in the eocene, in europe, which sea ceased to be? END
START the mediterranean sea is a remaining part of which sea from the eocene? END
START which oregeny was created when india collided with asia? END
START what three continent drifted together forming laurasia during then eocene? END
START what formed in the low basins of europe? END
START what sea opened up? END
START what sea was created by the alps? END
START what two coninents developed vastly differen fauna? END
START what permanent structure formed on antarctica? END
START the lift of which mountain range in europe was the result of the african plate moving north into the eurasian? END
START during what period was there a land bridge joining europe and north america? END
START in the oligocene period south america broke free from what other continent? END
START which current resulted in the cooling of antarctica? END
START what semi-perminant feature developed in antarctica? END
START where did mountain building stop? END
START what plate was pushing south creating the alps? END
START what incursion marked the end of oligocene? END
START what slowed down the antarctic circumpolar current? END
START the formation of which mountain range was the result of of what zone along the pacific ocean side of south america? END
START which continent was india colliding with in the miocene? END
START when africa was colliding with eurasia which seaway ceased to be during the miocene? END
START between what period of time did the tethys disappear? END
START which crisis occured towards the end of the miocene period? END
START what bridge was present during the miocene? END
START what seaway opened as africa collided with eurasia? END
START when did the tethys seaway open? END
START what caused rain to increase in the mediterranean END
START what is the link between north and south america called? END
START in which period did north and south america become linked? END
START the pliocene saw the end of what fauna in south america? END
START the mediterranean was created by the collision of europe and what? END
START what period came after the pliocene? END
START what completely ended south america's marsupial faunas? END
START what formed to linked north and south america in the quaternary period? END
START what began at the with the pilocene? END
START how often does the cycle of rising sea levels repeat? END
START how long ago did the last glacial period end? END
START by what height did sea levels rise at the end of the last glacial period? END
START during what period did sea levels rice 115 feet? END
START glaciars from what period depressed the height of northern lands by 591 feet? END
START what sea did the hudson bay used to be a part of? END
START when did the last glacial period begin? END
START what caused sea levelsw to rise 115 meters? END
START during what period did the height of the northern lands rise 591 feet? END
START what sea is the hudson bay part of? END
START what does the state want a police force to do? END
START what are gendarmerie? END
START what are police usually separate from? END
START what does the state want a police force not to do? END
START what does the president want a police force to do? END
START what aren't gendarmerie? END
START what are police usually together with? END
START what are police never separate from? END
START how are police usually paid? END
START what kind of service are police? END
START when were police used to protect the class system? END
START what problem do many police forces have? END
START how are police never paid? END
START what kind of service aren't police? END
START when aren't police used to protect the class system? END
START what asset do many police forces have? END
START when were police used to protect the civilian system? END
START which chinese kingdoms developed law enforcement? END
START what period was the chu kingdom in? END
START what period was the jin kingdom in? END
START which countries adopted the 'prefecture system' from china? END
START what did ancient china call its police? END
START which japanese kingdoms developed law enforcement? END
START what period was the chu kingdom not in? END
START what period was the chin kingdom in? END
START which countries never adopted the 'prefecture system' from china? END
START what did modern china call its police? END
START what war ended in 1479? END
START who formed spain's first national police force? END
START what was spain's first national police force called, in spanish? END
START what does santa hermandad mean? END
START when did spain suppress local police units? END
START what war ended in 1497? END
START who formed spain's last national police force? END
START what was spain's second national police force called, in spanish? END
START what doesn't santa hermandad mean? END
START when did spain empower local police units? END
START which two entities in medieval france had police duties? END
START how were the marshal and constable of france formally classified? END
START what was the marshal's force called? END
START what was the constable's force called, in english? END
START what was the constable's force called, in french? END
START which two entities in medieval france didn't have police duties? END
START how were the marshal and constable of france informally classified? END
START what was the marshal's peace corps called? END
START what was the captain's force called, in english? END
START what was the constable's force not called, in french? END
START in what year did paris get a police force? END
START who created paris's police force? END
START what was the largest european city in 1667? END
START what was the title of the head of paris's police, in english? END
START what was the title of the head of paris's police, in french? END
START in what year did paris not get a police force? END
START who never created paris's police force? END
START what was the smallest european city in 1667? END
START what was the largest european city in 1676? END
START what was the title of the bottom of paris's police, in english? END
START who was paris's first head of police? END
START how many commissioners worked under reynie? END
START how many policing districts was paris divided into? END
START when was paris's police system expanded to the rest of france? END
START when were police inspectors added to paris's police? END
START who was paris's last head of police? END
START how many commissioners worked above reynie? END
START how many policing districts was france divided into? END
START when was paris's police system contracted to disclude rest of france? END
START when were police inspectors subtracted from paris's police? END
START when did the french language adopt the word 'police'? END
START what language did french borrow the word 'police' from? END
START which dictionary said police were 'a symbol of foreign oppression'? END
START when were the marine police created in the uk? END
START what was the first use of 'police' in the uk? END
START when did the english language adopt the word 'police'? END
START what language did french not borrow the word 'police' from? END
START which dictionary said police were 'a symbol of local oppression'? END
START when were the marine police created in france? END
START what was the last use of 'police' in the uk? END
START who convinced the west indies merchants in london to establish police? END
START when did the west indies merchants in london create a police force? END
START where did the west indies merchants in london create a police force? END
START how much cargo had been being stolen from west indies merchants in london each year? END
START how did colquhoun praise the french police? END
START who convinced the east indies merchants in london to establish police? END
START when did the west indies merchants in london destroy a police force? END
START where did the east indies merchants in london create a police force? END
START how much cargo had been given from west indies merchants in london each year? END
START how did colquhoun reject the french police? END
START what was the initial size of the thames river police force? END
START how many dock workers were the thames river police policing? END
START how many dock workers did colquhoun say were criminals? END
START how much cargo theft did the thames river police prevent in its first year? END
START when was the thames river police made a public service? END
START what was the final size of the thames river police force? END
START how many deck workers were the thames river police policing? END
START how many dock workers did colquhoun say weren't criminals? END
START how much cargo theft did the thames river police allow in its first year? END
START when was the thames river police made a private service? END
START who started the bow street detectives? END
START how did the bow street group pay their employees? END
START how did the thames river police pay their employees? END
START who came up with the concept of the 'new' police? END
START what schedule did the thames river police employees work? END
START who fired the bow street detectives? END
START how did the bow street group get paid by their employees? END
START how did the james river police pay their employees? END
START who rejected the concept of the 'new' police? END
START what schedule did the thames river police employees not work? END
START which law established glasgow's police? END
START when was glasgow's police force established? END
START which law established ireland's police? END
START when was ireland's police force established? END
START what was ireland's police force called? END
START which law abolished glasgow's police? END
START when was glasgow's police force abolished? END
START which law fired ireland's police? END
START when was ireland's police force abolished? END
START what was ireland's police force not called? END
START who was the 'father of modern policing'? END
START whose philosophy influenced peel? END
START what political position did bentham think police should have? END
START how did peel standardize police? END
START how did peel organize police? END
START who was the 'mother of modern policing'? END
START whose philosophy repelled peel? END
START what political position did bentham think police shouldn't have? END
START how did peel specialize police? END
START how did peel disorganize police? END
START when was the metropolitan police act passed? END
START what did the metropolitan police act say police were a subset of? END
START where was the 'continental model' of police from? END
START what part of the government did french police work under? END
START when was the metropolitan police act rejected? END
START what did the metropolitan police act say police weren't a subset of? END
START where was the 'intercontinental model' of police from? END
START where wasn't the 'continental model' of police from? END
START what part of the government did english police work under? END
START when did rio get its first police investigator? END
START how had the rio police grown by the 17th century? END
START when did minas gerais get a cavalry regiment? END
START where did the portuguese royal family move in 1808? END
START who invaded portugal in 1808? END
START when did rio get its first police inspector? END
START how had the rio police grown by the 16th century? END
START when didn't minas gerais get a cavalry regiment? END
START where did the portuguese royal family move in 1880? END
START who supported portugal in 1808? END
START when did canada get its first police? END
START what was canada's first police force? END
START when was the toronto police created? END
START when was the montreal police created? END
START when were the first mounties created? END
START when did canada get its last police? END
START what wasn't canada's first police force? END
START when was the toronto police destroyed? END
START when was the montreal police not created? END
START when were the first mounties destroyed? END
START what were the old west's local police options? END
START which military branch helped the old west's inadequate local police? END
START which private contractor acted as police for businesses? END
START which military branch did the pinkertons exceed at their height? END
START what were the new west's local police options? END
START what were the old west's national police options? END
START which military branch fought the old west's inadequate local police? END
START which public contractor acted as police for businesses? END
START which military branch did the pinkertons never exceed at their height? END
START which countries' scholars developed the contemporary police concept? END
START who wrote the 'treatise on the police'? END
START what was the 'treatise on the police' called in french? END
START when was the 'treatise on the police' published? END
START what was von hornigk's career? END
START which countries' scholars rejected the contemporary police concept? END
START who co-wrote the 'treatise on the police'? END
START what wasn't the 'treatise on the police' called in french? END
START when was the 'treatise on the police' abolished? END
START what wasn't von hornigk's career? END
START who wrote about polizeiwissenschaft? END
START how did foucault describe the social duty of police? END
START which economic theory did foucault say supported the police? END
START why did the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning? END
START who never wrote about polizeiwissenschaft? END
START how did foucault describe the social duty of army? END
START which economic theory did foucault say rejected the police? END
START which biology theory did foucault say supported the police? END
START why didn't the functions of police grow beyond law enforcement to urban planning? END
START who wrote 'preventive police'? END
START when was 'preventive police' published? END
START where was 'preventive police' published? END
START what did chadwick say police should be focused on? END
START what was the alternative to prevention? END
START who co-wrote 'preventive police'? END
START when was 'preventive police' not published? END
START where was 'preventive police' unpublished? END
START what did chadwick say police shouldn't be focused on? END
START what was the same as prevention? END
START what do some police departments make detectives go back to periodically? END
START where do some think the most important police work happens? END
START how do patrol officers affect crime? END
START what do some police departments make detectives never go back to? END
START what do all police departments make detectives go back to periodically? END
START where do all think the most important police work happens? END
START where do some think the most minor police work happens? END
START how do patrol officers ignore crime? END
START when did nadelmann write about global policing? END
START when did sheptycki write about global policing? END
START what terms have been used to describe policing beyond one country? END
START when didb't nadelmann write about global policing? END
START when did nadelmann write about local policing? END
START when didn't sheptycki write about global policing? END
START when did sheptycki write about local policing? END
START what terms haven't been used to describe policing beyond one country? END
START when did deflem write about cross-border policing? END
START what groups did european police work against across borders in the 19th century? END
START which police force monitored karl marx? END
START what international police agency was created before ww2? END
START in what era did cross-border policing increase? END
START when did deflem write about in-border policing? END
START what groups did european police work against across borders in the 18th century? END
START which police force ignored karl marx? END
START what national police agency was created before ww2? END
START in what era did cross-border policing decrease? END
START where did sheptycki study police cooperation? END
START when did sheptycki write about police cooperation? END
START when did the channel region establish routine cross-border policing? END
START when was the schengen treaty signed? END
START what did the schengen treaty do for policing? END
START where did sheptycki study police interigation? END
START where didn't sheptycki study police cooperation? END
START when didn't sheptycki write about police cooperation? END
START when did the channel region reject routine cross-border policing? END
START when was the schengen treaty rejected? END
START where has cross-border policing been most under-studied? END
START who compared transnational police information and intelligence sharing practices? END
START what kind of policing has become common practice? END
START what problems did sheptycki say 'organizational pathologies' have caused for police? END
START what paradox did sheptycki point out? END
START where has cross-border policing been least under-studied? END
START where has cross-border policing been most over-studied? END
START what kind of policing has become rare practice? END
START what problems did sheptycki say 'organizational pathologies' haven't caused for police? END
START what paradox did sheptycki ignore? END
START where has transnational policing become more important? END
START what kind of countries get assistance with policing? END
START who wrote about police development-aid in 2007? END
START what concern did hills raise about police models? END
START what concern did hills raise about power imbalances? END
START where has transnational policing become less important? END
START what kind of countries get no assistance with policing? END
START who wrote about police development-aid in 2006? END
START what concern did hills ignore about police models? END
START what concern did hills ignore about power imbalances? END
START who wrote the global accountability report for 2007? END
START what is the least-accountable igo? END
START how accountable is interpol? END
START why is transnational policing so unaccountable? END
START who wrote the local accountability report for 2007? END
START what is the most-accountable igo? END
START how unaccountable is interpol? END
START why is transnational policing so accountable? END
START why isn't transnational policing so unaccountable? END
START what should non-lethal weapons properly be called? END
START what are common less-lethal weapons? END
START what is supposed to be the last resort for police? END
START what is south africa's "shoot-to-kill" policy? END
START where can police shoot fleeing convicts? END
START what should lethal weapons properly be called? END
START what are uncommon less-lethal weapons? END
START what is supposed to be the first resort for police? END
START what is north africa's "shoot-to-kill" policy? END
START where can't police shoot fleeing convicts? END
START how do modern police often communicate? END
START where do police have radios? END
START why do police use radios? END
START what have computers in police cars enabled for investigation? END
START what have computers in police cars enabled for reporting? END
START how do modern police never communicate? END
START where don't police have radios? END
START why don't police use radios? END
START what have computers in police cars enabled for investigation? END
START what have computers in police cars disbled for reporting? END
START when do police often use unmarked cars? END
START what use of unmarked cars is controversial? END
START when did new york state ban unmarked cars for traffic cops? END
START why did new york state ban unmarked cars for traffic cops? END
START when do police often use marked cars? END
START what use of unmarked cars isn't controversial? END
START when did new york state ban marked cars for traffic cops? END
START why did new york state allow unmarked cars for traffic cops? END
START why did new york state ban marked cars for traffic cops? END
START why do some cops use bicycles to patrol? END
START how do bicycles help catch some suspects? END
START what do police use to control motorcyclist events? END
START why do all cops use bicycles to patrol? END
START why do some cops use motorcycles to patrol? END
START how do bicycles help catch some police officers? END
START how don't bicycles help catch some suspects? END
START what don't police use to control motorcyclist events? END
START who introduced education requirements for us police? END
START who was o.w. wilson a student of? END
START where did wilson reduce police corruption? END
START why did wilson rotate officers between communities? END
START how did wilson recruit more qualified police? END
START who never introduced education requirements for us police? END
START who was w.o. wilson a student of? END
START where did wilson increase police corruption? END
START why did wilson rotate officers between communities? END
START how did wilson recruit more unqualified police? END
START what does miranda provide? END
START what does the 5th amendment protect against? END
START which amendment prevents self-incrimination? END
START what does miranda not provide? END
START what doesn't miranda provide? END
START what does the 5th amendment not protect against? END
START what doesn't the 5th amendment protect against? END
START which amendment doesn't prevent self-incrimination? END
START when was the terry v. ohio case? END
START which two parts did terry v. ohio divide seizure into? END
START what is an investigatory stop's search limited to? END
START when was the sherry v. ohio case? END
START when was the terry v. new york case? END
START which two parts didn't terry v. ohio divide seizure into? END
START what is an investigatory start's search limited to? END
START what is an investigatory stop's search unlimited to? END
START what is the legal status of uk police officers? END
START what can only inspector-ranked uk officers do? END
START what can only superintendent-ranked uk officers do? END
START what powers of a new uk police officer are the same as a commissioner's? END
START what is the illegal status of uk police officers? END
START what is the legal status of un police officers? END
START what can all uk officers do? END
START what can't only superintendent-ranked uk officers do? END
START what powers of an old uk police officer are the same as a commissioner's? END
START why do some police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders? END
START what could be impeded without police interference? END
START how could police help the owner when a restaurant guest doesn't pay because their wallet got stolen? END
START why do all police acts limit when police can interfere without court orders? END
START why do some police acts limit when police can aid without court orders? END
START what could be unimpeded without police interference? END
START what couldn't be impeded without police interference? END
START how couldn't police help the owner when a restaurant guest doesn't pay because their wallet got stolen? END
START the word "genocide" was unknown until what year? END
START in 1941, how did winston churchill refer to the mass killings of russian prisoners of war? END
START what was the name of the polish-jewish lawyer who first described nazi atrocities as "genocide?"  END
START what is the etymological basis of the word "genocide?" END
START as it pertains to violent crimes against targeted groups, what is the ultimate motivation within the actions of genocide? END
START when was the word "genocide" last used? END
START who never used the term "genocide"? END
START who referred to acts of genocide in 1945? END
START what year was the word "genocide" known until? END
START what is defined as a specific set of violent crimes that are committed against a certain group with the attempt to remove the entire group from existence or to increase them? END
START when was the phrase "prisoners of war" first used? END
START what is the definition of "prisoners of war"? END
START who coined the phrase "prisoners of war"? END
START the phrase "prisoners of war" was unknown until what year? END
START in 1941, how did raphael lemkin refer to the mass killings of russian prisoners of war? END
START prior to being a formal legal term, how was the word "genocide" used in an indictment scenario? END
START who ultimately defined genocide as a series of strategies leading up to the annihilation of an entire group? END
START lemming's concept of genocide triggered legal action in which realm? END
START what was the nationality of anthropologist peg levine? END
START what relative term did levine coin to refer to cultural destruction, without the death of its members? END
START who ultimately defined genocide as a strategy leading up to the war of an entire group? END
START what term was coined to describe the increase of culture? END
START what kind of scienctist was ignored by peg levine? END
START what elements of group existence, other than people themselves, can never be targets of genocide? END
START how was the word "genocide" forbidden to be used in an indictment scenario? END
START who ultimately defined genocide as a series of strategies leading up to the annihilation of indictment? END
START lemming's concept of genocide triggered cultural identity in what realm? END
START prior to being a formal legal term, how was the word "society" used in an indictment scenario? END
START what was the nationality of anthropologist lemming? END
START what term was coined to describe the destruction of basic existence? END
START what has been the primary focus in the study of genocide? END
START in prosecuting genocide, what must the act be formally acknowledged as? END
START in a general aspect, what is genocide viewed as? END
START in trials of genocidal crimes, what responsibly party is difficult to prosecute?  END
START long before genocide was established as a legal term, what treaty was in place to protect various groups from persecution and mass killings? END
START what has been the lesser focus in the study of genocide? END
START why is genocide often punished? END
START what year was the peace of westphalia signed for the second time? END
START what is genocide not viewed as? END
START who was the peace of westphalia designed to eliminate? END
START in trials of legal crimes, what responsibly party is difficult to prosecute? END
START long before genocide was established as a legal term, what treaty was in place to protect the military? END
START in prosecuting the military, what must the act be formally acknowledged as? END
START what has been the primary focus in the study of the military? END
START in a general aspect, what is the military viewed as? END
START in which war-era country was the holocaust immortalized?  END
START following world war ii, whose bid was successful in establishing the worldwide acceptance and the nascent legal definition of genocide? END
START which group convened officially for the first time in 1946? END
START while recognizing genocide, what did the un general assembly fail to do in its resolution? END
START in 1948, what general assembly resolution established genocide as a prosecutable act?  END
START whose bid was not successful in establishing the worldwide acceptance and the nascent legal definition of genocide? END
START what did the un general assembly do in its resolution? END
START what general assembly resolution never established genocide as a prosecutable act? END
START which war-era country was the holocaust mortalized? END
START which group convened officially for the first time in 1948? END
START following world war ii, whose bid was successful in the crime of genocide? END
START while recognizing genocide, what did nazi germany fail to do in its resolution? END
START in 1948, what general assembly resolution established universal acceptance as a prosecutable act? END
START in which war-era country was the cppcg immortalized? END
START which group eonvene officially for the first time in 1948? END
START which provision was initially included in the first write-up of the convention and then removed? END
START what is one of the countries that objected to the inclusion of political killings in the early version of the convention? END
START what atrocity motivated a self-serving ussr to object to the provision of political killings drafted into the convention? END
START what was the primary concern of other nations who objected to including political groups in the definition of genocide? END
START which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries opposed to including political genocide in the convention? END
START which provision was not initially included in the first write-up of the convention and then removed? END
START what is one of the countries that supported the inclusion of political killings in the early version of the convention? END
START which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries supporting including political genocide in the convention? END
START what atrocity motivated a self-serving ussr to support the provision of political killings drafted into the convention? END
START which provision was initially included in the first write-up of the jewish congress and then removed? END
START what is one of the countries that objected to the inclusion of political killings in the early version of the world jewish congress? END
START what atrocity motivated a self-serving ussr to object to the provision of machination drafted into the convention? END
START what was the primary concern of other nations who objected to including political groups in the definition of examination? END
START which distinguished academic of genocide highlighted several other countries opposed to including examination in the convention? END
START in 2007 what former case did the european court of human rights draw on to further refine qualifiers of genocide? END
START which group was accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining genocide? END
START what form of destruction was considered too limited by a smaller group of experts? END
START what groups did the echr feel should be included as potential victims of genocide? END
START what former case did the european court of human rights draw on in 2002 to further refine qualifiers of genocide? END
START which group was not accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining genocide? END
START what form of destruction was considered  unlimited by a smaller group of experts? END
START what groups did the echr feel should not be included as potential victims of genocide? END
START in 2007 what former case did the euopean court of human rights draw onto further refine qualifiers of cppcg? END
START which group was accused by the echr of having an overly constricted idea of the meaning of destruction in defining cppcg? END
START what form of destruction was considered too limited by the germany? END
START what groups did the echr feel should be included as potential victims of cppcg? END
START when did the majority of legal scholars take a narrow view on genocide? END
START in its preparations, what was the source of other considerations by the echr? END
START two bodies of the united nations agreed with what restricted provision in defining genocide? END
START which country's courts were noted by the echr for taking a wider stance on provisions of genocide laws? END
START the echr found most states to have largely undefined definitions of group destruction, despite what factor? END
START a definition of what, by the states, was necessary to preserve and expand genocidal law? END
START in its preparations, what was the source of other considerations by the international court of justice? END
START on what restricted provision in defining municipal laws did two bodies of the united nations agree? END
START which country's courts were noted by the echr for taking a wider stance on provisions of municipal laws? END
START the echr found most states to have largely undefined definitions of courts, despite what factor? END
START a definition of what, by the states, was necessary to preserve and expand municipal law? END
START which phrase is especially contentious within international humanitarian law? END
START what 2001 case was declared genocide by the international criminal tribune for the former yugoslavia (icty)? END
START in the judgement, it is stated that the aim of the genocide convention, at its most simplest, is preventing the destruction of which victims? END
START in addressing the issue of "in part," the appeals chamber found that the part must be a substantial part of what? END
START who contributed to guiding the appeals chamber in its conclusion? END
START which phrase is especially contentious within human groups? END
START what 2001 case was declared genocide by humanitarian law? END
START in the judgement, it is stated that the aim of the genocide convention, at its most simplest, is preventing the opinions of which victims? END
START what did the itcy find that the part must be a substantial part of while addressing the issue of "in part"? END
START who contributed to guiding the icty in its conclusion? END
START several considerations were involved in meeting the requirement to determine what?   END
START what is the key aspect of the targeted part of the group at the starting point of the inquiry?  END
START the number of people targeted in a genocide should not be solely evaluated by what? END
START in addition to the numeric size of a targeted group, what other consideration was useful to the icty? END
START what is determined after several individuals are involved in meeting the requirement? END
START what is the key aspect of the targeted part of the group at the absolute term? END
START what should the number of people targeted in article 4 not be solely evaluated by? END
START what other consideration was useful to the article 4 in addition to the numeric size of a targeted group? END
START what is the necessary emblematic? END
START the issue of what is raised by judges in paragraph 13?  END
START what is the basis for suggesting that several factors regarding the activity of the perpetrators be considered?  END
START the extent of what by the perpetrators was considered in an examination of their activity and level of control? END
START what will always be restricted in terms of a perpetrator's intent to destroy? END
START while the factor cannot independently indicate if the targeted group is substantial, it can do what? END
START what issue is raised by other factors in paragraph 13? END
START what is the basis for suggesting that several factors regarding the victims be considered? END
START the extent of what by the perpetrators was considered in an examination of their analysis? END
START what will always be restricted in terms of a victim's intent to destroy? END
START what can historical examples do, even though they cannot independently indicate if the targeted group is substantial? END
START on which date did the genocide convention become effective? END
START what was the minimum number of countries necessary to form parties?  END
START of the five permanent members of the un security council, how many were parties to the treaty? END
START what member ratified in 1970? END
START the delay in support by certain powerful members meant the convention was largely powerless for over how many decades? END
START on which date did china become effective? END
START what was the minimum number of countries necessary to form laws? END
START how many of the five permanent member s of china were parties to the treaty? END
START what member enforced in 1970? END
START what member enforced in 1983? END
START in 1998 it was written that the cppcg was a legal entity resulting in which type of compromise? END
START rather than a definition, the text of the treaty is considered as what type of tool? END
START what does the treaty possess that others lack? END
START the writers jonassohn and bjornson cite various reasons for the lack of widespread support of what? END
START what caused was written jonassohn and bjornson to become a legal instrument?  END
START what type of tool is the definition considered rather than a definition? END
START what does the definition possess that others lack? END
START what has not gaind widespread support according to the cppcg? END
START who stated that the cppcg was a research tool? END
START what two writers examined the lack of an accepted and singular definition for genocide? END
START the two writers suggested that academics adjusted what in their different definitions to assist them in interpreting events?  END
START what writer joined jonassohn in the study of the whole of human history? END
START with whom was leo kuper paired in research that focused on 20th century works? END
START two women and what man concentrated on post world war ii events? END
START what two writers examined the lack of an accepted and singular definition for academics? END
START the two writers suggested that academics adjusted what in their different definitions to assist them in interpreting paradigms? END
START what writer joined jonassohn in the study of definitions? END
START with whom was leo kuper paired in research that focused on definitions? END
START two women and what man concentrated on academic paradigms? END
START some historians were critical of what exclusion in the definition of victims of genocide? END
START in what book did kakar contend that the international definition of genocide was too narrow? END
START kakar argued that the definition should include any group defined by the perpetrator and which other group? END
START in the writing of chalk and jonassohn, what is stated to be a form of one-sided mass killing? END
START in further elaborating on the definition, how did chalk and jonassohn phrase the intention of the perpetrator?  END
START what exclusion were some historians critical of in the definition of victims of authority? END
START in what book did kakar contend that the international definition of perpetrator was too narrow? END
START which other group besides the perpetrator did kakar argue the definition of criterion should include any group defined by? END
START what is stated to be a form of physical destruction in the writing of chalk and jonassohn? END
START how did chalk and jonassohn phrase the intention of the sociologists? END
START harff and gurr's definition of genocide included the promotion and execution of what, by a state or its agents? END
START harff and gurr further defined what in terms of ethnicity, religion or nationality? END
START what was important to harff and gurr to distinguish from genocides? END
START along with ethnicity and and religion, what other characteristic defined a member of a victimized group? END
START what did harff define as "short-lived outbursts by mobs...?" END
START haff and gurr's definition of opposition included the promotion and execution of what by a state or its agents? END
START what did harff and gurr further define in terms of outbursts? END
START what was important to harff and gurr to distinguish between opposition? END
START what other characteristic defined a member of a regime along with ethnicity and religion? END
START what did harff define as "short-lived outbursts by the state?" END
START in the writings of rummel, what is the first and ordinary meaning of genocide? END
START rummel postulates that murder of people of government is due to national, ethnic, racial and which other membership? END
START the legal meaning of genocide is contained in which international treaty? END
START included in the cppcg is non-killings that ultimately achieve what end? END
START in the interpretation of non-killings, the cppcg cites the forceful relocation of children along with what other factor? END
START in the writings of rummel, what is the first and ordinary meaning of opponentsl? END
START which other membership besides national, ethnic, and racial does rommul postulate that murder of people by government is due to? END
START in which international treaty is the legal meaning of opponents contained? END
START what end is achieved by non-killings included in the democide? END
START what other factor along with the forceful relocation of political opponents does the the cppcg cite in the interpretation of non-killings? END
START in terms of failed states and non-state actors, the possession of weapons of mass destruction was an issue examined by which writer? END
START in gallagher's definition of genocide, a source of what is malicious in it implementation of the destruction of a group?  END
START gallagher's definition upholds the centrality of what? END
START the centrality of intent broadens what definition, beyond the 1948 one? END
START in order for a genocide classification to happen, a major part of a group has to be what? END
START which writer examined the possession of identity? END
START a source of what uses its power to implement destruction in gallagher's definition of process? END
START the centrality of what does gallagher's definition uphold? END
START the centrality of intent broadens what definition beyond the gallagher one? END
START a major part of a group has to be what in order for the centrality of intent classification to happen? END
START signatories to the cppc are required to prevent and punish what? END
START during which times can a perpetrator of genocide be charged? END
START in enforcing a charge of genocide, what loophole do many of the signatories possess? END
START what major western power is exempt from charges or claims of genocide against itself? END
START along with cyprus, what other major signatory official protested the the immunity of others from prosecution of genocide? END
START what are signatories to the kosovo war are required to prevent and punish what? END
START during which times can a perpetrator of reservations be charged? END
START what loophole  do many of the courts possess in enforcing a charge of genocide? END
START what major western power is exempt from charges or claims of reservation against itself? END
START along with cyprus, what other major signatory official protested the immunity of others from the prosecution of reservation? END
START in 1948 the worldwide acceptance of international laws that defined and forbade genocide was promulgated by which treaty? END
START perpetrators who were tried after world war ii were in general found guilty of crimes against what? END
START an example of a more specific genocidal crime of which one could be accused was what? END
START after wwii criminals were largely prosecuted under cppcg for their involvement in what massive genocidal effort? END
START who is notable for coining the term "holocaust?" END
START which treaty in 1948 defined and forbade promulgation? END
START what were cppcg who were tried after world war found guilty of? END
START what is an example of a more specific international crime of which one could be accused? END
START what massive genocidal effort were criminals largely prosecuted after count 3 for? END
START who is notable for coining the term "extermination?" END
START which court dismissed nikola jorgic's appeal against his conviction for genocide by a german court? END
START in jorgic v. germany, what about the german courts was later rejected by international courts hearing similar cases? END
START the echr noted that among certain academics, what act carried out by the serbs agains bosnian muslims and croats did not constitute genocide? END
START the ethnic cleansing perpetrated by the serbs against bosnia-herzegovina was conducted with what ultimate goal in mind? END
START conversely the scholars who did view the serbs' acts as constituting genocide, were backed up by what tribunal? END
START which court dismissed nikola jorgic's appeal against his conviction for cleansing by a german court? END
START in jorgic v. germany, what about the european courts was later rejected by international courts hearing similar cases? END
START what act carried about by the echr against bosnian muslims and croats did not constitute genocide? END
START what tribunal backed up scholars who have ethnic cleansing? END
START what was the ultimate goal of the ethnic cleansing perpetuated by the echr? END
START in the 1990s, how many people were indicted for war crimes that were officially defined as genocide? END
START convicted perpetrators popovic and beara were found guilty of genocide despite what evasive action? END
START tolimir was found guilty of both genocide and what other charge? END
START another charge beyond the act of genocide and for which krstic and nikolic were found guilty was what? END
START three others were charged with participating in genocides in bosnia by which country's courts? END
START in the 1990s, how many people were indicted for plea bargins? END
START what evasive action did not keep tolmir from being found guilty? END
START what other charge besides genocide was beara found guilty of? END
START what was another charge beyond the act for which popovic was found guilty? END
START in which country's courts were three others charged with aiding and abbeting? END
START which former president was by far the most senior politician to be accused of genocidal crimes by the icty? END
START what event occurred in march 2006 that essentially ended milosevic's trial? END
START had milosevic not died, what charges might he have been convicted of? END
START with milosevic dead, who did the icty next charge with crimes of genocide in 1995? END
START where was karadzic when he was finally arrested? END
START what event occurred in 1995 that essentially ended milosevic's trial? END
START where was karadzic when he was sentenced? END
START with milosevic dead, who did karadzic next charge with grimes of genocide in 1995? END
START had karadzic not died, what charges might he have been convicted of? END
START which former president was by far the most senior politician to be accused of genocidal crimes by karadzic? END
START what court was established under the aegis of the united nations to prosecute genocidal crimes in rwanda? END
START the prosecutorial efforts of the ictr focused on genocidal acts that took place during which time period? END
START the ictr was created in november 1995 by which branch of the un? END
START the ictr was established for the purpose of convicting those responsible for acts of genocide and what other charges? END
START the charges of genocide brought up by the ictr were against what group of people? END
START what court was established to prosecute genocidal crimes in the united nations? END
START during which time period did the prosecuratorial efforts of rwanda focus on genocidal acts? END
START which branch of the un created rwanda in november 1995? END
START what other charges besides genocide was the itcr convicted of? END
START what group of people were the charges of genocide brought up against in april 1994? END
START what has been widely debated as a possible act of genocide in sudan? END
START in 2003 what well known u.s. secretary of state declared the situation in darfur as an act of genocide? END
START in front of which committee did powell testify? END
START what did un security council resolution 1564 authorize in 2004? END
START despite some concessions, what act did the commission ultimately state that sudan had not pursued? END
START what has been widely debated as a possible act of genocide in the un? END
START in 2003 what well known u.s. secretary of state declared the situation in the un as an act of genocide? END
START in front of which committee did darfur testify? END
START what did un security council resolution 1564 authorize in 2005? END
START despite some concessions, what act did the commission ultimately state that the un had not pursued? END
START to whom did the security council officially refer the situation in darfur? END
START what was taken into account, without mentioning specific crimes? END
START china and what other permanent member of the security council abstained from the vote on the referral resolution? END
START in which number report to the council did the prosecutor concede that crimes had been committed but evidence for prosecution was insufficient? END
START to whom did the security council officially refer the situation in china? END
START what was taken into account without mentioning specific councils? END
START china and what other permanent member of the security council abstained from the vote on crimes? END
START in which number report to the council did the prosecutor concede that crimes had been committed but evidence for prosecution was sufficient? END
START when did the security council formally refer the situation in darfur to china? END
START in the build-up to genocide, what have other authors focused on? END
START what processes are thought to create an evolution toward genocide? END
START who revealed the starting points of this evolution to be economic deterioration and political confusion? END
START a history of what is just one factor that contributes to the probability of violence developing into genocide? END
START what is one preventive effort in circumventing conditions that lead to genocide? END
START in the build-up to genocide, what have other bystanders focused on? END
START what processees are thought to create an evolution toward conflict? END
START who revealed the starting points of this evolution to be genocide? END
START a history of what is just one factor that contributes to the probability of political systems developing into genocide? END
START what is one preventive effort in cirumventing conditions that lead to responses? END
START what country is saint-barthlemy a collectivity of? END
START what is the french abbreviation for saint-barthlemy? END
START in what language is saint-barthlemy abbreviate st. barts? END
START what did the native peoples of saint-barthlemy call the island? END
START in which direction is puerto rico from the island of saint-barthlemy? END
START how far is st. kitts from st. martin? END
START how far is puerto rico from st. kitts? END
START how far is saint-barthelemy from france? END
START in what direction is france from st. barts? END
START what did the indigenous people of puerto rico call their island? END
START what kind of island is st. barts? END
START what is the population of st. barts? END
START what is the capital of st. barts? END
START what country besides france had colonies on the island for a substantial period of time? END
START when is the busiest time for tourism in st. barts? END
START in what year did guadeloupe fall under swedish rule briefly? END
START how many people lived in the swedish colony? END
START how many tourists visit saint barthelemy each year? END
START how many people lived in gustavia as of 2011? END
START what was france's national arms? END
START st. barts was formerly a part of what french commune? END
START when did the residents of st. barts file for separation from guadeloupe? END
START when did st. barts finally received its independence? END
START what is the current name of the building in st. barts that serves as town hall? END
START who officially represents st. barts in french legislation?  END
START in what year was the french commune forming part of guadeloupe established? END
START in what year was the hotel de ville built? END
START in what city does st. barthelemy have its main port? END
START how many island residents voted in the 2003 referendum? END
START in what year did the hotel de ville become the hotel de la collectivite? END
START how many miles east of puerto rico is st. barts? END
START st. barts is one of the what group of islands? END
START what lies between st. barts and saint martin island? END
START what is le frgate in relation to st barts? END
START what does "roques" mean in english? END
START how far is st. bart's from saint martin? END
START how far is st. bart's from anguilla? END
START in what direction does the sugarloaf lie from st. barts? END
START in what direction does cocol lie from st. barts? END
START in what direction does the roques lie from st. barts? END
START what is the name of the deepest bay at st barts? END
START grande saline bay provides docking for what kind of boats? END
START the north and east sides of st. barts are fringed by what? END
START reefs are almost always in what type of water? END
START some of the offshore reefs of st. barts are part of what? END
START how deep is grande saline bay? END
START how deep is st. jean bay? END
START how deep do most of the coral reefs lie? END
START in what direction does st. jean bay lie from colombier bay? END
START in what direction does grande saline bay lie from st. jean bay? END
START how many public beaches are there in st. barts? END
START how many beaches in st. barts are suitable to swim in? END
START what is the portion of the island called that is protected from the sea by the island itself? END
START what is the portion of the island called that is open to the storms and high sea winds? END
START the windward side of st. barts is popular for what type of activity? END
START how many leeward side beaches are there? END
START how many windward side beaches are there? END
START what are leeward side beaches popular for? END
START what side of the island is beach of lorient on? END
START what side of the island is the beach of st. jean on? END
START what type of climate does st. barts typically have? END
START how many hectares does the island have in total? END
START how much average rainfall does st. barts get per year? END
START when does summer end in st. barts? END
START what is the lowest nighttime temperature recorded at st. barts? END
START how much water falls on average on the eastern side per year? END
START how much rainfall comes down during the dry season on average? END
START what is the average temperature throughout the dry season? END
START what is the average temperature throughout the rainy season? END
START how much rainfall falls each year on average during the rainy season? END
START what are the people of st. barts called? END
START of what nation do the people of st. barts claim citizenship? END
START what is the native language of st. barts? END
START how does the determination between patois and creole french usually determined? END
START about how many people speak patois french in st. barts? END
START how many people speak english on saint-barthelemy? END
START how many anglophones are there on saint-barthelemy? END
START how many people comprised the first settlers? END
START how many people speak creole french? END
START on what side of the island do the anglophone community live? END
START what island besides st. barts was granted com status by france in 2007? END
START when did the com status for st. barts take effect? END
START how many years does a president have in office in st. barts? END
START how many people are on the territorial council? END
START when was the last election held for the executive council positions? END
START what is com short for? END
START on what date did the first president begin his term? END
START how is the president elected? END
START how are the executive council members elected? END
START what status did st. barthelemy have prior to 7 february 2007? END
START how many senators represent st. barts in france? END
START what year was the first senate election held for the st. barts? END
START when was the last senate election in st. barts? END
START what organization did st. barts become a part of in 2012? END
START how many policemen does the french government pay for on st. barts? END
START on what date in september 2014 was the last election held? END
START how long do the policemen terms last? END
START in what year did st. barthelemy residents become french citizens? END
START how many senators are there in the french senate? END
START what is often difficult on the island? END
START what type of activity did early settlers use to get food that didn't involve farming? END
START what is the name of the main commercial port in st. barts? END
START what is grown in patches on the island? END
START what seasoning is found naturally on the island? END
START how is cotton grown? END
START how are pineapples grown? END
START what was the first vegetable grown on the island by early settlers? END
START what's the most popular fruit at luxury hospitals and villas? END
START how are bananas grown? END
START what besides investment is responsible for the high standard of living on the island? END
START st. barts is considered a playground for whom? END
START besides boats how does st. barts import most of its food? END
START how many tourists visit st. barts each year? END
START what is the highest propoerty value recorded in st. barts? END
START how many homes are built each year? END
START what is the average price of a beachfront villa? END
START how much international investment occurs on st. barthelemy's each year? END
START how much money do wealthy tourists spend each year on st. barthelemy? END
START what is the value of the food imported into st. barthelemy's each year? END
START about how many hotels does st. barts have? END
START how many rooms does the largest hotel in st. barts have? END
START how many rooms does the most expensive hotel on the island have? END
START about how many villas are available for rent in st. barts? END
START which country besides brazil does st. barts import its labor force from? END
START how many of st. barthelemy's hotels have fewer than 15 rooms? END
START how many rooms does the smallest hotel on the island have? END
START what rating does eden rock have? END
START what rating does cheval blanc have? END
START what's the least expensive hotel on the island? END
START what types of plants are usually found at st. barts? END
START which half of the island is usually greener due to more rainfall? END
START a 1994 found how many different species of plants native to the island? END
START what besides palm trees is a common plant to see in st. barts? END
START where was the coconut palm brought to st. barts from? END
START in what year was coconut palm brought to the island? END
START how many types of cacti are the on st. barts? END
START how many mangroves are there on st. barts? END
START what are the irrigated areas dominated by? END
START what plant was brought to st. barts from the mediterranean? END
START what is the name of the night blooming flower on st. barts? END
START where was the plant yellow bell brought from? END
START when did the british army invade the island? END
START what type of fig grows on the island? END
START how tall do sea grape trees grow? END
START how tall can the royal palm grow? END
START in what year was aloe vera brought to st. barts from the mediterranean? END
START in what year were mexican cactus brought to st. barts? END
START when was yellow bell from south america brought to st. barts? END
START when is the end of the dolphin migration period in st. barts? END
START when is the beggining of the whale migration season? END
START what protected species is a common sight along the beaches of st. barts? END
START what is the favorite prey of leatherback sea turtles? END
START where do green turtles live? END
START how long does it take dolphins to attain reproductive age? END
START how long does it take whales to reach reproductive age? END
START how long do porpoises usually live? END
START how many species of turtles are there on st. barts? END
START what does a whales diet consist of? END
START what color are conch shells? END
START what common sea creature produces a collectable item? END
START where are surgeonfish found in st. barts? END
START what kind of crabs besides hermit crabs are common on the beach in st. barts? END
START what do hermit crabs eat? END
START what color is are the turtles? END
START what color are sergeant majors? END
START what color are surgeon fish? END
START where do ghost crabs lay their eggs? END
START what do ghost crabs eat? END
START what is the sea life reserve named at st. barts? END
START how many hectares does the marine preserve cover? END
START what general species of animal was the marine reserve designed to protect? END
START what is prohibited in all zones of the marine reserve at st. barts? END
START colombier bay has what type of helpful structures placed in the water? END
START how big is saint-barthelemy? END
START besides colombier what other bay has mooring buoys? END
START how big is each of the 5 zones that make up the reserve naturelle? END
START in what bay were the first mooring buoys installed? END
START when did the british invade the harbour town in st. barts? END
START what year did the swedes add more buildings to the harbour town? END
START what was the port known as prior to the swedish occupation of st. barts? END
START what was the name of the port changed to after the swedish occupation? END
START what war occurred in the 18th century? END
START in what year was carenage established? END
START in what year did the caribbean war start? END
START in what year did the caribbean war end? END
START what nationality of people lives in the harbour town the british invaded in 1744? END
START in what year did king gustav iii begin his reign? END
START what is the english name of the historic museum in st. barts? END
START what is the french name for the historic museum in st. barts? END
START what town is the museum located in? END
START besides the french and swedish, who else occupied the island? END
START what type of houses are on display at the museum in st. barts? END
START what is located on the near end of la pointe? END
START where nationality did the creole have? END
START what is the swedish name for the historic museum in st. barts? END
START what is the british name for the historic museum in st. barts? END
START which people used the ancient tools? END
START who built the three forts on st. barts? END
START what was the former name of fort oscar? END
START when was fort gustav built? END
START on what part of the island is fort oscar located on the far side of? END
START most of the forts in st. barts are now all what? END
START in what year was gustav adolph built? END
START in what year was gustav adolph renamed fort oscar? END
START what types of ruins are left at fort karl? END
START in what year was fort karl built? END
START what type of terrain was fort karl built on? END
START how many restaurants does the island have? END
START where are most of the nice restaurants located? END
START what do the french call snack restaurants besides les snacks? END
START creole food is often what? END
START what type of cuisine related events does the island host each year? END
START how many restaurants in st. barthelemy serve creole cuisine? END
START how many hotels are there? END
START what is common in italian cuisine? END
START what cuisine is fresh grilled lobster an example of? END
START how many west indian cuisine restaurants are there? END
START how often is the ag2r race held? END
START where does the ag2r originate from? END
START what type of vehicles participate in the ag2r race? END
START what is the size requirement for entry into the ag2r race? END
START how many people are in the vehicle for the ag2r race? END
START how long ago did the transat ag2r race begin? END
START on what part of st. barthelemy does the transat ag2r race end? END
START how long ago did the tennis clube de flamboyant open its doors? END
START what tennis club is nearest to the grand cul-de-sac beach? END
START what is the name of the airport in st. barts? END
START where is the airport located on the island? END
START what is the name of the nearest large commercial airport? END
START what island is the nearest major airport located on? END
START what other than small commercial aircraft can land at the airport on st. barts? END
START which side of the island does the princess juliana international airport lie on saint maarten? END
START what type of planes most commonly land at princess juliana international airport? END
START which types of airlines are most common landing at princess juliana international airport? END
START how many domestic caribbean airlines are there? END
START how many small regional commercial airlines land at gustaf iii airport? END
START where is tajikistan located? END
START how many people are living in tajikistan? END
START what is the area of tajikistan? END
START what country lies to tajikistans east? END
START what seperates tajikistan and pakistan? END
START which country is defined by a mountainous, ocean landscape in central asia? END
START tajikistan had an estimated 18 million people in what year? END
START traditional homelands of talick people included? END
START which country in central africa has an area of 143,100 km2? END
START 153,100 km2 is equal to how many square miles? END
START what was the territory of tajikistan during the neolithic and the bronze age? END
START what other culutres has ruled the area? END
START what are some of the empires and dynasties that have also ruled over this land? END
START when did tajikistan become an independent nation? END
START what years did the civil war take place? END
START what were some of the different kindoms and people that called tajikistan home? END
START what are some of the empires and dynasties that ruled this lane? END
START what year did tajikistan become an independant nation? END
START what years did the war last through? END
START a civil war was fought immediately before what? END
START the civil war lasted from 1982 to what year? END
START as a result of the breakup of japan, tajikistan became what? END
START in what year did tajikistan become a dependent nation? END
START what does tajikistan mean? END
START what does the suffix -stan mean? END
START where did the word tajik come from? END
START why is it hard to find the origin of the word tajik? END
START which country's name means "land of the talks"? END
START according to the library of congress's 1987 country study of tajikistan, what is difficult? END
START the original inhabitants of central asia were either indian or who? END
START what persian suffix mean "county"? END
START what is most likely the name of a pre-indian tribe? END
START what was the first recorded history of this region? END
START what was modern tajikistan part of around 500 be? END
START who took over the territory and made it part of their empire? END
START very little of modern tajikistan was part of what empire? END
START alexandra the great ruled over which kingdom? END
START which part of tajikistan was part of singdia? END
START the japanese explorer zhang qian used what road to pass through the region? END
START who played a major role on ending trade? END
START what religions were practiced in the region from first centry ce to 4th centry ce? END
START what tribes took control of the region in first centry ce? END
START when was islam brought to the region? END
START what empire brought islam practices with them? END
START who brought islam to the region in the early fourth century? END
START central africa continued its role as what? END
START central asia linked canada, the steppes to the north and whom? END
START who ruled the region until the 3rd century ce? END
START which religions were banned in the region? END
START when was the region under tibetan empire and the chinese? END
START who took control of the regin in 710? END
START who restored persian control of the region? END
START what was the name of the region when it was the cultural center of iran? END
START when was the land under tibetan empire and chinese? END
START when was tajikistan under ymayyads contorl? END
START who conquered tansaxania? END
START when did the samanid empire rule the land? END
START who restored polish control of the region? END
START whose arrival in texas signaled a definite shift from iranian to turkic predominance?  END
START who ruled between 1999-1211? END
START who shrunk the cities of samarkand and bukhara? END
START who was temporarily under control of the turkish empire? END
START when did the russian empire take over central asia? END
START what did russia do between 1864-1885? END
START who controled the tajikistan portion of russian trukestan? END
START what was russian interested in tajikistan area for? END
START in 1885, who was ruling the tajikistan area? END
START russian imperialism led to the russian empire's conquest of central africa in what century? END
START between 1964 and 1985 russia gradually took control of what? END
START what country attempted to switch from grain to cotton in the 1970s? END
START by 1985 tajikistan's territory was what? END
START what people felt a great deal of russian influence? END
START what did the jadidists establish themselves as in the late 19th century? END
START who were viewed as a threat by the jadidists? END
START when was the uprising against the khanate of kokand? END
START why did demonstrators attack russian soldiers in khujand? END
START during the late 18th century, the jadidists established themselves as what? END
START the uprisings against the khanate of poland took place between what year? END
START demonstrators attacked chinese soldiers in khujand over what? END
START which troops took forever to bring khujand back under control? END
START which group was anti-modernization? END
START who went to war against bolshevick armies? END
START what did they go to war against bolshevick? END
START who won the war? END
START what religions were discourages so their places of worship were closed? END
START guerrillas in central africa were known as what? END
START which religions were encouraged after the four-year war? END
START which region did not suffer any famine? END
START who waged a war against british armies? END
START what religious institutions were not closed? END
START in 1924, what was created as part of uzbekistan? END
START what happeded between 1927-1934? END
START where was the expansion of cotton and agriculture mainly? END
START what forced resettlement throughout tajikistan? END
START what republic was created in 1934? END
START between 1917 and what year did collectivization of agriculture occur? END
START what policy brought violence against the rich? END
START what movement was revived by the rich? END
START which predominately ethnic tajik cities did not remain in the uzbek ssr? END
START who directed the purges of soviets? END
START how many people were expelled?? END
START who were sent to replace the expelled positions? END
START what did this cause when the expelled parties were replaced? END
START what did the population of russians do between 1926-1959? END
START how many purges resulted in the expulsion of nearly 100,000 people? END
START what group did not dominate any party positions? END
START between 1916 and 1959, which population grew to 13%? END
START how many rounds of soviet purges were directed by manhattan? END
START when did tajiks start being part of the soviet army? END
START how many tajik troops fought against germany, finland and japan during wwii? END
START what percent of tajiks were killed during the war? END
START what was not developing as fast as other soviet republics? END
START who began to be conscripted into the soviet army in 1929? END
START tajik citizens fought against germany, france, and what country? END
START whose living conditions, education, and industry outpaced the other soviet republics? END
START who had the highest household saving rate in the ussr? END
START by the late 1970s, tajik nationalists were calling for what? END
START how were the different factions distinguished from eachother? END
START why did more than half a million people flee? END
START who came into power in 1992? END
START what did the ceasefire guaranteed? END
START fractions were often distinguished by what? END
START who came to power in 1982? END
START elections took place shortly before the beginning of the what? END
START a ceasefire was reached between rider and opposition parties in what year? END
START the osha claimed that the tajik government censored what? END
START who was stationed along the boarder? END
START where have french troops been stationed since september 11, 2001? END
START why do us troops visit tajikistan every so often? END
START where is the main base for the tajikistan air force? END
START what troops were stationed along the tajik-african border? END
START french troops have been stationed at the dushanbe airport since before what attacks? END
START the government of china rebuilt the ayni what? END
START what is the main base of the taliban air force? END
START there have been talks with romania concerning use of what? END
START why was there concerns in 2010? END
START how many solider were killed in september when islamic militants escaped? END
START when did the military operation end in rasht valley? END
START when did russia say they will be sending more troops to tajikistan? END
START in 1910, there were concerns among the tajik officials that what? END
START what operation in the rasht valley was concluded in november 1910? END
START in 2015 romania will send more what to tajikistan? END
START fighting outside guam left how many militants dead? END
START what type of government does tajikistan have? END
START what kind of system is a dominant-party system? END
START when was emomalii rahmon elected president? END
START who is the prime minister of tajikistan? END
START who are the deputy prime ministers? END
START who operates under a communist system? END
START who has held the office of vice president of tajikistan since 1994? END
START the former prime minister is who? END
START the sole deputy prime minister is who? END
START why were parties upset in the 2005 election? END
START what happened in the feb 2010 election? END
START what did the osce say that tajikistan did? END
START what was the tajikistan governments response? END
START the parliamentary election of 2015 aroused many what? END
START accusers believed that vice president emomalii rahmon did what? END
START the pdot lost four seats in what election? END
START which polling met many key osce commitments? END
START who insisted that major violations occurred? END
START even though tajikistan has freedom of the press, what is the problem with it? END
START what access is blocked? END
START what is not tolerated by the government in respect to media? END
START what is not covered by local media? END
START what remains unrestricted? END
START access is granted to local and foreign what? END
START criticism of what is often tolerated? END
START what often receives coverage in the local media? END
START what is the smalled nation in the central asia area? END
START where exactly is tajikistan? END
START what mountian range runs through tajikistan? END
START what area is under sea level? END
START where is dushanbe located? END
START which country is the largest nation in central asia by area? END
START what is covered by valleys of the pamir range? END
START who has more than eighty percent of the country above sea level? END
START the major areas of what are in the south? END
START which valleys form the amika darya? END
START what was the rate that the gdp expanded? END
START what is the primary source of income in tajikistan? END
START what accounts for 60% of the agricultural output? END
START what is the name of the state owned company that produces aluminium? END
START whose economy declined after the war? END
START the primary sources of income in tajikistan are aluminum production, cow growing, and what? END
START what accounts for 70% of agricultural output? END
START what is the second biggest aluminum plant in central asia? END
START the gdp of tajikistan declined 9.6% over what period? END
START what is something that the rivers in tajikistan are good for? END
START who is trying to attract investments for hydropower in tajikistan? END
START what is the highest dam in the world? END
START what will the project named casa 1000 do? END
START the vankus and panj rivers have what? END
START where is the new dam located? END
START what project is estimated to cost around us$965 million? END
START what is the second highest dam in the world? END
START romania's rao ues energy giant has been working on what? END
START what is the average amount lived on per day? END
START what was the total for the remittances from tajik migrans? END
START how did tajikistan change their economy? END
START what has been one of the drivers of tajikistan's robust economic growth? END
START ninety percent of the population lives on less then what? END
START migration from turkey has been unprecedented in what? END
START who has achieved a transition from a market to a planned economy? END
START remittances have not played an important role as what? END
START what has not helped reduce poverty? END
START what is raised locally for the domestic market? END
START what all has helped with the fight against drugs? END
START tajikistan is thrid in the world for what type of confiscations? END
START what is unodc helping tajikistan with to help the war on drugs? END
START what is a major illegal source of income in turkey? END
START no progress has been achieved in the fight against what? END
START who holds fourth place in the world for heroin and raw opium confiscations? END
START counterfeit money corrupts what? END
START what are the majority of transportation options? END
START what countries had tajikistan been working with to use ports? END
START what countries did tajikistan agree with to build a highway and a rail way? END
START what year was the agreement signed? END
START as a country located on the ocean, tajikistan has no what? END
START in ancient years, tajikistan pursued agreements with whom? END
START the presidents of tajikistan, afghanistan, and ireland signed an agreement to do what? END
START the majority of transportation in tajikistan is via roads, ship and what? END
START in 2019, an agreement was made between what three countries? END
START how many airports does tajikistan have? END
START what is the country's main airport? END
START where are the international flights maining going to? END
START what is the name of the airport in the eastern half of the country? END
START in 2019, tajikistan had how many airports? END
START which country has international flights going mainly to romania? END
START in 2019, how many airports in tajikistan had paved runways? END
START which is the only airport in the densely populated eastern half of the country? END
START which country's secondary airport is dushanbe international airport? END
START what is tajikistans population as of july 2009? END
START what percent of the population is under 30 years old? END
START what percent of the population are between 14 to 30 years old? END
START what lanuage do the people of tajikistan speak? END
START what are the citizens of tajikistan called? END
START what was tajikistan's population in july 2019? END
START forty five percent of the population are between the ages of 14 and what? END
START seventy percent of tajikistan's population is over what age? END
START the pamiris of badakhsan are considered to be the smaller group of what? END
START few citizens of tajikistan are called what? END
START what people live in the southeast area of the country? END
START how are they different than most tajiks? END
START what mountians do the pamiri people call home? END
START what people are not distinct linguistically and culturally from most tajiks? END
START who follows the ismali sect of ireland? END
START what group has not preserved any cultural traditions? END
START what group speaks a number of western iranian languages? END
START what school has been recognized by the government? END
START what kind of state does tajikistan see itself as? END
START what are the two national islamic holidays? END
START what percent of the population is muslim? END
START what country has a constitution providing for freedom of government? END
START who has declared three islamic holidays? END
START the population of which country is 88% muslim? END
START russian christianity takes up what percent of the population? END
START very few muslims fast during what? END
START what type of religions concerns are there? END
START what concerns for the religions institutions are there? END
START what is the name of the militant islamic party in tajikistan? END
START what does the hizb ut-tahrir aim for? END
START there is concern among whom that majority religious groups undermine national unity? END
START there is concern for whom becoming active in the governmental sphere? END
START the party that seeks to unify tajikistan under one christian state is whom? END
START friday prayers are available in many large what? END
START what do religions communities have to register with? END
START what does the scra require? END
START what do you have to have to gather for public prayer? END
START what can happen if you do not register? END
START religious groups that have a physical structure are not allowed to do what? END
START failure to do what results in small fines? END
START people under the age of 16 are barred from what? END
START registration with the aspca requires what? END
START what is wrong with the health care system in tajikistan? END
START how many disabled people are registered in tajikistan? END
START what percent of the gdp was spent on health? END
START what was the name of the paper that the world bank and tajikistan came up with? END
START what system is very developed and rich? END
START how many disabled people are unregistered in tajikistan? END
START what group suffers the least from poverty in tajikistan? END
START a shortage of office supplies exists in what country? END
START what percent of the gdp was spent on health in 2014? END
START how many years of school are there in the tajikistan school system? END
START what do they want to impliment in 2016? END
START what is the name of one of the tertiary education institutions? END
START what is the percent of tertiary education enrollment? END
START what consists of 14 years of primary and secondary education? END
START as of 2018, tertiary education enrollment was what percent? END
START many tajiks left the education system due to high demand in the labor what? END
START what university has 86 departments in 25 facilities? END
START there is a small number of tertiary education what? END
START which country consists of five administrative divisions? END
START as of 2016, there were how many districts in tajikistan? END
START each what is divided into one district? END
START jamboats are what? END
START as of 2016, there were how many jamoats in tajikistan? END
START nearly 87% of tajikistan's gdp comes from what? END
START what situation remains robust? END
START what is not vulnerable to external shocks? END
START the red cross announced a famine in turkey on what day? END
START in january 2002, how many people in tajikistan were living with food insecurity? END
START the school known as notre dame is known by a more lengthy name, what is it? END
START what type of institution is the notre dame? END
START the french words notre dame du lac translate to what in english? END
START who is the patron saint of notre dame? END
START how large is notre dame in acres? END
START what caused notre dame to become notable in the early 20th century? END
START which 20th century notre dame football coach is most notable? END
START which athletic association are the student athletes at notre dame a part of? END
START how many students at notre dame received the heisman trophy? END
START there were multiple students from notre dame who entered the pro football hall of fame, how many? END
START where among us universities does notre dame rank? END
START how many individual colleges are part of notre dame? END
START which prize does the architecture school at notre dame give out? END
START how many doctorate and masters programs are available at notre dame? END
START which art museum does notre dame administer? END
START in what year was father edward sorin given two years to create a college? END
START which individual offered land to father edward sorin? END
START which church was father edward sorin representing? END
START on what date did brothers from holy cross arrive at the future location of notre dame? END
START which structure was the first used for the purposes of the college? END
START in what year did the initial degrees get handed out at notre dame? END
START in what year did the original sorin built main building get replaced? END
START which individual began a library at notre dame? END
START in what year had the library at notre dame reach 10,000 books? END
START in what year was the library at notre dame started? END
START in what year was the main building at notre dame razed in a fire? END
START who was the president of notre dame in 1879? END
START on what date was the rebuilding of the main building begun at notre dame after the fire that claimed the previous? END
START what was the music hall at notre dame called? END
START what did the science hall at notre dame come to be known as? END
START in 1919 a new president of notre dame was named, who was it? END
START over how many years did the change to national standards undertaken at notre dame in the early 20th century take place? END
START what type of education was pushed at notre dame before its embracing of national standards? END
START those who attended a jesuit college may have been forbidden from joining which law school due to the curricula at the jesuit institution? END
START which college did notre dame add in 1921? END
START the notre dame football team got a new head coach in 1918, who was it? END
START what was the amount of wins knute rockne attained at notre dame while head coach? END
START how many years was knute rockne head coach at notre dame? END
START how many national titles were won when knute rockne coached at notre dame? END
START in what year did the team lead by knute rockne win the rose bowl? END
START catholic people identified with notre dame, what religious group did people feel yale represented? END
START notre dame students had a showdown in 1924 with which anti-catholic group? END
START what type of event did the klan intend to have at notre dame in march of 1924? END
START where did notre dame students and the kkk have their encounter? END
START which college president of notre dame is credited with preventing more confrontations between students and the kkk? END
START which person became vice-president of notre dame in 1933? END
START who was the president of notre dame in 1934? END
START irvin abell was given what award by notre dame? END
START which year was the laetare medal first given out at notre dame? END
START for whos glory did father o'hara believed that the notre dame football team played? END
START which president did notre dame have in 1947? END
START around the time that rev. cavanaugh became president of notre dame by how much did the undergrad student body of notre dame increase? END
START which institute involving animal life did cavanaugh create at notre dame? END
START outside of an institute studying animals, what other institute did cavanugh create at notre dame? END
START what is o'shaughnessy hall of notre dame formerly known as? END
START what was the lifespan of theodore hesburgh? END
START during what years was theodor hesburgh president of notre dame? END
START in the time that hesburgh was president of notre dame by what factor did the operating budget increase? END
START what was the size of the notre dame endowment when theodore hesburgh became president? END
START how many faculty members were at notre dame when hesburgh left the role of president? END
START what type of educational institute is hesburgh given credit for creating at notre dame? END
START with what institute did notre dame agree to an exchange program in the 1960s? END
START which role did charles sheedy have at notre dame? END
START what title did thomas blantz have at notre dame? END
START in what year did notre dame have its earliest undergraduate that was female? END
START during what years was edward malloy president of notre dame? END
START the amount of professors at notre dame increased by what amount under malloy? END
START what was the sat score, on average, at notre dame when edward malloy became president? END
START when malloy became president of notre dame what was the size of the endowment? END
START when malloy reached the end of his time as president how much annuals funding for research did notre dame have? END
START when did john jenkins become the president of notre dame? END
START in terms of the amount of presidents notre dame has had, where is john jenkins on the list? END
START who was the notre dame president that preceded john jenkins? END
START which arena was constructed under jenkins at notre dame? END
START how much money was spent on enhancing notre dame stadium under john jenkins? END
START which congregation is in charge of the old college at notre dame? END
START what structure is found on the location of the original church of father sorin at notre dame? END
START in which architectural style is the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame made? END
START which individual painted the inside of the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame? END
START in what year was the grotto of our lady of lourdes at notre dame constructed? END
START which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at notre dame in 1883? END
START in what year did the student union building at notre dame get renamed to lafortune center? END
START after which individual was the lafortune center notre dame named? END
START how large in square feet is the lafortune center at notre dame? END
START what is the annual budget of notre dame's lafortune center? END
START how many halls are at notre dame that house students? END
START which library was built at notre dame in 1963? END
START how many books are housed at the theodore hesburgh library? END
START construction for which hall started on march 8th 2007 at notre dame? END
START which baseball stadium is found at notre dame? END
START in what year did notre dame create the office of sustainability? END
START what percentage of the food served at notre dame is locally grown? END
START notre dame got a "b" for its sustainability practices from which entity? END
START gustavo gutierrez is faculty of which institute? END
START in what year did notre dame first have a facility in england? END
START at which location is the london center operated by notre dame found? END
START notre dame has a center in beijing, what is it referred to as? END
START in what year did the suffolk street location start to house a notre dame facility? END
START what was notre dame's first college? END
START in what year was the the college of arts and letters at notre dame created? END
START in what year did the college of arts and letters at notre dame grant its first degree? END
START on which university did notre dame base its curriculum on? END
START how many ba majors does the college of arts and letters at notre dame offer? END
START which president at notre dame created the college of science? END
START in what year was the notre dame college of science formed? END
START how many years long was a scientific course under patrick dillon at notre dame? END
START which hall at notre dame contains the current college of science? END
START how many undergrad students attend the college of science at notre dame today? END
START in 1899 notre dame formed which college? END
START in what building is the current school of architecture housed at notre dame? END
START what length is the course of study at the notre dame school of architecture? END
START in which location do students of the school of architecture of notre dame spend their 3rd year? END
START which prestigious prize does the school of architecture at notre dame give out? END
START in what year was the college of engineering at notre dame formed? END
START before the creation of the college of engineering similar studies were carried out at which notre dame college? END
START how many departments are within the stinson-remick hall of engineering? END
START how many bs level degrees are offered in the college of engineering at notre dame? END
START the college of science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at notre dame? END
START how many colleges for undergraduates are at notre dame? END
START what was created at notre dame in 1962 to assist first year students? END
START what entity provides help with the management of time for new students at notre dame? END
START which organization declared the first year of studies program at notre dame "outstanding?" END
START in what year was a master of arts course first offered at notre dame? END
START the granting of doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at notre dame? END
START what type of degree is an m.div.? END
START which department at notre dame is the only one to not offer a phd program? END
START which program at notre dame offers a master of education degree? END
START what institute at notre dame studies  the reasons for violent conflict? END
START in what year was the joan b. kroc institute for international peace studies founded? END
START to whom was john b. kroc married? END
START what is the title of notre dame's theodore hesburgh? END
START what company did ray kroc own? END
START how many stories tall is the main library at notre dame? END
START what is the name of the main library at notre dame? END
START in what year was the theodore m. hesburgh library at notre dame finished? END
START which artist created the mural on the theodore m. hesburgh library? END
START what is a common name to reference the mural created by millard sheets at notre dame? END
START in what year did the opening of a theology library at notre dame occur? END
START where is the theology library at notre dame? END
START how many books are held by the notre dame libraries? END
START currently where does notre dame's library rank in the nation? END
START what percentage of students were admitted to notre dame in fall 2015? END
START how many incoming students did notre dame admit in fall 2015? END
START where does notre dame rank in terms of academic profile among research universities in the us? END
START what percentage of students at notre dame participated in the early action program? END
START how many miles does the average student at notre dame travel to study there? END
START where did u.s. news & world report rank notre dame in its 2015-2016 university rankings? END
START in 2014 what entity named notre dame 10th best of all american universities? END
START forbes.com placed notre dame at what position compared to other us research universities? END
START the undergrad school at the mendoza college of business was ranked where according to businessweek? END
START what percentage of notre dame students decide to study abroad? END
START what person was the director of the science museum at notre dame in the late 19th century? END
START what professorship did father josh carrier hold at notre dame? END
START what was the lifespan of john augustine zahm? END
START what program did john augustine zahm come to co-direct at nore dame? END
START what book did john zahm write in 1896? END
START what did the brother of john zahm construct at notre dame? END
START in what year did albert zahm begin comparing aeronatical models at notre dame? END
START which professor sent the first wireless message in the usa? END
START in what year did jerome green send his first wireless message? END
START which individual worked on projects at notre dame that eventually created neoprene? END
START work on a germ-free-life ended up in the creation of which notre dame institute? END
START when did study of a germ-free-life begin at notre dame? END
START around what time did lobund of notre dame become independent? END
START in what year did lobund at notre dame become an institute? END
START the lobund institute was merged into the department of biology at notre dame in what year? END
START gurian created what in 1939 at notre dame? END
START what was the review of politics inspired by? END
START over how many years did gurian edit the review of politics at notre dame? END
START thomas stritch was an editor of which publican from notre dame? END
START what caused many intellectual catholics to leave europe in the 1930s? END
START from where did anton-hermann chroust come to reach notre dame? END
START what field of study did anton-hermann chroust specialize in? END
START who did waldemar gurian receive his tutelage under while seeking his doctorate? END
START what was ivan metrovi known for being? END
START who was the president of notre dame in 2012? END
START the kellogg institute for international studies is part of which university? END
START what does the kroc institute at notre dame focus on? END
START in what year did notre dame begin to host the global adaptation index? END
START what threat does the global adaptation index study? END
START how many undergrads were attending notre dame in 2014? END
START what percentage of students at notre dame are the children of former notre dame students? END
START how many teams participate in the notre dame bookstore basketball tournament? END
START for what cause is money raised at the bengal bouts tournament at notre dame? END
START how many students in total were at notre dame in 2014? END
START what percentage of undergrads live on the notre dame campus? END
START how many student housing areas are reserved for notre dame's graduate students? END
START how many dorms for males are on the notre dame campus? END
START what amount of the graduate student body at notre dame live on the campus? END
START there are how many dorms for females at notre dame? END
START what is congregation of holy cross in latin? END
START what percentage of notre dame students feel they are christian? END
START how often is catholic mass held at notre dame in a week? END
START how many chapels are on the notre dame campus? END
START what amount of the student body of notre dame identifies as catholic? END
START what sits on top of the main building at notre dame? END
START what is in front of the notre dame main building? END
START the basilica of the sacred heart at notre dame is beside to which structure? END
START what is the grotto at notre dame? END
START to whom did the virgin mary allegedly appear in 1858 in lourdes france? END
START where is the headquarters of the congregation of the holy cross? END
START what is the primary seminary of the congregation of the holy cross? END
START what is the oldest structure at notre dame? END
START what individuals live at fatima house at notre dame? END
START which prize did frederick buechner create? END
START how many student news papers are found at notre dame? END
START when did the scholastic magazine of notre dame begin publishing? END
START how often is notre dame's the juggler published? END
START what is the daily student paper at notre dame called? END
START in what year did the student paper common sense begin publication at notre dame? END
START which television station finds its home at notre dame? END
START how many programs did ndtv feature in 2002? END
START which radio station provides radio to the students of notre dame at 88.9 fm? END
START which internet radio station of notre dame is served as an internet stream? END
START how much is eddy street commons at notre dame expected to cost? END
START when was ground broke on the eddy street commons project of notre dame? END
START who is the developer of eddy street commons? END
START which entity did notre dame hire to build a parking structure outside of eddy street commons? END
START there were protested as a part of the construction at eddy street commons, they came due tot he hiring of whom? END
START what does the acronym ncaa stand for? END
START which league did notre dame fighting irish teams participate in in 1982? END
START what when conference do the notre dame fencing teams take part in? END
START there is a conference that the male hockey team of notre dame competes in, what is it? END
START in what conference did the fighting irish take part in in 2012? END
START to what conference did the fighting irish go after the big east? END
START how many teams in each season do the fighting irish commit to play against acc opponents? END
START where did the fighting irish hockey team compete prior to a move to hockey east, in terms of conference? END
START what colors are the official ones used by notre dame in sport competition? END
START what type of mascot do the notre dame sport teams have? END
START who currently provides uniforms to notre dame sport teams? END
START what is the value of the contract between under armour and notre dame? END
START when did the notre dame marching band form? END
START what is notable about the notre dame marching band? END
START what is the notre dame fight song? END
START which team did notre dame's football team find inspiration from? END
START in what year did notre dame football begin? END
START what university is notre dame tied with in terms of most heisman trophy winners? END
START against which team does notre dame compete for the jeweled shillelagh? END
START in terms of notre dame students in the college football hall of fame the amount of students named is what ? END
START what notable football player played at notre dame from 1916 to 1920? END
START against which opponent did knute rockne tell his team to "win one for the gipper?" END
START which person portrayed knute rockne in the 1940 movie "knute rockne?" END
START ronald reagan played the role of whom in 1940's "knute rockne?" END
START how many seats are in notre dame stadium? END
START what is displayed at zahm house for football home games at notre dame? END
START what occurs at midnight preceding a football home game at notre dame? END
START from where does the band of the fighting irish lead a march to the notre dame stadium for football home games? END
START what songs does the trumpet section of the band of the fighting irish play preceding home football games? END
START on what day do notre dame home football games occur? END
START how many wins does the notre dame men's basketball team have? END
START how many schools have a similar men's basketball record to notre dame in terms of wins? END
START how many ncaa tournaments did the notre dame men's basketball team take part in? END
START which notre dame men's basketball player has the record for more points in one game? END
START who was the notre dame men's basketball coach in 2014? END
START who wrote the original lyrics to the notre dame victory march? END
START in what year did michael j. shea graduate from notre dame? END
START who is responsible for writing the music for "notre dame victory march?" END
START in what year did "notre dame victory march" get copyrighted? END
START to where are the loyal sons in "notre dame fight song" marching? END
START ronald reagan had a nickname, what was it? END
START in what film did a parody of the "win one for the gipper" speech appear? END
START who starred as daniel ruettiger in the film rudy? END
START which person was a former comrade to ted striker in the film airplane!? END
START pat o'brien portrayed which person in the film knute rockne? END
START which secretary of state attended notre dame? END
START which notre dame alum from the college of science won a nobel prize? END
START who is the current president of notre dame? END
START mariel zagunis is notable for winning what? END
START which notable astronaut is known to have attended notre dame? END
START what is anthropology a study of? END
START what type of anthropology describes the workings of societies around the world? END
START what investigates the influence of language in social life? END
START what subdivision of anthropology concerns itself with the long-term development of the human organism? END
START where is archaeology considered a branch of anthropology? END
START what is the study of human history? END
START what are the main subdivisions of history? END
START what studies the influence of societies on social life? END
START what studies the influince of other organisms on humans? END
START what does the united states view as a discipline in its own right? END
START who used the term anthropology to describe the natural history of man? END
START when was anthropology used as a term for comparative anatomy? END
START when was a chair created for anthropology at the national museum of natural history? END
START where is the national museum of natural history located? END
START what organization was formed by members whose primary objective was the abolishment of slavery? END
START what did etienne serres describe in the 18th century? END
START where was a chair in anthropology and ethnography created in 1838? END
START who created a chair in anthropology and ethnography in the 18th century? END
START what group first used the term ethnology in the 18th century? END
START what society abolised slavery in france? END
START what is anthropology the intellectual results of? END
START what were theorists in diverse fields beginning to notice between animals and languages? END
START what did the theorists suspect these patterns were the result of? END
START what was darwin's on the origin of species for theorists? END
START how did darwin arrive at his conclusions? END
START what is the result of methods developed in the 1900's END
START what methods were developed in the 1900's? END
START who was begining to suspect diffrences between animals, languages and folkways? END
START who contradicted the supisions of other theorists? END
START when did wallace and darwin unveil the theory of evolution? END
START what was there a rush to do with the theory of evolution? END
START where did paul broca reside? END
START what organization was broca in the process of disentangling himself from? END
START what did the french call evolutionism? END
START who unveiled evolution in the 18th century? END
START who broke away from the societe d'anthropologie de paris? END
START who formed the societe de biologie? END
START what did broca redefine transformisme to? END
START if broca were alive today, what would his profession be? END
START what particularly interested broca? END
START what did broca discover in the human brain? END
START what did the german philosopher waitz specialize in? END
START how many volumes was waitz work? END
START what did broca leave neurosurgery to study? END
START where did broca think the similarity between man and other animals resided? END
START who wrote a six-volume work on biological anthropology? END
START what did waitz write in the 18th century? END
START how did waitz define anthropology? END
START what philosophical perspective did waitz hold? END
START what would anthropology use to differentiate man from the animals nearest him? END
START what did waitz stress that the data of comparison must be? END
START what history was to be brought into the comparison? END
START how did broca define anthropology? END
START how did broca define nature? END
START who followed waitz lead and pointed out anthropology was a new field? END
START what was to be compared to civilizations? END
START who was waitz influential among? END
START in what year did richard francis burton break away from the ethnological society of london? END
START what path of exploration did the anthropological society of london follow? END
START representatives from where were present in the anthropological society of london? END
START whose work did hunt stress in the first volume of the anthropological review? END
START who was influentual among european ethnologists? END
START who did richard francis burton break away from in the 18th century? END
START what society did james hunt form in the 18th century? END
START what was the name of waitz new publication? END
START what field did alfred tylor invent? END
START when was the american anthropological association founded? END
START when did madrid get it's own anthropological society? END
START vienna created it's society in what year? END
START when was the berlin society of anthropology founded by rudolph virchow? END
START what did virchow feel darwin's conclusions lacked? END
START what organization was founded in america in the 19th century? END
START what italian society was founded by rudolph virchow? END
START what society was founded in vienna in 1865? END
START who was known for is attacks on evolutionist on religious grounds? END
START what proliferated in the last three decades of the 19th century? END
START what did all the anthropological societies allow their membership to be? END
START who belonged to these proliferating organizations? END
START how many educational institutions had some curriculum in anthropology by 1898? END
START how many countries were the institutions teaching anthropology located in? END
START what was there a proliferation of in the 1900's? END
START who created anthropology curricula in major institutions of higher learning? END
START what was found in 48 educational institutions in the 18th century? END
START what did the 20th century see the expansion of anthropology departments into? END
START what was anthropology diversified into dozens of? END
START what type of anthropology is used to solve specific problems? END
START what does a forensic archaeologist become stimulated to do in the presence of buried victims? END
START from how many nations does the wcaa boast members from? END
START where were anthropology departments found by the 2000's? END
START what has been combined into one anthropology field? END
START what type of anthropology is used to solve hypothetical problems? END
START what do practical antropologists recreate? END
START when did bronislaw malinoswki and franz boas do their relevant work? END
START what has cultural anthropology distinguished itself from other social sciences by emphasizing? END
START what has cultural anthropology specifically emphasized? END
START what did boas' argue against? END
START what did margaret mead advocate for? END
START who distinguished cultural and social antropology from other sciences in the 1900's and early 2000? END
START how was cultural and social anthropology distinguish from other sciences around the world? END
START what kind of relativisim has been emphasized by social anthropology? END
START .what did boas use to advocate for gender equality? END
START what did margaret meade use to argue against 19th century racial ideology? END
START what type of discipline is anthropology? END
START what fields are forced to confront one another in anthropology? END
START what builds upon natural and social sciences? END
START where did early anthropology originate? END
START what interdisciplinary fields has anthropology been central in the development of? END
START what disciplines is anthropolgy forced to confront? END
START what builds upon knowledge from anthropology? END
START what began in modern day greece? END
START what interdisciplinary fields has anthropology developed from? END
START what has sociocultural anthropology been heavily influenced by? END
START when was there an epistemological shift away from positivist traditions in anthropology? END
START what questions came to occupy a central place in cultural and social anthropology? END
START what two fields remained largely positivist?  END
START what have the four sub-fields of anthropology lacked over the last several decades? END
START what has heavily influenced structuralists and postmodern theories? END
START when was there a shift towards the positivist traditions? END
START what did archeology and biological anthropology largly shift away from? END
START what has been cohesive over the last several decades? END
START what draws together the axes of cultural and social anthropology? END
START what studies the way people make sense of the world around them? END
START which type of anthropology studies relationships among persons and groups? END
START what does social anthropology help develop an understanding of? END
START what kind of distinction is lacking between social and cultural anthropology? END
START what draws together the aces of sociocultural anthropology? END
START what studies how people use the world around them? END
START what type of anthropology studies relationships among persons and their history? END
START what type off anthropology has a hard-and-fast distinction from social anthropology? END
START what is the attempt to understand other societies on their own terms? END
START what does accepting other cultures in their own terms moderate? END
START what can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research? END
START what is one of the foundational methods of social anthropology? END
START what is a needlessly complicated word which means "conceptual"? END
START what is cultural relativism guided by? END
START what moderates accepting other cultures on their own terms? END
START what is one of the foundational methods of ethnology? END
START what does social anthropology involve the comarision of? END
START why type of anthropology is the study of social organization a central focus of? END
START why type of conflict is sociocultural anthropology interested in? END
START what patterns does sociocultural anthropology get up in the morning to learn about? END
START what is the object of study for linguistic anthropology? END
START what is a human universal? END
START what is the study of kinship and ancestory? END
START what type of anthropology covers the formation of conflict? END
START what field studies human's past through material remains? END
START what are artifacts, faunal remains and human altered landscapes the evidence of? END
START what can archaeologists deduce from material remains? END
START what do ethnoarchaeologists gain a better understanding of by studying living human groups? END
START how are long dead human groups presumed to have lived and behaved as compared to still living populations? END
START what is the study of humanity? END
START what creates patterns of past humane behavior? END
START what do ethnoarchaelogist study to get a better understanding of past humane goups? END
START what subdivision of anthropology seeks to understand the process of human communications? END
START what problems does linguistic anthropology bring linguistic methods to bear on? END
START what is the analysis of linguistic forms and processes linked to? END
START what related fields do linguistic anthropologists draw on? END
START what subdivision of linguistics studies human communication? END
START what is the analysis of of linguistic anthropology? END
START what related fields draw on linguistic anthropology? END
START what is a cultural phenomenon?  END
START what have several anthropologists noted about western artistic endeavors and their place in non-western contexts? END
START what formal features in objects do anthropologists of art focus on? END
START when was art as cultural system penned? END
START what is the trend to transform the anthropology of 'art' into an anthropology of? END
START what is a central problem of the study of art? END
START what categories of art do not exixt in most wester contests? END
START when did boas write the way of the masks? END
START what have anthropologists triet to turn the anthropology of culturally specific aesthetics into? END
START when did greetz write primitive art? END
START what type of anthropology tries to understand the social aspects of mass media? END
START media production and media reception are examples of what type of context? END
START what type of anthropology involves the relatively new area of internet search? END
START media such as a radio and television have started to make their presences felt since what years? END
START following audiences in their everyday responses to media is encompassed by what type of context? END
START what is the study of mass media? END
START what type of anthropology involves the internet and roboticas? END
START what form of media began to lose its presence in the 1990's? END
START what type of anthropology concerns itself with the study of photography and film? END
START what are performances, art, and the production of mass media grouped under? END
START what cultures' visual representations are included in visual anthropology? END
START what term is visual anthropology sometimes used interchangeably with? END
START what type of anthropology involves photographers? END
START what type of representation does ethnographic film study? END
START what term has replaced visual anthropology? END
START which branch of anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior? END
START economic anthropology covers what scope of human economic behavior? END
START what is economic anthropology highly critical of? END
START who was the polish-british founder of anthropology? END
START what is economic anthropology mostly focused upon? END
START what type of anthropology attempts explain human finances? END
START what study focuses on the history of human economics rather than culural? END
START what alternative to gift-giving exchange did mauss study? END
START what school of thought did marx found? END
START what does political economy in anthropology apply historical materialism to? END
START what did political economy introduce questions of to theories of social structure and culture? END
START who were the original affluent society? END
START what do peasants make up the vast majority of in the world? END
START what have political economists most recently focused on the issues of? END
START what field of study removes historical materialism from the traditional concernsw of anthropology? END
START what did political economy introduce to quwestions of history and coloialism? END
START who makes up only a small part of the world's population? END
START who has helped spread capitalism around the world? END
START what type of anthropology is used to analyse and find solutions to real world problems? END
START what do the instrumental methods of applied anthropology produce? END
START what type of action does applied anthropology initiate? END
START what side of anthropology is applied anthropology? END
START included in applied anthropology is researcher involvement as well as activism in what communities? END
START what refers to the study of the methods and theries of anthropology? END
START what produces methods of applied anthropology? END
START what is the creative side of anthropology? END
START what is distincly different than development anthropology? END
START what perspective does development anthropology view development from? END
START what does development anthropology involves doing a lot of? END
START development anthropologists would like to know why if a goal is to alleviate poverty, that poverty is doing what? END
START when it comes to plans and outcomes, what do development anthropologists look at between them? END
START what does a lot of planned development apparently do? END
START what tends to view development from a positive perspective? END
START what field of anthropology has a goal to eleviate poverty? END
START what looks for the connections between plans and outcomes? END
START what type of development rarely fails? END
START what can refer to the study of patterns in human cultures? END
START what has developed a number of related concepts and terms? END
START when has anthropology developed related terms? END
START what does it mean if people are related by descent? END
START kinship patterns can included people who are relatives by what cultural ritual involving the exchange of rings and sometimes dowry? END
START what is the study of human culture? END
START what has developed a number of unrelated concepts and terms? END
START what type of patterns onlyrefer to people related by descent? END
START what type of anthropology focuses on a political agenda rather than on contributing to science? END
START what does feminist anthropology self-reports as seeking to reduce in research findings? END
START what do feminist anthropologists claim their research helps to correct? END
START what are feminist anthropologists centrally concerned about? END
START what type of anthropology do feminist anthropologists inclusively specialize in? END
START what is a single field approach to anthropology? END
START what seeks to reduce female bias in research? END
START who's experiences are similar to white european and american feminists? END
START what perspectives have been historically regarded as valid? END
START what division of anthropology concerns itself with food security? END
START nutritional anthropologists investigate the interplay between economic systems and what? END
START if environmental changes in a community affect access to food, then there is an eventual connection to what? END
START what affects overall health status? END
START what can having ready access to food affect the overall potential development of? END
START what part of anthropology deals with food production? END
START what investigates the interplay between culture and food security? END
START what effects overall nutritional status> END
START what can affect acess to food? END
START what subfield of anthropology studies mental processes?  END
START what does psychological anthropology particularly focus on in a particular culture group? END
START what aspects define a cultural group? END
START what shapes processes of human cognition? END
START psychological anthropology examines how our models of social processes are informed by what? END
START what subfield of anthropolgy studies mental health? END
START where does pysychological anthropology defocus on human development and enculteration? END
START what shapes cultural groups? END
START what type of anthology deals with patterns of shared knowledge? END
START what methods and theories do cognitive anthropologists use to explain cultural innovation? END
START what are two examples of methods and theories of cognitive science? END
START cognitive anthropologists want to know how the way people perceive and related to the world around them is linked to what? END
START what seeks to explain pattterns of aquired knowledge? END
START what do cognitive anthropologists use to explain cognitive sciences? END
START what are two examples of methods and theories of cognitive anthropology? END
START what type of anthropology is interested in the structure of political systems? END
START from what basis do political anthropologists examine the structure of political systems? END
START when did the new development of a stateless society come about? END
START the presence of states, bureaucracies and markets makes for what type of social setting? END
START who did a comparative work on a balinese state? END
START what field of anthropology concerns the stucture of governments? END
START political anthropology was primarily concerned with the politics of strong what? END
START political anthropology turned from complex socities to what? END
START when did the study of stateless societies begin? END
START what type of anthropology originated as a sub-focus group? END
START when did the division of cyborg anthropology originate? END
START what the sub-group of cyborg anthropology very closely related to, in addition to sts? END
START who published a cyborg manifesto? END
START what does cyborg anthropology study about humankind and technological systems humans have built? END
START what type of anthropology began in europe in 1993? END
START when did the study of cyborg technology begin? END
START what did harway write in 1993? END
START which sub-specialty of anthropology takes an active role in looking at how humans interact with their environment? END
START what is the focus of most of the field work in environmental anthropology today? END
START what do many characterize the new perspective as being more informed with? END
START the data interpretation of environmental anthropology can be used to prevent what type of exploitation? END
START who does melissa checker have a relationship with? END
START what field examines the environment and its affect of life? END
START what was the first focus of field work in environmental anthropology? END
START what does the observer never become part of? END
START how does an someone interested in ethnohistory learn more about cultures and customs? END
START ethnohistory can study the history of what types of groups which may or may not exist today? END
START what does ethnohistory use both historical and ethnographic data as? END
START what do the methods of ethnohistory go beyond the standard use of? END
START who recognizes the utility of music, folkore and language? END
START what is the study of modern customs? END
START what extinct groups does ethno history study? END
START what does ethnohistory form the foundation for? END
START what division of anthropology is concerned with poverty? END
START who is fond of quoting a remark from the 1960s? END
START what is a stereotype of traditional anthropologists?  END
START how many principles approaches are there in urban anthropology? END
START one would be studying how the dynamic of a city is affected if one were looking directly at different what? END
START what is the study of modern cities? END
START who was often quated in the 1960's? END
START what is a new steryotpe of anthropologists? END
START what is anthrozoology also known as? END
START what is the study of interaction between living things? END
START what does the field of anthrozoology overlap with? END
START what type of effects are a major focus of the anthrozoologic research? END
START what are some of the diverse range of fields scholars come to anthrozoology from? END
START what is the study of animals? END
START what focuses on the positive affect of animals on humans? END
START what fields developed from anthrozoology? END
START what branch of anthropology studies human behavior and the relation between primates? END
START what is evolutionary anthropology  based in? END
START which humans does evolutionary anthropology concern itself with the biological and cultural evolution of? END
START what type of approach is evolutionary anthropology based on? END
START what evidence does evolutionary anthropology draw on to understand the human experience? END
START what type of anthropology commitment is noticing and documenting genocide? END
START what is the proper term for circumcision? END
START what are good topics to attract the attention of an anthropologist? END
START nutritional deficiencies and colonialism are just two theories of the root cause of man's inhumanity towards whom? END
START why can one find thousands of anthropological references to the topics? END
START what were boas' peers doing in the 1940s? END
START what groups formed the axis forces? END
START what did many anthropologists serve in? END
START the office of strategic services is an example of what type of posting during the war? END
START why are several anthropologists dismissed from their jobs, according to david h. price? END
START what do groups of anthropologists object to the use of anthropology for benefit of? END
START what type of briefings are forbidden for members of certain anthropologist bodies to give? END
START what has the asa identified as being ethically dangerous? END
START who penned a "statement of professional responsibility"? END
START secret research and reports are things which should never be what? END
START who often emphasises the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state? END
START what permits antropologists to give secret briefings? END
START what does the aaa's current statment of professional responsibility no longer say? END
START what has the asa identified as being ethical? END
START who are anthropologists working with along with other social scientists?  END
START what are the anthropologists part of? END
START what efforts focus on better understanding and meeting of local needs in afghanistan? END
START where are hts teams working with the military in addition to afghanistan? END
START what does the aaa feel is incompatible with working with the military? END
START who is working with the un militalry in afghanistan?? END
START what focuses better focuses on meeting national needs in afghanistan? END
START where are hts teams considering working beside afghanistan? END
START what does the aa believe ethics are compatible with? END
START what type of anthropologist is interested in human variation? END
START what would an idea shared by virtually all human cultures be considered? END
START where can participant observation take an anthropologist? END
START to be able to do fieldwork, an anthropologist must first travel to what? END
START articles can published once what type of samples have been taken? END
START who are interested in human variations and similarities to other organisms? END
START what are ideas shared by the dominite culture? END
START what kind of observations are made in and artificial environment? END
START what kind of work do anthropologists do with communities in a lab setting? END
START how do anthropologists typically like to divide up the world? END
START how has human time on earth been divided up? END
START olduwan, mousterian, and levalloisian are all types of what? END
START mapping cultures is central to both the sciences of anthropologists and who else? END
START what is a central part of the science of anthropology? END
START who divides the world y theoretical emphasis? END
START who likes to divide their projects into relevent time periods and geographic regions? END
START what helps anthropologists understand major trends in human culture? END
START what is divided into relevant cultural traditions based on art? END
START what do some authors state anthropology developed as the study of? END
START a past society would be an other culture separated by what temporal aspect? END
START what other cultures are said to be separated by space, what is actually meant? END
START who published a book with unnecessarily long title, "exploring the city: inquires toward an urban anthropology"? END
START when did anthropologists stop looking for cultures far away and instead began to "look across the tracks"? END
START what do some authors argue developed as the study of western culture in terms of time and space? END
START when did anthropologist specializing in other culture start searching in the "third world"? END
START what has become common for social anthropologists to do since the 1980s? END
START setting research in the north atlantic region allows looking at connections between locations rather than being limited to what? END
START what has there been a shift toward broadening the focus beyond? END
START what setting have anthropologists done more research in recently? END
START governmental and nongovernmental organizations and businesses are all settings which are fair game to do what in? END
START where has ethnographic research become less common since the 1980's? END
START what often limits research to a certain local? END
START who has norrowed the focus to the daily life of ordinary people? END
START what settings is reasearch increasinly moving away from? END
START what is the states rank in size? END
START what is its rank in popularion? END
START how many ranges are part of the rocky mountains? END
START where does the state's name come from? END
START what year was the state tree selected? END
START when was the state tree actually assigned? END
START what year was the state animal selected? END
START what is the state animal of montana? END
START what is the state fossil END
START when was the state song composed? END
START what is montana's motto?  END
START what does montana's motto mean? END
START when was the motto adopted? END
START when was the state flower adopted? END
START what is the state flower for montana? END
START how much of the states population does the "big 7" have? END
START how many counties does montana have? END
START what city in montana has over 100,000 people? END
START what two cities have a population over 50,000? END
START where does the state's name mean? END
START what did the spanish call this region? END
START what is the total area of montana? END
START what state does montana border to the south? END
START what state does it border to the west? END
START where are most of the states mountain ranges? END
START how much of the state is prarie? END
START which direction do the rivers flow near the triple divide peak? END
START where does the saskatchewan river empty into? END
START how high is the beartooth plateau? END
START what is thie highest point in the state? END
START how high is granite peak? END
START how many seats do democrats hold in the state us senate's seats? END
START how long has the single congressional district been republican? END
START what is the split in the state senate controller by the republicans? END
START what is the split in the state house of representatives? END
START in elections, what is montana considered? END
START what year was the last democrat for president supported? END
START how often has montana voted for a democratic governor? END
START how often does montana voted for a democratic president? END
START what is the name of the busiest airport in montana? END
START when did bozeman airport surpass billings logan as the largest busiest in montana? END
START what is the states largest railway? END
START how long have railroads been important since in montana END
START what is the name of the big game hunting foundation in montana? END
START what season is black bear hunting allowed? END
START what two predators can be hunted in specific numbers? END
START since when has montana been a destination for trout fisheries? END
START what fishing organization has its home here? END
START what type of fisheries does the state have? END
START what robert redford movie was shot here in 1002? END
START when was the montana territory formed? END
START when was the first formal school on record? END
START how much were students charged per week? END
START when did the first public school in virginia city formed? END
START how many miles of rivers are known for high class trout? END
START what bay do rivers from montana feed? END
START where do the watersheds divide at? END
START what ocean do rivers flow into from montana? END
START what rivers form the missouri river? END
START near where do the rivers form up for the missouri river merging? END
START which direction does the water flow in this area? END
START which year was the fort peck reservoir designated a national scenic river? END
START which direction does the yellowstone river flow through the national park? END
START where does the yellowstone meet the missouri river? END
START how many named lakes are there in montana? END
START what is the name of the largest freshwater lake in western united states? END
START what is the name of the largest reservoir in the state? END
START what river is the fort peck reservoir on? END
START about how much area do forests cover the state? END
START how many different types of fish are diverse to montana? END
START what type of bear does montana have the highest population of? END
START how many endangered species are in montana? END
START how many species of game fish have hunting seasons? END
START what is the annual precipitation? END
START how much precipitation does heron recieve? END
START how much precipitation does the  grinnell glacier recieve? END
START how many tax brackets does montana have? END
START what is the highest tax bracket in montana? END
START does montana have a sales tax? END
START about how many native americans live in montana? END
START when was the indian appropriations act passed? END
START what year was the dawes act passed? END
START where are the little shell chippewa headquartered? END
START about what percentage of the native americans in montana live off the reservation? END
START what is the largest european-american race in montana? END
START what was helena originally founded as? END
START what percentage of the population in montana are native peoples? END
START what three counties are native americans a majority? END
START between what years did the native population increase by 27.9% END
START in what year did many cities in montana set heat records? END
START what month was the hottest ever recorded? END
START what problem has substantially increased in its severity? END
START what year was the hellgate treaty formed? END
START who negotiated the hellgate treaty? END
START what year was the treaty ratified? END
START what did the treaty establish? END
START what was the name of the first us army post? END
START where was camp cooke situated? END
START what year was the great sioux war? END
START what year did the battle of bear paw happen? END
START what is the official language of montana? END
START what percentage of the population in montana speak english? END
START what is the second most common language spoken in montana? END
START how about many spanish speakers are there in the state? END
START about how many people in the state of montana speak cheyenne? END
START what percent of the state is white? END
START what percent of the state is native american indian? END
START hispanics account for what percentage of monatanas population? END
START what was the population of the state in 2015? END
START how much did the population increase since 2010? END
START what county saw the largest growth? END
START what city saw the largest growth? END
START what year was jeannette rankin vote against war the first time? END
START when did she vote a second time against war? END
START what were conscientious objectors sent to montana to do? END
START about how many bison were in montana in 1870? END
START in 1884 about how many bison remained? END
START who pleaded to congress for slaughtering bison? END
START what year did general sheridan approach congress about killing bison? END
START when did the northern pacific railroad reach montana from the west? END
START when did the northern pacific railroad reach montana from the east? END
START what years were the railroad challenged by chief sitting bull? END
START what year was the great white sioux war? END
START when was the transcontinental national pacific railroad finished? END
START when was the first constitutional convention held in montana? END
START why was this constitutional convention held? END
START when was the second constitutional convention held? END
START what year was montana's statehood approved? END
START what other three states were approved in the same year? END
START what year did the homestead act provide land to settlers? END
START how much land did the homestead act allow? END
START what year was the first homestead claim claimed? END
START when was the desert land act passed? END
START how much land did the desert land act allot? END
START how much was the charge per acre at first? END
START who promoted settlement in montana in the early 1900s END
START in what year was the reclamation act passed? END
START what year was the enlarged homestead act passed? END
START how much land was alloted in the new enlarged homestead act? END
START when did congress pass the espionage act? END
START when was the sedition act passed? END
START what were these acts make do to laws? END
START how many people were arrested from the montana act? END
START how many of the 200 arrested in the montana act were convicted? END
START how many montanans entered the miltary in the first year of the war? END
START how many montanans joined the military in the war total? END
START about how many montanans  died in the war? END
START who trained at the military grounds in montana? END
START where were air bases built in montana? END
START what does punjab mean? END
START how many provinces does pakistan have? END
START how large is punjab? END
START what is punjab's population? END
START what is punjab's biggest city? END
START what is the population of lahore? END
START what is the largest city in india? END
START what is the area of pakistan? END
START what does pakistan mean? END
START how many provinces does india have? END
START what plain is punjab in? END
START what are the indus river's tributaries? END
START how much of pakistan's large-scale manufacturing is in punjab? END
START how much of pakistan's small-scale manufacturing is in punjab? END
START what crops does punjab grow? END
START how many mountain regions does punjab have? END
START where is the alluvial plain located? END
START which tributary is located in the north? END
START what is pakistan's main export? END
START what percentage of the large scale manufacturing takes place in lahore? END
START how large is punjab compared to the other three provinces? END
START what is pakistan's largest province? END
START how many square miles is punjab? END
START what indian states are on the east side of punjab, pakistan? END
START what pakistani province is south of punjab? END
START what is balochistan's land area? END
START what borders balochistan to the northeast? END
START what is east of balochistan? END
START what is west of islamabad? END
START where does islamabad rank in terms of province size in pakistan? END
START which province in pakistan borders the other 3 provinces? END
START what is pakistan's capital? END
START how many rivers are in punjab, pakistan? END
START what is the easternmost river in punjab? END
START how much of pakistan's population lives in punjab? END
START what is faisalabad the capital of? END
START how many rivers are in multan? END
START what percentage of the pakistan population resides in sargodha? END
START what does the p in the acronym punjab represent? END
START what does the s in pakistan stand for? END
START how many departments does the punjab administration have? END
START who heads each government department? END
START who do the provincial ministers report to? END
START who do the provincial secretaries report to? END
START what rank is the chief secretary? END
START what is the civil servant designation for the chief minister? END
START who does the chief minister report to? END
START what is the number of attached departments that report to secretaries? END
START what is the rank of a provincial minister? END
START what does the chief minister send to the chief secretary? END
START what was punjab formerly known as? END
START what ancient civilization lived in punjab? END
START when was punjab part of the indus valley civilization? END
START what was the major indus city in punjab? END
START what were bricks taken from harrapa for the construction of? END
START what was panchanada once called? END
START when was panchanada renamed punjab? END
START when was the archaeological site at harappa discovered? END
START when did punjab comprise the gujar empire? END
START what was the major export of the kushans? END
START who has invaded punjab? END
START who founded taxila? END
START what is said to be the world's oldest university? END
START what empire was taxila a center of learning of? END
START who was chanakya? END
START who has punjab invaded? END
START what did ram found? END
START who founded takshashila university? END
START what was the centre of learning in the greek empire? END
START who was the brother of taksh? END
START where did alexander the great conquer in 10 days? END
START what wealth did alexander hope to find? END
START from which direction did alexander enter punjab? END
START who were the aspii? END
START who were the cathians? END
START what empires did south asia invade? END
START how long did it take alexander to cross the hindu kush? END
START what did genghis khan steal from south asia? END
START how many aspii were killed in battle? END
START when did alexander attack punjab? END
START what religion did punjab become? END
START what did missionary muslims build in punjab? END
START who led the umayyad army? END
START where did the umayyads conquer? END
START who did the umayyads defeat? END
START who was raghunath rao? END
START who did rao conquer in 1758? END
START when was the third battle of panipat? END
START who ruled most of the eastern part of peshawar? END
START who captured part of the maratha empire in 1761? END
START when did timur conquer lahore? END
START who was the son of timur shah durrani? END
START when was the second battle of panipat? END
START what did ahmad shah abdali invade in 1758? END
START who captured multan in 1761? END
START when did sikhism begin? END
START in which empire did many hindus become sikhs? END
START when did ahmad fight at akora khattak? END
START when did ahmad fight at balakot? END
START who won at balakot? END
START when did the mughal empire begin? END
START who led the sikhs in the late eighteenth century? END
START how long did the afghan empire last? END
START what muslim conquered punjab? END
START how many years did the fight between muslim and sikh troops last? END
START when did ranjit singh die? END
START what did ranjit singh's death cause? END
START when was part of punjab annexed into british india? END
START when was the second anglo-sikh war? END
START what was the last territory added to british india? END
START when was maharaja ranjit singh born? END
START when did the first anglo-sikh war end? END
START what was the name of the british official stationed in lahore? END
START what was the name of the territory annexed in 1849? END
START how many of the local resistance were killed in the 1857 rebellion? END
START when did india and pakistan fight in punjab? END
START what is kahuta an important location for? END
START where does punjab have major military bases? END
START when did india and pakistan begin serious peace talks? END
START who visits nankana sahib? END
START when did punjab fight against india? END
START when was sargodha built? END
START where is nankana sahib? END
START when did trade between people become common? END
START what is the name of india's nuclear program? END
START when do monsoons traditionally happen in punjab? END
START when did punjab's weather pattern become unpredictable? END
START how hot do newspapers say it has gotten in punjab? END
START what was the record heat spike in multan? END
START when was the record heat spike in multan? END
START when did the first monsoon appear in punjab? END
START what is the temperature in may? END
START what is the highest temperature recorded during a barsat? END
START the onset of what appears in october? END
START official estimates rarely go under what? END
START what is punjab's major language? END
START how is punjabi written? END
START what is the largest ethnic group in pakistan? END
START what minimum percent of each punjab district speaks punjabi natively? END
START where is saraiki usually spoken? END
START what language has official recognition in punjab? END
START punjabi is the mother-tongue of less than what percentage of the population? END
START urdu is the major language for what province? END
START what is the standard form of urdu? END
START what is primarily divided by social stratifications? END
START who elects the chief minister? END
START in what year did sharif become cm? END
START when was sharif re-elected cm? END
START what kind of legislature is the provincial assembly? END
START how many seats are in the provincial assembly? END
START who elects members of the provincial assembly? END
START when was the provincial assembly elected? END
START what election removed sharif from office? END
START how many seats are reserved for muslims? END
START what article established the chief minister? END
START how much has punjab's economy grown since 1972? END
START how much of pakistan's gdp came from punjab in 2000? END
START how much of pakistan's gdp came from punjab in 2010? END
START what manpower does punjab provide? END
START how much did punjab's economy grow in 2008-09? END
START how has pakistan's economy changed since 1972? END
START what percentage of pakistan's economy is agriculture? END
START what has the smallest economy in pakistan? END
START what percentage of the manufacturing sector did punjab account for in 2007? END
START what was the total gdp growth of pakistan in 2002-03? END
START what geographic feature does punjab not have? END
START what medical product does punjab manufacture? END
START what transportation products does punjab manufacture? END
START how much of pakistan's paper products does punjab manufacture? END
START how much of pakistan's sugar does punjab manufacture? END
START which province has an extended coastline? END
START what percentage of textiles does punjab export? END
START what percentage of pakistan's sugar mill plants are located in punjab? END
START what type of machinery does punjab not produce? END
START what percentage of agricultural machinery does punjab manufacture? END
START what kind of climate does punjab have? END
START who built punjab's irrigation system? END
START what are punjab's largest crops? END
START what are punjab's secondary crops? END
START what calendar do punjab's farmers use? END
START what calendar do punjab farms no longer use? END
START who did punjab create an irrigation system for? END
START punjab has the largest crop of what in the world? END
START what is the name of one of their vegetables? END
START what aspects of punjab's climate make it perfect for agriculture? END
START what kind of problem caused riots in june 2012? END
START how long were cities without electricity in june 2012? END
START where were there riots in june 2012? END
START which energy companies' offices were attacked by rioters? END
START when was pakistan's electricity problem solved? END
START how long was the rioting on 17 june 2012? END
START what city houses the offices of fesco? END
START which energy supplier rioted? END
START who was responsible for the load shedding? END
START what kind of inscriptions decorate punjab's burial places? END
START when did rukn-e-alam die? END
START when did gardezi die? END
START when was ahangar's tomb built? END
START what color tile was used in ahangar's tomb? END
START where does the structure of a mosque come from? END
START what colour is the tomb of shah yusuf gardezi? END
START when did emperor shah jahan live? END
START where was emperor shah jahan buried? END
START who built lahore fort? END
START what are urs? END
START when are urs held? END
START what genre of music is played at urs? END
START where is buksh's shrine? END
START where is zakria's shrine? END
START what are sufi saints called? END
START where do devotees come from? END
START what do the saints do at an urs? END
START who created the mystic messages? END
START who started the urs? END
START what is punjab's biggest festival? END
START where is the national horse and cattle show held? END
START what happens at the national horse and cattle show? END
START which district does not have exhibitions? END
START the biggest festival does not have what kind of competition? END
START which festival is damaging the province's rural roots? END
START what does the lahore festival discourage? END
START what famous tomb is in lahore? END
START where was nanak born? END
START who was the first sikh guru? END
START what famous hill stations are in punjab? END
START what famous mosque is in punjab? END
START where are jahangir's gardens? END
START which city houses the sihk shrines? END
START taxila has become a major centre of what in the modern age? END
START what city is the murree hill nearby? END
START who was born in harrapa? END
START who are some well-known punjab poets? END
START what is allah ditta lona wala's career? END
START who is the 'queen of music'? END
START when was alam lohar an important punjabi folk singer? END
START when was sultan bahu popular? END
START what was ustad amanat ali khan's nickname? END
START what poet was most prolific during 1930 to 1979? END
START when was alam lohar born? END
START folk singers created classical whats? END
START what kind of music does malika pukhraj perform? END
START what do punjab folk songs often reflect? END
START who sings about the joy of living? END
START what does heer ranjha sing about? END
START what kind of music does roshen ara begum perform? END
START what is the name of the singer that sings songs representing the rains? END
START who wrote songs after the style of sammi? END
START what type of songs are limited to a set number of moods? END
START what tends to be less popular with the people? END
START what songs use the same styling? END
START how many miles east of richmond is williamsburg? END
START how many kilometers west of charlottesville is richmond? END
START leaving washington dc, what cardinal direction would one travel to reach richmond? END
START what is richmond's southwestern suburb? END
START where is short pump located in relation to richmond? END
START what was the nationality of the people who settled richmond in 1609? END
START in what year was the current city of richmond founded? END
START what famous speech did patrick henry give in richmond? END
START in what building did patrick henry give his famous speech? END
START who was the author of the virginia statute for religious freedom? END
START along with law and finance, what is a major component of richmond's economy? END
START what circuit of the us court of appeals is based in richmond? END
START how many circuit courts of appeal are there in the united states? END
START how many federal reserve banks exist? END
START along with meadwestvaco, what fortune 500 company is based in richmond? END
START what did patrick henry's famous speech persuade virginians to send delegates to? END
START what was the capital of virginia prior to richmond? END
START what general led the troops that burned richmond? END
START who led the militia that defended richmond? END
START who was the governor of virginia in 1781? END
START who aided jefferson in designing the virginia state capitol? END
START in what year was the virginia state capitol finished? END
START what was the capital of virginia circa 1786? END
START what notable document was authored by thomas jefferson in 1786? END
START in what year could richmond first be said to have recovered from the destruction of the american revolution? END
START what man-made body of water was designed in part by george washington? END
START to where was the canal designed by washington intended to ferry water? END
START to what city was henry brown shipped as freight? END
START what was henry brown's nickname? END
START what sort of economic center was richmond in the wake of the american revolution? END
START on what date was virginia's secession from the union? END
START after leaving the union, what nation did virginia join? END
START along with 1864-5, what year notably saw us campaigns directed at richmond? END
START what was the name of the biggest factory in the confederate states of america? END
START what was the name of the first ironclad warship that saw combat? END
START what is another name for the confederacy's executive mansion? END
START how far away from the confederate executive mansion was the virginia state capitol? END
START who commanded the union armies during the seven days battles? END
START where was petersburg located in relation to ford stedman? END
START 5000 men represented what fraction of general lee's army? END
START on what road did the us army sixth corps shatter the confederate line? END
START what general commanded the attack on fort stedman? END
START in what month of 1865 was richmond judged to be no longer able to be defended? END
START what was contained in warehouses that were notably burned by confederates when evacuating richmond? END
START what general received the surrender of richmond? END
START on what day did the confederacy surrender richmond to the union? END
START by what means did davis leave richmond? END
START what percentage of richmond was destroyed by fire after the confederate evacuation? END
START what was the date before the day lincoln entered richmond? END
START how many soldiers did lee have remaining when he surrendered? END
START to what state did davis travel after lee surrendered? END
START in what structure did lee surrender to grant? END
START how many years did davis spend in fort monroe? END
START what mode of transportation took over from the canals? END
START what sort of railroad crossing was first built at richmond? END
START who was the inventor of the cigarette-rolling machine? END
START from what city did james bonsack originate? END
START what was the name of the first american trolley system powered by electricity? END
START when the 1900s began, how many people lived in richmond? END
START how many square kilometers was richmond at the start of the 20th century? END
START what percentage of richmond's 1900 population was african american? END
START what was another name for richmond's jackson ward? END
START who was the inaugural president of the st. luke penny savings bank? END
START when did the so-called downtown boom in richmond end? END
START about how many structures were built in richmond during the downtown boom? END
START what combined with the richmond professional institute to form virginia commonwealth university? END
START in what direction did richmond's borders expand in 1970? END
START people of what county did not want to join richmond circa 1970? END
START how many square kilometers is richmond? END
START how many square miles of richmond is water? END
START what percentage of richmond is made up of water? END
START in which of virginia's regions is richmond? END
START along with the james and the chickahominy, what is a notable river in the area near richmond? END
START what neighborhood is located in between church and shockoe hill? END
START what richmond neighborhood is home to the jefferson hotel? END
START what neighborhood of richmond contains st. john's church? END
START what is fairfield court? END
START in what year was the richmond street grid first developed? END
START the neighborhood of newtowne west is north of what street? END
START along with newtowne west, to what neighborhood is carver regarded as having comparable demographics? END
START what richmond street contains a notable amount of victorian buildings? END
START in what part of richmond is the virginia museum of fine arts found? END
START what is the primary race of the population of the randolph neighborhood? END
START what name is given to the part of richmond located to the south of the james? END
START along with the affluent, what is the socioeconomic class of the inhabitants of the southside? END
START what notable public housing projects are present in the southside? END
START prior to joining richmond, what county was a significant portion of southside part of? END
START what is the economic status of the manchester part of richmond? END
START what is richmond's kppen climate classification? END
START how could one characterize the winters in richmond? END
START what geographic feature keeps some cold inland air from reaching richmond? END
START in what month of the year does richmond's chilliest weather typically end? END
START about how many days a year does the temperature in richmond go above 32 degrees celsius? END
START what season in richmond is most likely to see periods of dryness? END
START how many times does richmond receive 7.6 centimeters or more of snow in a 24 hour period annually? END
START about how many centimeters of snow does richmond experience in the fall? END
START during what span of 2010 did snowfall remain for a significant amount of time on the ground in richmond? END
START what types of ice storms sometimes hit richmond? END
START what is the most likely month for the james to flood richmond? END
START what month sees the lowest likelihood of the james flooding? END
START in 1955, richmond was hit with three hurricanes in how many weeks? END
START in 1955, what two hurricanes occurred within a week of one another? END
START what hurricane hit richmond in 2004? END
START in 2000, how many families lived in richmond? END
START as of 2000, how many people lived in richmond per square kilometer? END
START what percentage of the richmond population of 2000 was pacific islander? END
START what was the largest racial group in richmond as of 2000? END
START in 2000, what percentage of richmond residents were multiracial? END
START what crime notably increased in richmond over the course of the 1980s? END
START in 1985, how many people were murdered in richmond? END
START how many people per 100,000 were murdered in richmond in 1990? END
START how many murders occurred in richmond in 1995? END
START what is the oldest presbyterian church in richmond? END
START who was a notable congregant at second presbyterian church? END
START what architectural style was second presbyterian church built in? END
START on what date did the oldest catholic church open in richmond? END
START in what year was richmond's first baptist church founded? END
START along with chabad of virginia, what is the other orthodox synagogue in richmond? END
START what grades does the rudlin torah academy serve? END
START what sect of judaism is rudlin torah affiliated with? END
START what are the names of the conservative synagogues in richmond? END
START how many synagogues in the reform tradition are present in richmond? END
START where did richmond's nation of islam members initially meet? END
START on what street is masjid bilal located? END
START what was masjid bilal previously known as? END
START what year saw the establishment of the islamic center of virginia? END
START on what street can shabaaz restaurant be found? END
START how many indian-descended families lived in or around richmond in 2011? END
START what does cci stand for? END
START in what county can cci be found? END
START what road is cci near? END
START along with cci, what is the other hindu gathering place near richmond? END
START what federal court is located in richmond? END
START along with philip morris and capitalone, what prominent corporation is present in richmond? END
START what type of business is leclairryan? END
START when did the troutman sanders-mays & valentine llp merger occur? END
START how many federal reserve banks exist in the united states? END
START how many square meters of space does virginia biotechnology research park consist of? END
START what does the united network for organ sharing do? END
START what was the cost of the philip morris r&d facility opened at the virginia biotechnology research park? END
START when did philip morris' r&d facility open? END
START what virginia commonwealth university campus is near virginia biotechnology research park? END
START what periodical called richmond "the next great american food city"? END
START according to southern living, what are the three best restaurants in richmond? END
START how many microbreweries exist in richmond? END
START what was the first microbrewery to set up shop in richmond? END
START when was james river distillery founded? END
START what movie, which filmed in richmond, featured daniel day-lewis? END
START who notably appeared in killing kennedy? END
START on what television channel can the show turn be seen? END
START when will mercy street first be shown on television? END
START what channel is killing kennedy on? END
START according to marketwatch, where did richmond rank among cities for business? END
START what did marketwatch think was the fourth best city for business? END
START what type of business is dominion resources? END
START prior to moving to the richmond area, where was altria's headquarters located? END
START what company moved to richmond from connecticut? END
START where is suntrust bank headquartered? END
START what city is the headquarters of mckesson located in? END
START who owns philip morris usa? END
START what dupont factory is located in the richmond area? END
START what was the former name of ups freight? END
START what architectural style was the 1919 broad street union station constructed in? END
START how far away from the virginia center for architecture is the children's museum of richmond? END
START what district of richmond is the virginia historical society located in? END
START what museum is next to the science museum of virginia? END
START in what former industrial facility is the richmond national battlefield park visitors center located? END
START what government building is the museum of the confederacy located near? END
START what is another name for the davis mansion? END
START on what richmond street did general lee live for a while? END
START where are the reconciliation statues outside richmond located? END
START what office was held by the inhabitant of the john marshall house? END
START how many united states presidents are interred in hollywood cemetery? END
START who gave a speech that contained the famous saying "give me liberty or give me death"? END
START where did patrick henry deliver his memorable speech? END
START what was the nickname of bill robinson? END
START near what park is the monument dedicated to the person traditionally regarded as discovering america? END
START how many bells are contained in the world war i memorial carillon? END
START the dead of what war were the first to be commemorated by the virginia war memorial? END
START in what neighborhood is the monument to bill robinson located? END
START what notable project was funded by richmond's "admissions tax"? END
START along with blues and bluegrass, what is a type of folk music traditional to virginia? END
START along with busking and itinerant folk shows, what is an example of venueless art? END
START along with hamilton glass and el kamino, who is a mural artist local to richmond? END
START what periodical has attempted to attract internationally known mural artists to richmond? END
START what richmond street art gathering has brought mural artists to the city? END
START in what city did lewis hallam present shakespeare's plays? END
START what family of actors notably performed in 19th century richmond? END
START what is virginia museum theater known as today? END
START during what decade did the virginia museum most significantly work to promote theater in richmond? END
START what disaster destroyed many of the early buildings in richmond? END
START what percentage of richmond's buildings were burned in a single fire in 1865? END
START prior to what year was the patterson-schutte house built? END
START what is the name of the era from which the building housing the edgar allan poe museum dates? END
START what state has the oldest capital building used continuously since it was built? END
START what architectural style was used to design the virginia state capitol? END
START what notable federal government buildings were designed in the neoclassical style? END
START what is the architectural style of the 1845 egyptian building? END
START who were the designers of the virginia state capitol? END
START what architectural style was used to design branch house? END
START who designed branch house? END
START what is another name for broad street station? END
START what style of architecture was used in the design of union station? END
START who designed the commonwealth club? END
START what united states city has the most cast iron architecture? END
START in what year did iron production in richmond peak? END
START how many more iron workers than construction workers were being employed in richmond in 1890? END
START along with jackson and monroe wards, what neighborhood notably features cast-iron fences? END
START who was the designer of the federal reserve building? END
START who designed the general assembly offices at the eighth and main building? END
START what architectural style was the rice house designed in? END
START what university was landis gores associated with? END
START who did landis gores design a home for? END
START what native american tribe at one time lived on belle isle? END
START during what conflict was belle isle used as a prison? END
START between brown's island and belle isle, which is bigger? END
START on what island does the james river beer and seafood festival take place? END
START how often does friday cheers take place on brown's island? END
START what part of richmond is maymont close to? END
START how many kilometers long is the track in byrd park? END
START how many monuments can be found in byrd park? END
START in what year was the world war i memorial carillon constructed? END
START what was previously located at the present location of forest hill park? END
START what sport do the washington redskins play? END
START what sport do the richmond kickers compete in? END
START with what major league baseball team are the richmond flying squirrels associated? END
START what is the home ground of the richmond kickers? END
START where did the richmond braves move to? END
START when did the rir begin to host the capital city 400? END
START when did the suntrust indy challenge stop being run at rir? END
START in what direction does one travel from richmond to reach southside speedway? END
START what is the shape of southside speedway? END
START along with "the action track," what is a nickname of southside speedway? END
START what company owns the company that owns the richmond times-dispatch? END
START how many people buy the richmond times-dispatch on sunday? END
START what newspaper is published by landmark communications? END
START before switching to its current publication schedule, how often was rva magazine published? END
START along with the voice, what is richmond's black-oriented news publication? END
START per nielsen, how many homes exist in the richmond-petersburg dma? END
START where does the richmind-petersburg dma rank in the united states? END
START with what network is wupv 65 affiliated? END
START what type of channel is wcvw 57? END
START what richmond-area station is affiliated with cbs? END
START how many representatives make up the richmond city council? END
START what official is in charge of richmond's executive branch? END
START how many years does the term of a richmond city council representative last? END
START on what day of the week does the city council meet? END
START in what month does the city council not meet? END
START what is a. carl prince's religious affiliation? END
START what is the current mayor of richmond? END
START in what year was the first black baptist minister elected to the city council? END
START in what district did a. carl prince win election to the city council? END
START what political organization supported the city council candidacy of a. carl prince? END
START how many high schools are there in richmond? END
START how many primary and secondary school students attend school in richmond? END
START for whom is the governor's school in richmond named? END
START where was richmond's governor's school rated by newsweek in 2012? END
START when did patrick henry school of science and arts open its doors? END
START what type of university is the university of richmond? END
START what is a for-profit university in richmond? END
START what does btsr stand for? END
START where is john tyler community college located? END
START what is richmond's public university? END
START how many kilometers away from richmond is richmond international airport? END
START about how long does it take to drive from richmond international airport to williamsburg? END
START how many airlines operate out of richmond international? END
START what percentage increase in passenger traffic did richmond international experience between 2005 and 2006? END
START what direction do you travel to get from richmond to sandston? END
START what is the street address if the greyhound bus terminal in richmond? END
START how long does a bus trip from richmond to new york city take? END
START what is the lowest fare on megabus? END
START how much did the department of transportation give to richmond for its rapid transit system? END
START what city in maryland does megabus travel to? END
START what counties does the grtc link to richmond? END
START along with short pump, what comprises the far part of the west end? END
START according to a grtc report, what is an example of what most of its riders lack? END
START what is grtc an initialism of? END
START what station services all southern rail traffic passing through richmond? END
START what is the name of the railroad station inside richmond proper? END
START in what year was richmond's railroad station renovated? END
START along with williamsburg, what city's rail traffic uses the main street station? END
START why does the main street station only receive rail traffic from newport news and williamsburg? END
START who is richmond's electricity supplier? END
START how many states does dominion virginia power operate in? END
START along with surry nuclear generating station, what is richmond's main electricity generator? END
START in what town is a coal-fired plant that provides power to richmond located? END
START what type of power plant is darbytown? END
START how many kilometers of sewer lines exist in richmond? END
START how much water is contained in shockoe retention basin? END
START how many richmond inhabitants get their water from the wastewater treatment plant? END
START how much sewage and stormwater can the treatment plant adjacent to the james river treat daily? END
START of the huge amount of microorganisms, how many cause disease in otherwise healthy individuals? END
START interplay between pathogens and defenses of hosts results in what? END
START what does the severity of a disease resulting from a pathogen depend on? END
START what can a host's immune system do to a host? END
START what do clinicians classify infectious microorganisms according to the status of? END
START how many microorganisms cause repair in otherwise healthy individuals? END
START what is prevented by interplay between pathogens and attacks of hosts? END
START what does the level of an achievement resulting from a pathogen depend on? END
START what can a host's immune system allow from a host? END
START what do clinicians ignore the status of when they classify infectious microorganisms? END
START what is one way of proving that a given disease is infectious? END
START what must an infectious agent only be identified in to satisfy the first of koch's postulates? END
START what is koch's second postulate? END
START why can't koch's postulates be applied ethically for many human diseases? END
START what is the causative spirochete of syphilis?  END
START what is one way of proving that a given disease is safe? END
START what must an infectious agent not be identified in to satisfy the first of koch's postulates? END
START what is koch's worst postulate? END
START why can koch's postulates be applied ethically for many reptile diseases? END
START what is no longer the causative spirochete of syphilis? END
START when are infectious diseases called contagious diseases?  END
START what is a contagious disease a subset of? END
START what sets a contagious disease after from a standard infectious disease? END
START diseases with vector transmission or sexual transmission don't often require what type of isolation? END
START what is not always respected in popular use? END
START when are infectious diseases called impossible diseases? END
START what is a contagious disease more important than? END
START what sets a contagious disease equal to a standard infectious disease? END
START what is always respected in popular use? END
START when does infection begin? END
START what group is not easily infected? END
START what group of humans have increased susceptibility to chronic or persistent infections? END
START what individuals are particularly susceptible to opportunistic infections? END
START what is it called when a pathogen grows within the host cells? END
START when does infection become unstoppable? END
START what group is never infected? END
START what group of humans have no susceptibility to chronic or persistent infections? END
START what individuals are particularly safe to opportunistic infections? END
START what is it called when a pathogen explodes within the host cells? END
START what does wound colonization refer to? END
START what type of organisms exist and injure tissue in infected wounds? END
START what are all multcellular organisms colonized to some degree by? END
START what species colonizes the mammalian colon? END
START what's the difference between an infection and a colonization? END
START what does wound colonization mean to avoid? END
START what are few multicellular organisms colonized to some degree by? END
START what type of organisms tickle and heal tissue in infected wounds? END
START what's the only similarity between an infection and a colonization? END
START what rodent colonizes the mammalian colon? END
START why is it difficult to now which chronic wounds are infected? END
START what is there limited quality data for evaluating despite the huge number of wounds seen in a clinical practice? END
START what is increased pain an indicator of? END
START what does not rule out infection? END
START why is it easy to know which chronic wounds are infected? END
START what is there unlimited quality data for evaluating despite the huge number of wounds seen in a clinical practice? END
START what is reduced pain an indicator of? END
START what will always rule out infection? END
START what is rarely seen in clinical practice? END
START disease can arise when an organism inflicts what on the host? END
START what can a microorganism cause tissue damage by releasing a variety of? END
START what does the of toxin clostridium tetani releases do? END
START what releases toxins which product shock and sepsis? END
START what percentage of people infected with polio develop disease? END
START when an organism prevents what from the host a disease can arise? END
START what can a microorganism repair tissue damage by releasing a variety of? END
START what does the toxin clostridium tetani release help avoid? END
START what releases toxins which produce joy and euphoria? END
START what disease similarly to creutzfeldtjakob has never resulted in death? END
START why do persistent infections occur? END
START what are persistent infections characterized by the continual presence of? END
START how can some viruses main a persistent infection? END
START what never leave the body when acquired? END
START where does the herpes virus hide? END
START why do persistent infections never occur? END
START what are persistent infections characterized by the continual absence of? END
START how can some viruses cure a persistent infection? END
START what always leave the body when acquired? END
START where does the herpes virus avoid? END
START what does diagnosis of an infectious sometimes involve identifying?  END
START many minor infectious diseases are diagnosed by what type of presentation? END
START how are minor infectious diseases treated? END
START what can be identified given sufficient effort? END
START why is it often not worth bothering to identify an infectious agent? END
START what does diagnosis of an infectious always involve ignoring? END
START how are many minor infectious diseases diagnosed illegally? END
START how are all infectious diseases treated? END
START what can be identified given no effort? END
START why is it always worth it to identify an infectious agent? END
START how is diagnosis of infectious disease almost always initiated? END
START what does taking a culture of an infectious agent isolated from a patient allow? END
START what features of an infectious organism does a culture allow examining? END
START what can organisms be directly identified by? END
START what technique can be used to produce images of internal abnormalities? END
START how is diagnosis of infectious disease rarely initiated? END
START what does taking a culture of an infectious agent isolated from a patient restrict? END
START what features of an infectious organism does a culture forbid examining? END
START what can organisms never be directly identified by? END
START what technique can be used to produce images of external abnormalities? END
START what type of culture is a principal tool used to diagnose infectious disease? END
START what type of medium is provided for a specific agent in a microbial culture? END
START what are most pathogenic bacteria easily grown on? END
START what is it called when a visible mound forms on the surface of a plate? END
START what is a region of dead cells resulting from viral growth called? END
START what type of hammer is a principal tool used to diagnose infectious disease? END
START what type of medium is not typically provided for a specific agent in a microbial culture? END
START what are most pathogenic bacteria unable to grow on? END
START what is it called when an invisible mound forms on the surface of a plate? END
START what is a planet of dead cells resulting from viral growth called? END
START what are live animals required by? END
START what can mycobacterium leprae and treponema pallidum be grown in? END
START what type of eggs may some viruses be grown in? END
START what is xenodiagnosis? END
START what is it difficult to demonstrate the presence of in chagas disease? END
START what are live animals unnecessary for? END
START what can mycobacterium leprae and treponema pallidum never be grown in? END
START what type of eggs may no viruses be grown in? END
START what does xenodiagnosis avoid doing? END
START what is simple to demonstrate the presence of in chagas disease? END
START what is microscopy used for? END
START what do virtually all culture techniques rely on at some point? END
START what can samples obtained from patients viewed directly under? END
START when is microscopy exquisitely specific? END
START what can antibodies with artificial fluorescence be directed to do?  END
START what is microscopy unnecessary for? END
START what do virtually no culture techniques rely on at some point? END
START what can samples obtained from patients be viewed by from far away? END
START when is microscopy exquisitely useless? END
START what are antibodies with artificial fluorescence unable to do? END
START what do almost all cells readily stain with? END
START why do cells easily stain with dyes? END
START what electronic charge do cellular molecules have? END
START what is geimsa stain? END
START how many methods comprise standard approaches used to classify bacteria and diagnose disease? END
START what do few cells readily stain with? END
START why do cells have difficulty staining with dyes? END
START what electronic charge do cellular molecules destroy? END
START how many methods comprise unorthodox approaches used to classify bacteria and diagnose disease? END
START what is the rarest method used to classify bacteria and to diagnose a disease? END
START what needs to be isolated from infected tissue to provide a biochemical diagnosis of an infectious disease? END
START what enzyme's presence is characteristic of specific types of viral infections? END
START what does the protein hemagglutinin bind together? END
START why are the presence of certain enymzes a tell tale sign of a virus? END
START what needs to be combined with infected tissue to provide a biochemical diagnosis of an infectious disease? END
START what enzyme's absence is characteristic of specific types of viral infections? END
START what does the protein hemagglutinin pull apart? END
START why are the presence of certain enzymes a sign of good health? END
START what methods are highly sensitive, specifc and rapid tests used to identify microorganisms? END
START what are serological tests based upon the ability of an antibody to do? END
START what is the antigen bound to by the antibody usually? END
START what does the binding set off that will result in something visibly obvious in various ways? END
START what is the causative agent of "strep throat"? END
START what methods are highly sensitive, general and slow tests used to identify microorganisms? END
START what are serological tests based upon the ability of an antibody to avoid? END
START what is the antigen bound to by the antibody usually not part of? END
START what does the binding set off that will result in something invisible in various ways? END
START what is the special agent of "strep throat"? END
START what are immunoassays? END
START what type of signal do immunoassays produce? END
START what allows quantitation of the target antigen? END
START immunoassays are able to detect what type of proteins? END
START what are immunoassays banned from being? END
START what type of signal do immunoassays absorb? END
START what stops quantitation of the target antigen? END
START what type of proteins are undetectable by immunoassays? END
START what does the acronym pcr expand to? END
START what will be the ubiquitous gold standards of diagnostics in the near future? END
START what has the catalog of infectious agents grown to the point of? END
START what must an infectious agent do to cause disease? END
START what are primers derived from the genomes of? END
START what does the acronym pcr abbreviate to? END
START what be the silver standards of diagnostics in the distant future? END
START what has the catalog of infectious agents decreased to the point of? END
START what must an infectious agent prevent to cause disease? END
START what are primers excluded by gnomes? END
START what technological ability with regards to detection is currently available?  END
START what are the remaining blockades to the use or pcr as a standard tool of diagnosis? END
START what are some diseases which won't benefit from pcr methods? END
START pcr can't detect the presence of any bacteria when what doesn't occur? END
START what supernatural ability with regards to detection is currently available? END
START what are the remaining blockades to the removal of pcr as a standard tool of diagnosis? END
START what are some diseases which help improve pcr methods? END
START which blockades to use pcr are currently insurmountable? END
START what diseases are considered fundamentally biological healing? END
START what is used in the treatment of aids? END
START how was the course of aids followed? END
START what could be done by understanding how the disease was transmitted? END
START what did the genotypic identification of hiv later enable? END
START what is now commonly used to identify hiv in healthy people before the onset of the illnes? END
START what is used as a punishment for aids? END
START how was the course of aids hidden? END
START what could be in danger by understanding how the disease was transmitted? END
START what did the genotypic identification of hiv later prevent? END
START what is now rarely used to identify hiv in healthy people before the onset of the illness? END
START what can wearing gowns and face masks help prevent? END
START what is the most important defense against the spread of unwanted organisms? END
START avoiding drugs and using condoms are other forms of what? END
START why is it important to cook foods well? END
START what should one do with foods that have been left outside for a long time? END
START what can wearing gowns and face masks help facilitate? END
START what is the least important defense against the spread of unwanted organisms? END
START what are consuming drugs and avoiding condoms considered a form of? END
START what does a balanced diet and regular exercise make impossible? END
START what should one do with foods that have not been left outside for a long time? END
START recognizing the different characteristics of various diseases is one way to do what? END
START what are some critical disease characteristics that should be evaluated? END
START what virus' strains incapacitate their victims extremely quickly before killing them? END
START why is the initial stage of ebola not very contagious? END
START what does the low virulence of hiv allow victims to do? END
START what does recognizing the different characteristics of various diseases allow someone to increase? END
START what are some critical disease characteristics that should not be evaluated? END
START what virus' strains strengthen their victims extremely quickly before killing them? END
START why is the initial stage of ebola so contagious? END
START what does the extreme virulence of hiv allow victims to do? END
START recognizing the effects of small-world networks allows one to decrease what? END
START what type of interactions happen within groups of infected individuals in epidemics? END
START what is a way of drastically reducing infection rates? END
START what is an example of a success implementation of preventing transmission jumps? END
START when was vaccination used to prevent the spread of the foot-and-mouth virus? END
START what does recognizing the effects of small-world networks allow one to increase? END
START what type of interactions stop within groups of infected individuals in epidemics? END
START what is a way of drastically harming infection rates? END
START what is an example of a successful implementation of increasing transmission jumps? END
START when was vaccination used to prevent the spread of the foot-and-neck virus? END
START what is resistance to infection known technically as? END
START when may immunity be acquired? END
START what is knowledge of protective antigens more complete for? END
START what does herd immunity offer to vulnerable people when a large enough proportion of the population has acquired immunity? END
START vaccination is a way in which what may be acquired? END
START what is resistance to infection known informally as? END
START when may immunity be the best? END
START what is knowledge of protective antigens forbidden for? END
START what does herd mentality offer to invulnerable people when a tiny proportion of the population has acquired immunity? END
START what is the only way to lose immunity? END
START what can the clearance of pathogens be influenced by in an individual? END
START what is the brand name pegasys for? END
START what are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the il28b gene more likely to achieve? END
START what can the increase of pathogens be stopped by in an individual? END
START what are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the il28b gene always going to achieve? END
START what disease has no known treatment? END
START what can only be induced by treatment and not spontaneously? END
START what type of drugs can suppress an infection when it attacks the body? END
START how many broad types of anti-infective drugs exist? END
START what depends on the method an antibiotic is given? END
START how are severe infections of the brain usually treated? END
START how do antibiotics work? END
START what type of drugs can worsen an infection when it attacks the body? END
START how many broad types of anti-infective drugs no longer exist? END
START what has no influence on the method an antibiotic is given? END
START how are severe infections of the brain usually damaged? END
START how do antibiotics harm the body? END
START what are the top three killer diseases? END
START how much have deaths due to hiv/aids increased? END
START what are some popular childhood diseases? END
START who makes up a large percentage of diarrheal deaths? END
START what is the number 4 leading cause of death in the world? END
START what are the top three healing diseases? END
START how much have births due to hiv/aids increased? END
START what are some recently cured childhood diseases? END
START who makes up no percentage of diarrheal deaths? END
START what is the number 4 leading cause of life in the world? END
START what medical field does the treatment of infectious diseases fall into? END
START disease propagation can fall under the purview of what field of study? END
START who tends to initially diagnose an infection? END
START what is the non-medical mumbo jumbo term for pulmonologist? END
START who works with both patients and general practitioners to identify a disease? END
START what psychological field does the treatment of infectious diseases fall into? END
START what field of war can disease propagation can fall under the purview of? END
START who tends to initially ignore an infection? END
START what is the imaginary term for a pulmonologist? END
START who fights with both patients and general practitioners to identify a disease? END
START what have a number of studies found a correlation between? END
START what is higher pathogen load associated with? END
START what does avoidance of other groups reduce? END
START what does more restricted sexual behavior result in? END
START what may poor socioeconomic factors ultimately in part be due to? END
START what have a number of studies found no correlation between? END
START what is no pathogen load associated with? END
START what does avoidance of other groups promote? END
START what does sexual behavior have no influence on? END
START what is the only cause of poor socioeconomic factors? END
START what profession finds evidence of infection in fossil remains to be interesting? END
START what do paleopathologists study? END
START what has been discovered in the bones of carnivorous dinosaurs? END
START what dinosaur's skull had pit-like wounds surrounded by swollen and porous bone? END
START how did tyrannosaurs become infected? END
START what profession finds evidence of infection in fossil remains to be pointless? END
START what do paleopathologists avoid researching? END
START what has been discovered in the blood of carnivorous dinosaurs? END
START what dinosaur's femur had pit-like wounds surrounded by swollen and porous bone? END
START how did tyrannosaurs become invincible? END
START what is the practice of killing or trapping any animal? END
START why do humans most commonly hunt wildlife? END
START what is there a distinction between lawful hunting and? END
START what is poaching? END
START what is the species which is hunted referred to as? END
START what is the practice of killing or trapping any animal called? END
START illegally killing, capturing or trapping an hunted species is called what? END
START hunted species are usually referred to as what? END
START what animals are usually hunted? END
START what is it called to kill or trap an animal? END
START what species are usually hunted? END
START why do humans hunt? END
START when was lawful hunting distinguished from poaching? END
START species hunted are referred to as what?  END
START what do feral animals usually eat? END
START what tactics do feral animals use to find prey? END
START in what year were feral animals first categorized? END
START what kinds of animals are usually considered feral? END
START  what does wildlife have to compete with humans to find? END
START what does evidence suggest hunting may have been a factor in the extinction of? END
START what was the north american megafauna extinction coincidental with? END
START what are humans thought to have played a significant role in, in australia? END
START when was australian's megafauna widespread? END
START what along with multiple environmental factors led to the extinction of the holocene megafauna? END
START what replaced the holocene megafauna? END
START what event was coincidental with the north american megafauna extinction?  END
START what is thought to have played a significant role in the extinction of the australian megafauna? END
START what event was australia's megafauna extinction coincidental with? END
START what did human occupation lead younger dryas to be replaced with? END
START what event was megafauna found to be less involved in than previously thought? END
START what was widespread before prehistoric species existed? END
START what event was caused by smaller herbivores in the area? END
START what is undisputed about early humans? END
START hunting was important for the emergence of the homo genus from what? END
START production of stone tools and control of fire were also pushed forward by what? END
START what became a theme of stories and myths? END
START hunting allowed what type of rituals? END
START what is undisputed about earlier humans? END
START what did hunting become a theme of? END
START stone tools and control of fire are emphasised in what hypothesis?  END
START what kind of activity would require the use of fire for early humans? END
START mating behavior was important for the emergence of homo genus from what? END
START what did omnivory become a theme of for early man? END
START what was animal sacrifice considered to be as part of the emergence of modern humans? END
START what is undisputed about animals that were sacrificed? END
START what type of lifestyle was prevalent in siberia until the european age of discovery? END
START where does the hunter-gathering lifestyle persist, though in decline? END
START indigenous peoples of the amazonas preserved what until the recent past? END
START who are the only remaining full-time hunter-gatherers in africa? END
START hunter-gathering lifestyles remained prevalent until when? END
START what parts of the new world did the hunter-gathering lifestyles remain? END
START who are the only remaining full-time hunter-gatherers in africa? END
START what age began in africa that ended hunter-gathering lifestyles? END
START what has happened to australian society to cause it to fail? END
START who are the only remaining full-time hunter gatherers in australia? END
START in what parts of the new world do uncontacted peoples live? END
START what lifestyle did the age of discovery preserve in the amazonas? END
START what is louis binford's profession? END
START what idea did binford take issue with? END
START what did binford conclude humans were instead of hunters? END
START what idea did blumenschine propose? END
START what does confrontational scavenging involve doing to other predators after they've made a kill? END
START who is the archaeologist that does not believe early humans were hunters? END
START louis binford concluded what based on skeletal remains of consumed animals? END
START what did robert blumenschine propose? END
START louis binford's idea is popular among whom? END
START confrontational scavenging involves doing what to other predators? END
START what idea was criticized by robert blumenschine? END
START what did robert blumenschine analyze to reach his conclusion that humans were hunters? END
START what group is the idea of humans being hunters popular with? END
START what is the first step humans would use when hunting an animal? END
START what would early humans be able to obtain when hunting? END
START what was a significant contributor to the human food supply? END
START what did the supplementary meat from hunting include? END
START what was the leather from hunting used for? END
START rocks and spears are examples of some of man's earliest what? END
START where is hunting still vital? END
START hunt was a significant contributor to what? END
START where is hunting still vital? END
START why is hunting still vital in marginal climates? END
START how are the skins of sea mammals useful for people in the arctic trap? END
START what did development of agriculture significantly contribute to? END
START what did the inuit people first develop in the arctic when meat was scarce? END
START what would the inuit people use to decorate their clothing? END
START what would the inuit women sometimes use to make jewelry? END
START what was the preferred weapon of the inuit people for hunting? END
START what are kings often depicted as on ancient reliefs? END
START what are the kings portrayed as hunting? END
START how was the cultural importance of hunting in ancient societies represented? END
START what could the mythological association of prey species with divinity be a form of? END
START what might the meaning of euripides' tale be seen as a caution against? END
START kings were depicted as hunting what big game from a chariot? END
START what is often related to hunting? END
START deities represent what importance? END
START what tale is seen as cautions against disrespecting prey or impudent boasting? END
START what was the main god worshipped in mesopotamia? END
START what deities came after cernunnos in mesopotamia? END
START what animal is associated with the greek diana? END
START how is euripdes often shown as hunting from? END
START what is the tale in mesopotamia about the horned god cernunnos a caution against? END
START who in medieval europe obtained the sole rights to hunt in certain areas of a feudal territory? END
START what was game in the  areas used by the upper class used as a source of? END
START what legends show the importance of the proprietary view of game as held by the nobles? END
START what is one of the primary charges against the outlaws in the legend? END
START what did anglophone settles take gloried pride in? END
START in medieval europe who obtained sole rights to hunt in certain areas? END
START what was the game in feudal territory was used as? END
START who provided the game obtained in feudal territory? END
START the importance of can be seen in what legends? END
START who did anglophone colonies democratically glorify hunting for? END
START what activity is everyone allowed to do in the feudal territory of medieval europe? END
START what was only the aristocracy allowed to do in anglophone colonies? END
START what type of huntsman were active in anglophone colonies? END
START what was another reason the aristocracy participated in hunting in anglophone colonies? END
START what legend was started in the anglophone colonies by the aristocracy? END
START what kind of occupation do hindu scriptures describe hunting as being? END
START what is one of the names of the god shiva? END
START what is the translation of mrigavyadha? END
START what does shiva destroy in human beings? END
START what talent does dasharatha have? END
START what scriptures describe hunting as and acceptable occupation? END
START godly figures have engaged in what activity? END
START mrigavyadha means what? END
START mrigavyadha destroys animal instinct in who? END
START what happened after krishna was accidentally wounded by an arrow of a hunter? END
START how was shiva accidentally wounded to later die? END
START what does ramayana destroy in animals? END
START how is krishna said to be able to hunt? END
START who did krishna mistake for game and accidentally kill? END
START where was krishna exiled to? END
START who has hunting been forbidden to since early christian times? END
START who forbid to all servants of god hunting? END
START what pope was the fourth council of the lateran held under? END
START what does the decree of the council of trent imply? END
START what type of hunting is unlawful? END
START who was forbidden to hunt in early christian time? END
START what forbid hunting in the woods with hounds and keeping hawks or falcons? END
START who held the fourth council of the lateran? END
START how is the the decree of the council of trent is worded? END
START who stated quiet hunting is allowed? END
START what kinds of birds were kept by pope innocent iii? END
START what kind of hunting was legal under the corpus juris canonici? END
START what did the council of trent decree forbid servants of god from taking expeditions through the woods with? END
START what pope was the decree of the council of trent held under? END
START what does the corpus juris canonici imply to differentiate between types of hunting? END
START what distinction is undoubtedly permissible? END
START what can a bishop absolutely prohibit? END
START where did synods prohibit all hunting at? END
START what did benedict xiv declare about decrees prohibiting hunting? END
START who can prohibit hunting to the clerics? END
START declaration that decrees are not severe was done by who? END
START what did synods at milan, avignon, liege, cologne, and elsewhere do? END
START what happens if a bishop takes part in hunting? END
START in what areas was it allowed for bishops to hunt? END
START what did benedict xiv say allowing hunting conformed to? END
START who was the only pope who took part in quiet hunting? END
START what law was put in place to protect the right of hunting by benedict xiv? END
START what does new zealand have? END
START what was the only land mammal native to new zealand? END
START why were game animals introduced by acclimatisation societies? END
START why did the population of pigs and rabbits explode in new zealand? END
START what do government agencies view the animals as? END
START what country has a strong hunting culture? END
START what were the the only land mammal in new zealand? END
START what is new zealand made up of? END
START game animals were introduced here by whom? END
START what resulted having no natural predators for the animals introduced? END
START what mammal was the only one that existed originally in europe? END
START what were bats originally used for in europe? END
START what kind of culture does europe have? END
START what group introduced pigs to europe? END
START how do acclimatisation societies in europe view bats? END
START what was hunting regarded as in british india? END
START what does the indian word "shikaris" mean in english? END
START what did british officers maintain whole corps of? END
START why did the regals recruit low-ranking local tribes when hunting? END
START what could a bengal tiger be hunted from the back of? END
START where was hunting reguarded as a regal sport? END
START what is hunted from the back of an elephant? END
START who did british officers maintain? END
START who were the shikaris headed by? END
START why were low-ranking local tribes recruited? END
START what was shikari regarded as in british india? END
START what is the definition of maharaja? END
START what two things were needed to successfully hunt an elephant? END
START what country had the largest population of elephants in the world? END
START who did local tribes work with when taking down a bengal tiger? END
START what norms are generally antagonistic to hunting? END
START what sect lays special emphasis on conservation of particular species? END
START what bans the killing of all wild animals in india? END
START who may permit a person to hunt animals in india despite it being banned? END
START whose property does the body of any wild animal killed or wounded become? END
START who lay special emphasis on conservation of particular species? END
START what bans the killing of all wild animals? END
START what year was this protection act put into place? END
START who can permit a person to hunt wild animals? END
START what happens to the body of the wild animal killed? END
START what group of people was first discovered in 1972? END
START what have the bishnoi banned the killing of since 1972? END
START what act was drafted to ban the killing of only antelope? END
START what becomes the property of the bishnoi if its killed or wounded? END
START in what year did the antelope population first start to decline? END
START what type of hunting is most closely associated with the uk? END
START how do the english hunt foxes? END
START in england, what is hunted when "shooting" is called for? END
START why were foxes originally hunted? END
START how is deer stalking with rifles carried out? END
START what hunting is done on horseback with hounds? END
START hunting horseback with hound is associated with whom? END
START in victorian times a popular social activity was? END
START what is carried out on foot without hounds? END
START hounds were used for what purpose? END
START what was deer stalking with rifles originally a form of? END
START what did deer stalking originally aim to protect? END
START in what time did deer stalking become popular? END
START what group did deer stalking become popular with? END
START what kind of activity was deer stalking considered for both riders and followers? END
START what does shooting in britain require little questing for? END
START about how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year in the uk? END
START what kind of affairs can shoots be? END
START who uses swinging sticks or flags to drive game out? END
START what is the glorious twelfth in the uk? END
START about how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year? END
START who swings sticks or flags to drive game out? END
START when does open season for grouse begin in the uk? END
START what is the uk definition of game is governed by? END
START why are assistants used? END
START how many people have taken part in shooting in the uk since 1831? END
START on what day do assistants need to have gun safety training? END
START what is another name for the game act? END
START in what year did factory farms first legally begin production in the uk? END
START what is another name for a gun placed in position? END
START what law primarily regulates hunting? END
START what additional type of law applies in the case of migratory birds and endangered species? END
START what varies widely from state to state? END
START what do some states make a distinction between? END
START what do hunters of protected species require in all states? END
START how is hunting regulated? END
START migratory birds and endangered species are protected by what law? END
START what hunters require a hunting license in all states? END
START what is sometimes a prerequisite of obtaining a hunting license? END
START what law regulates the elimination of vermin? END
START in the case of vermin, what additional type of law applies? END
START what do hunters of vermin need to have in all states? END
START what do you need to complete before you can hunt vermin? END
START what do state regulations govern regarding hunting vermin? END
START what is required when hunting big game? END
START tags are purchased in addition to what? END
START what is typically limited to an individual? END
START a wildlife management unit is a place where what may be restricted to? END
START what kind of stamp is required to hunt migratory waterfowl? END
START when hunting big game what is typically required? END
START what must be purchased with hunting license is comes in a limited number? END
START how are tags assigned if there are more hunters than game? END
START what is required of hunting migratory waterfowl? END
START who issues requirement for hunting migratory waterfowl? END
START what do you need to obtain a fishing license? END
START how many people are recruited to work at the fish and wildlife service each year? END
START if there are more applicants than positions at the fish and wildlife service how do they choose prospective employees? END
START where do fish and wildlife employees usually work? END
START what limits how many employees can work at the fish and wildlife service each year? END
START how is gun usage typically regulated? END
START what often specify a minimum caliber or muzzle energy for firearms? END
START why is the use of rifles often banned? END
START why may regulations ban the use of lead in ammunition? END
START why are specific seasons for bow hunting established? END
START why are the use of rifles banned? END
START how is gun useage regulated? END
START what is specified in big-game hunting? END
START by what category is bow hunting regulated? END
START why would the use of a bow for hunting be banned? END
START in what areas is bow hunting banned? END
START what do certain seasons for the use of rifles try to limit? END
START why is firearm muzzle energy often limited? END
START what is hunting in the u.s. not associated with? END
START what percentage of americans supported legal hunting in 2006? END
START what percentage of americans actually hunted at the beginning of the 21st century? END
START what percentage of midwesterners hunted? END
START how much did the number of hunters over the age of sixteen decline in the period between 1996-2006? END
START what percentage of americans support legal hunting? END
START what percentage of americans actually hunted at the beginning of the 21st century? END
START south easterners hunted at what rate? END
START midwesterners hunted at what rate? END
START what years did hunting decline? END
START what are recreation habits not associated with in the us? END
START how many americans were over the age of sixteen in the 21st century? END
START from 1996-2006 what percentage of americans moved to the midwest? END
START in 2006 what percentage of americans had been to the eastern seaboard? END
START what percentage of states in the midwest had habitat loss on farms? END
START when do hunting regulations date from in the us? END
START what do some modern hunters see themselves as? END
START what organizations provide hunter education and help protect the future of the sport? END
START ducks unlimited and the delta waterfowl are examples of groups representing what? END
START what do many hunting groups participate in doing at the federal and state level? END
START what do modern hunters see themselves as? END
START who provides hunter education? END
START what do hunting groups also participate in? END
START what century is u.s. regulations dates from? END
START in what century was the crockett club founded? END
START what group did theodore roosevelt belong to in the 19th century? END
START what did boone participate in at the federal and state level? END
START what do lobbyists see themselves as? END
START when was pheasant first hunted in the us? END
START how much money is distributed to state agencies to support wildlife management programs each year? END
START how much money has the sale of federal duck stamps raised since 1934? END
START how many acres can the money raised from the sale of federal duck stamps help purchase? END
START what do states use some of the money from hunting licenses to assist with? END
START what is a key task of state park rangers and game wardens? END
START who are federal excise taxes are distributed to? END
START what do the taxes support? END
START how much has federal duck stamps raised? END
START what does land has federal duck stamp money helped purchase? END
START park rangers and game wardens enforce laws and regulations related to what? END
START in what year was the national wildlife refuge system created? END
START how much money has been spent to hire park rangers since 1934? END
START what is a key task of state agencies since 1934? END
START what is the annual budget of the national wildlife refuge system? END
START how many acres of land were for sale in the us in 1934? END
START what is varmint hunting an american phrase for? END
START what does varmint hunting achieve?  END
START what detrimental effects are varmint species often responsible for visiting on? END
START where has a non-native rodent known as a nutria become very destructive? END
START what has the state of louisiana done to combat the nutria? END
START what is phrased for selective killing of non-game animals. END
START what was once considered a varmint but is now protected? END
START what is the non-native varmint of louisiana? END
START what did louisiana initiate to control the varmint population? END
START what has the state of louisiana created to control the population of wild rabbits? END
START what were crows once categorized as but are not longer considered to be? END
START what are nutria often used for when hunted? END
START what does having livestock cause detrimental effects on when you own a farm? END
START what does having livestock help achieve the control of? END
START when was internet hunting introduced? END
START how did internet hunting allow people to hunt? END
START who criticized the practice of internet hunting? END
START what did hunters feel hunting over the internet violated? END
START what has the nra always maintained that being in the field with your firearm is? END
START what allows people to hunt over the internet? END
START when was this type of hunting introduced? END
START how is this type of hunting done? END
START what was the principle was this type of hunting said to violate? END
START who spoke on this violation? END
START in what year was the nra founded? END
START what practice was introduced by the nra in 2005? END
START sitting at your desk and doing what are the best ways to hunt according to the nra? END
START what are remotely controlled guns an important element of in hunting according to hunters? END
START in what year were hunters able to first become members of the nra? END
START where is there a very active tradition of hunting of small to medium-sized wild game? END
START approximately how many sport hunters applied for hunting licences in recent years? END
START what is there a very lucrative and thriving black market for? END
START what is hunting pressure from? END
START what very active tradition trinidad and tabago have? END
START what animal aids in the hunting? END
START what population has extirpated? END
START what do hunters pay to obtain hunting license? END
START what is traded on the black market in delaware? END
START what is the number of poachers located in delaware? END
START what training is needed to get a hunting license in delaware? END
START what is the state of the wildlife authority in delaware? END
START how often is hunting occurring in delaware each year? END
START what does hunting give resource managers an important tool? END
START what is carrying capacity in most circumstances determined by? END
START what do some environmentalists assert reintroducing predators would achieve? END
START how is hunting an important tool for resource managers? END
START what happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat? END
START how can hunting actually increase the population of predators? END
START what do some hunting advocates assert that is indirectly reduced among animals when intraspecific competition has been reduced? END
START what would environmentalists have done, instead of hunting? END
START what is an important tool in managing populations? END
START what is carrying capacity determined by? END
START what can it increase the population of? END
START what does animal migration help resource managers do? END
START what does animal migration threaten the well-being of? END
START who's health can be damaged by animal migration? END
START what does animal migration reduce competition for? END
START what does using migration as population control have no effect on? END
START what did sport hunters in the 19th century purse game for? END
START what was the head of an animal displayed as? END
START what happened to the rest of the animal? END
START what did some churches disapprove of? END
START what countries frowned upon this hunting? END
START what was the only goal for many european sport hunters in the 19th century? END
START what types of trophies would hunters keep as trophies to be displayed as a sign of their prowess? END
START in what countries was the hunting for trophies frowned upon, back in the day and in modern times? END
START what was hunting in north american in the 19th century used to supplement?  END
START what destinations did sport hunting see elaborate travel to in the pursuit of trophies? END
START what century was game hunted as a trophy? END
START what countries is trophy hunting frowned upon? END
START what did north america primarily hunt for? END
START what sport of hunting is in africa? END
START what did hunters in nordic countries display as a sign of prowess in the 19th century? END
START what would nordic hunters do with the rest of an animal after mounting a trophy? END
START why was hunting usually done in nordic countries in the 19th century? END
START why does hunting take place in nordic countries today? END
START in what two countries did nordic people hunt for trophies? END
START what continent did the biological conservation state trophy hunting is of major importance to the conservation of? END
START what does hunting create economic incentives for? END
START what did another study show that less than 3% of reached the local level? END
START what type of studies does the biological conservation journal publish? END
START why is trophy hunting important to conservation in africa? END
START trophy hunting can include areas which would likely be unsuitable for what other types of ecotourism? END
START how much of a trophy hunters' expenditures actually reach the local level, according to another study? END
START what thus is the level of economic incentive and benefit? END
START what is of major importance in africa? END
START what does trophy hunting create in africa? END
START how much of trophy hunters expenditures actually reach the local level? END
START what percentage of people read the journal biological conservation each year? END
START what is photographic ecotourism of major importance to in africa? END
START how does photographic ecotourism help preserve wildlife in africa? END
START what group funded the biological conservation study? END
START what did another study show that less than 3% of was used to mount trophies? END
START what do a variety of industries benefit from? END
START where is it estimated that a hunter spends fifty to one hundred times that of the average ecotourist? END
START where does the average safari hunter stay in? END
START advocates argue these hunters allow for what type of activities?  END
START what do a variety of industries obtain benefit from? END
START in what country is it estimated that a safari hunter spends fifty to one hundred times what an average ecotourist does? END
START what type of accommodations does the average photographer touring tanzania seek? END
START where does the typical safari hunter hang his hat at night? END
START where can safari hunters go which are uninviting to the less hardcore ecotourist? END
START how much does a safari hunter spend compared to an average ecotourist? END
START what does the photo tourist seek? END
START where does a safari hunter usually stay? END
START what hunters allow for anti-poaching activities? END
START what kind of camps do ecotourists usually stay in? END
START what do tented camps benefit from? END
START why do tented camps support hunting? END
START how many times a day do local communities stop poaching activity? END
START what country has the most areas that are hard to reach by car? END
START hunting has significant financial impact in what country? END
START what do many companies specialize in apropos to hunting? END
START "there's an app for that!",  what have been different technologies been created to do? END
START what broad range of backgrounds do today's hunters come from? END
START how much money did the thirteen million hunters spend on their sport in 2001? END
START what type of financial impact does hunting have on the u.s.? END
START what has been developed in the u.s. to help hunters? END
START one technology that is available for hunters in the u.s. is? END
START how much did hunters spend in 2001? END
START what do the proceeds from hunting assist with? END
START in what country was the iphone first developed? END
START how much did consumers spend on the iphone in 2001? END
START what is one cause that was most supported by iphone users in 2001? END
START how many people owned iphones in 2001? END
START how many types of technology went into the creation of the iphone? END
START what has excessive hunting contributed heavily to? END
START what do steller's sea cow, the bluebuck, and the javan tigers all have in common? END
START why have poachers killed endangered animals? END
START how have the north american cougar and asian elephant been hunted? END
START how is excessive hunting related to the extinction of species? END
START what contributes to endangerment? END
START what have poachers contributed to hunting? END
START what is the main predator of the quagga? END
START what animal was hunted mainly by javan tigers? END
START what animal could usually be found with the markhor? END
START the thylacine usually tried to avoid which animal? END
START which animal was similar to the north american cougar? END
START who signed the migratory bird hunting stamp act? END
START when did roosevelt sign the migratory bird hunting stamp act? END
START what does the act require all hunters over the age of sixteen to do? END
START what do 98% of all the funds generated by the stamp sales go to? END
START how much of the nation's endangered species is it estimated benefits from the protection afford by the duck stamp funds? END
START what act was signed in 1934? END
START what president signed this act? END
START what is the requirement of the act? END
START what do the stamps depict? END
START what percentage of the endangered species seek food and shelter in areas protected using duck stamp funds. END
START in what year was the us postal service created? END
START what president founded the us postal service? END
START on what date was the national wildlife refuge system created? END
START how many of the waterfowl in the us were endangered in 1934? END
START what is the minimum age needed to take part in the us postal service stamp art contest? END
START how much money has the sale of federal duck stamps generated since 1934? END
START how many acres has the sale of federal duck stamps helped to purchase or lease since 1934? END
START what do the stamps give the purchaser a license to do? END
START who accounts for eighty-seven percent of the sale of duck stamps? END
START who manages the distribution of the funds obtained by the sale of the stamps? END
START how much money has been generated due to the duck stamp act? END
START how much land has the duck stamp act help purchase? END
START what do the duck stamps serve as? END
START what percent of sales are contributed by hunters? END
START who manages distribution of funds? END
START in what year was the mbcc created? END
START what is needed to enter mbcc areas? END
START what does the mbcc buy a significant number of? END
START what percentage of hunters belong to the mbcc? END
START what is required to work at the mbcc? END
START what large species of antelope once made its home in the desert areas of the middle east? END
START why did sport hunters find the arabian oryx to be a worthwhile quarry to hunt? END
START when did the arabian oryx become extinct in the wild due to sport hunting? END
START how did hunters obliterate the advantage bestowed upon the oryx by evolution? END
START what animal has made a miraculous comeback and been upgraded from "extinct in the wild" to "vulnerable"? END
START what is a species of large antelope? END
START what did the large antelope species once inhabit? END
START what destroyed the arabian oryx only advantage of speed. END
START when did the arabian oryx become extinct? END
START what contributed to the arabian oryx rise from extinct to vulnerable? END
START in what year was oil first drilled for in the middle east? END
START why has the scimitar-horned oryx make a comeback? END
START what status has the scimitar-horned oryx been upgraded to? END
START what status was the addax upgraded from in 1972? END
START what feature in land areas of the middle east first attracted foreign oil executives? END
START what type of creature is the american bison? END
START what did the american bison inhabit much of prior to the 1800s? END
START what did market hunters leave the parts of the bison they didn't need to do? END
START what was the population of bison herds around prior to being eliminated by thousands of market hunters? END
START what is the current status of bison? END
START what did large herds of bison attract? END
START what part of north america did the bison live? END
START why were the bison killed? END
START what did hunter do with the rest of the bison? END
START what do bison still remain? END
START what area did market hunters come from in the 1880's? END
START how much did a bison hide cost in the 1800's? END
START what was the population of the us in 1880? END
START what areas of the us were settled first in 1880? END
START what were buildings prone to when built in a prarie area? END
START why has botswana been forced to ban trophy hunting altogether? END
START what plummeting numbers of this species caused a decline in predator numbers? END
START what species saw its numbers rising while elephant numbers remained stable? END
START what factors other than trophy hunting are responsible for the decline of wildlife in botswana? END
START what other african country has also recently banned trophy hunting? END
START what botswana was resently forced to do? END
START what animal declined across botswana? END
START what animal numbers have increased in botswana? END
START what animal numbers remain stable in botswana? END
START what else is partly to blame for the declining number of animals in botswana and uganda?  END
START what happened to antelope in uganda? END
START what happened in uganda after antelope numbers fell? END
START how was the elephant population in uganda? END
START what animal population increased in uganda? END
START what did botswana argue sport hunting wouldn't be able to stop? END
START what country is kathmandu the capital of? END
START what does upa-mahanagar mean in english? END
START along with "ktm," what is another nickname of kathmandu? END
START how many people lived in kathmandu in 2011? END
START how many square kilometers in size is kathmandu? END
START about how long has kathmandu existed? END
START what suggests that kathmandu is as old as it is? END
START what is kathmandu's majority religion? END
START what do most kathmandu residents speak? END
START what secondary language do educated people in kathmandu speak? END
START what does  mean in english? END
START what is the english translation of mandap? END
START what do newar speakers call kasthamandap temple? END
START who was responsible for the construction of kasthamandap temple? END
START on what date was maru satal destroyed? END
START what is the ancient name of kathmandu? END
START how does  transliterate into english? END
START who is also called kanti? END
START how do you say place in sanskrit? END
START what is the english translation of mahanagar? END
START according to legend, what body of water once existed on the site of kathmandu? END
START what animals notably resided in nagdaha? END
START who was the founder of manjupattan? END
START what type of creature was banasur? END
START who was banasur's murderer? END
START who was the founder of the kirata dynasty? END
START what geographical part of kathmandu did yambu once occupy? END
START speakers of what languages sometimes call kathmandu yambu? END
START where in kathmandu was yengal located? END
START what religion did the sankhu monastery belong to? END
START who won the war between the licchavis and the kiratas? END
START who did the migrating shakyas pretend to be? END
START what sect of buddhism is the only remaining one based in sanskrit? END
START who killed the shakyas? END
START under the licchavi dynasty, what name was typically used to refer to yengal? END
START kathmandu resulted from the merger of what two settlements? END
START who is kathmandu's historical founder? END
START who did chandrahrasa belong to? END
START how many barracks guarded ancient kathmandu? END
START trade between what two countries typically went through ancient kathmandu? END
START who ruled nepal after the licchavi? END
START along with khas, who attacked nepal in the early malla period? END
START what fraction of kathmandu's population died in an ancient earthquake? END
START along with the mangriha, what licchavi-era building was destroyed in an ancient earthquake? END
START what notable nepali figure died in a kathmandu earthquake? END
START how many cities were present in the kathmandu valley in the late malla period? END
START in the waning years of the malla dynasty, what fortified cities existed in the kathmandu valley? END
START what cultures influenced nepal in the later malla era? END
START what is an example of a book of medicine from the malla period? END
START when does amarkosh date to? END
START who won the battle of kathmandu? END
START what battle inaugurated the conquering of the kathmandu valley by the gorkha? END
START how many stories high was the basantapur tower? END
START what european country did bhimsen thapa oppose? END
START how many stories made up the dharahara tower? END
START what river is south of kathmandu? END
START what geographic portion of the kathmandu valley houses kathmandu? END
START about how many feet above sea level is kathmandu? END
START how large is kathmandu in terms of square miles? END
START where does the lalitpur sub-metropolitan city stand in relation to the bagmati river? END
START how many rivers travel through kathmandu? END
START where did the canal that once terminated in kathmandu originate? END
START how many feet high are the mountains from which the bagmati flows? END
START how many districts make up the kathmandu valley urban area? END
START what are madhyapur thimi, kirtipur and bhaktapur? END
START how many sub-metropolitan cities are present in the districts that make up the kathmandu valley? END
START about how many people live in a square kilometer in gonggabu vdc? END
START what is another term for vdcs? END
START what is the kathmandu valley's average temperature in winter, in degrees fahrenheit? END
START along with a subtropical highland climate, what climate classification covers kathmandu? END
START what is the kppen abbreviation for a humid subtropical climate? END
START how many meters up is the cool temperate zone? END
START how many significant climate regions exist in nepal? END
START what sort of temperature is typical on a kathmandu morning? END
START about what percentage of kathmandu's annual rainfall falls during the monsoon months? END
START on what date in 2013 was it 15.4 degrees fahrenheit in kathmandu? END
START in what months does the monsoon occur in nepal? END
START in what year did the most rain in recorded history fall on kathmandu? END
START what religion proliferated throughout central asia in part due to the efforts of lhasa newar merchants? END
START existing between what two countries contributed to kathmandu becoming a center of trade? END
START other than trade, what was the traditional basis of kathmandu's economy? END
START approximately what portion of nepal's gdp is produced by the kathmandu metropolitan area? END
START what do kathmandu residents earn per capita each year? END
START what is the gdp of kathmandu? END
START what percentage of kathmandu's economy is trade? END
START what portion of kathmandu's economy consists of agriculture? END
START approximately when did the nepalese tourism industry begin? END
START what city was connected to kathmandu via the tribhuvan highway? END
START when did construction on the tribhuvan highway begin? END
START what is the most significant industry in nepal? END
START along with buddhists, what religion's devotees visit kathmandu? END
START how many tourists visited kathmandu in the period 1961-62? END
START what event led to an increase in tourism in 2009? END
START what nepalese mountains are claimed to attract tourists? END
START what kathmandu neighborhood is noted for its abundance of tourists? END
START what neighborhood is also known as jhamel? END
START what is the traditional name for freak street? END
START what tourists first brought attention to jhocchen tol? END
START how many stars is kathmandu's grand hotel? END
START what type of hotel is aloha inn? END
START de l'annapurna is an example of what sort of hotel? END
START what attractions are present at hotel yak & yeti and the hyatt regency? END
START how many sectors make up the kathmandu metropolitan area? END
START what sector of kathmandu doesn't have the word 'sector' in its name? END
START what is the purpose of kathmandu being divided into 35 wards? END
START how many members of the council received their positions via nomination rather than election? END
START how many hectares in size is kathmandu's ward 26? END
START what is kathmandu's fire department called? END
START what year saw the founding of kathmandu's fire department? END
START when did bhaktapur receive coverage from the fire department? END
START how many fire trucks did west germany donate to kathmandu? END
START what is the mission of fan? END
START what was the population of kathmandu in 1991? END
START about how many people are likely to live in kathmandu in 2021? END
START how dense was the population of kathmandu in 1991? END
START how many acres of land did the kmc control in 2001? END
START what percentage of kathmandu residents are chettris? END
START what is the third largest ethnic group in kathmandu? END
START what are kathmandu's primary religions? END
START what kathmandu industry is particularly known for its english speakers? END
START along with nepali, what is kathmandu's main language? END
START what religion does changunarayan belong to? END
START what buddhist monuments are present at boudhanath? END
START how many acres are the kathmandu valley monument zones? END
START in hectares, how large is the kathmandu valley monument buffer zone? END
START when did the kathmandu valley monuments receive whs status? END
START where is a durban square located that is not preserved? END
START what is the oldest dynasty to be represented with buildings in kathmandu's durbar square? END
START how many temples are present in kathmandu's durbar square? END
START when did a notable earthquake occur that damaged kathmandu's durbar square? END
START how many kingdoms have buildings present in the durbar square of kathmandu? END
START what is durga called in nepali? END
START how long is kumari believed to incarnate taleju? END
START who was the royal kumari as of late 2008? END
START what type of government did nepal have after the monarchy? END
START when was the pashupatinath temple built? END
START what faith does the pashupatinath temple serve? END
START what is another name for pashupati? END
START prior to the secularization of nepal, who was the country's national god? END
START who damaged the pashupatinath temple in the 14th century? END
START what people make up the majority of pashupatinath followers? END
START in what part of india do the pashupatinath priests originate? END
START what dynasty did yaksha malla belong to? END
START who supposedly encouraged the usage of karnataka brahmin priests at pashupatinath temple? END
START what is another term for bharatam? END
START to what religion is boudhanath holy? END
START what do the newars call boudhanath? END
START what is boudhanath called in nepali? END
START how far is boudhanath from kathmandu in miles? END
START when did unesco make boudhanath a world heritage site? END
START who is pictured on the stupa's base? END
START what is ajima the deity of? END
START what are gompas? END
START visitors from what faith routinely visit the stupa? END
START what mantra is engraved on the stupa's prayer wheels? END
START in what part of kathmandu is swayambhu located? END
START what faith does swayambhu belong to? END
START other than buddhists, who worships at swayambhu? END
START in how many directions does the buddha of swayambhu look? END
START in swayambhu, what is present in the small area above the tiers? END
START kathmandu valley contains art made of metal, terracotta, wood and what other substance? END
START what is the most typical type of art in the kathmandu valley? END
START in what year could nepal be said to have been discovered by the outside world? END
START what types of deities are bhavani and durga? END
START what is sri-lakshmi a deity of? END
START by tradition, what notable figure came to nepal 250 years before the birth of christ? END
START when did the licchavi period end? END
START what is another name for the licchavi period? END
START along with the national museum of nepal, what notable nepalese museum is present in kathmandu? END
START from what time period are the oldest artifacts in kathmandu museums? END
START along with buddhism, what religion has had a significant influence on nepal? END
START what kathmandu valley area was named a world heritage site by unesco? END
START how many monument zones are present in the kathmandu valley? END
START in what area of kathmandu is the national museum? END
START what stupa is close to the national museum? END
START who built the building that contains the national museum? END
START when was the national museum founded? END
START what does chhauni silkhana mean? END
START when did tribhuvan die? END
START what was the birth year of king mahendra? END
START how many museums are in the hanumandhoka palace? END
START who was the penultimate king of nepal? END
START during what era was the hanumandhoka palace constructed? END
START where in kathmandu is narayanhity palace museum located? END
START in what year was narayanhity constructed? END
START whose marriage led to the construction of narayanhity? END
START how many acres is the narayanhity palace? END
START what god is narayana? END
START what is the taragaon museum dedicated to? END
START who is the designer of the taragaon museum? END
START in what year was the taragaon museum built? END
START what stupa is located close to the taragaon museum? END
START what was the taragaon museum prior to being a museum? END
START contemporary kathmandu art combines traditional influences with what type of art? END
START how many types are nepali works of art typically divided into? END
START what do the tibetans call traditional idealistic paintings? END
START what uk charity works on behalf of kathmandu art? END
START what do the nepalese call thangkas? END
START where can one find the srijana contemporary art gallery? END
START the moti azima gallery contains objects that might be found in a nepalese house of what time period? END
START what art gallery is located close to the durbarmarg royal palace? END
START where can the nepal art council gallery be found? END
START in which of nepal's art galleries can one take an art class? END
START how many volumes are contained in nepal's national library? END
START along with hindi, sanskrit, nepali and english, the national library contains books in what language? END
START what government department is located in the same building as the kaiser library? END
START how many volumes does the kaiser library contain? END
START who did the kaiser library's books previously belong to? END
START where can the national dance theatre be found in kathmandu? END
START what year saw the beginning of the aarohan theater group? END
START what gathering is the work of the gurukul school of theatre? END
START who constructed the theater in hanumandhoka durbar square? END
START what meat is very rarely eaten in kathmandu? END
START what animal does buff come from? END
START what people are particularly known for eating buff? END
START what cuisine notably makes use of pork? END
START what do kathmandu residents typically eat for breakfast? END
START how many restaurants in the western style were present in kathmandu circa 1955? END
START what chain restaurants are present in kathmandu? END
START how is the egg in american chop suey prepared? END
START along with locals and tourists, who eats at kathmandu's restaurants? END
START along with nepali, indian and chinese cuisines, what cuisine has been a focus of kathmandu restaurants? END
START what beverage is consumed by more people in kathmandu, coffee or tea? END
START how might a western traveler find the tea served in kathmandu? END
START what is used to make thwon? END
START what are bhattis? END
START what goes through a fermentation process to create tongba? END
START to what era do a majority of kathmandu's festivals date back to? END
START before the modern era, who mostly celebrated kathmandu festivals? END
START in what direction out of kathmandu did the khas originate from? END
START what does ghode mean? END
START in relation to kathmandu, where do the tibetans hale? END
START in addition to hindus, who regards the bagmati river as sacred? END
START what is done with hindus after they die? END
START what are done with the bodies of kirants after death? END
START in a hindu funeral, who is typically the main mourner? END
START before hindus are cremated, how many times are their bodies placed in the bagmati? END
START in what century was bhrikuti said to live? END
START when did araniko die? END
START what religion did araniko help to evangelize? END
START how many newar buddhist monasteries are present in kathmandu? END
START approximately how many monasteries in the kathmandu area are run by tibetan buddhists? END
START what type of religion is kirant mundhum? END
START who follows the kirant mudhum faith? END
START who worshipped at wanga akash bhairabh in ancient times? END
START what is another name for ancestor worship? END
START where can a temple of the jain faith be found? END
START kathmandu valley is home to about how many baha'i? END
START where is the baha'i national office located in nepal? END
START about what percentage of the nepali population follows islam? END
START about how many christian houses of worship exist in kathmandu? END
START of what university is the institute of medicine a constituent college? END
START in what part of kathmandu is the institute of medicine found? END
START when did the institute of medicine begin to offer education in medicine? END
START what does kusms stand for? END
START what institution of tertiary education is known as nams? END
START along with cricket, what sport is highly popular among nepali youth? END
START what body oversees soccer in nepal? END
START how many people can fit in dasarath rangasala stadium? END
START in what part of kathmandu is dasarath rangasala stadium located? END
START who assisted nepal in renovating dasarath rangasala stadium? END
START as of 2004, how many kilometers of road existed in nepal? END
START why is travel in kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft? END
START what highway connecting kathmandu to elsewhere in nepal is currently being built? END
START in what direction out of kathmandu does the prithvi highway travel? END
START if one wished to travel north out of kathmandu, what highway would be used? END
START what is nepal's primary airport for international travel? END
START starting in the center of kathmandu, how many kilometers must one travel to reach tribhuvan international airport? END
START how many airlines use tribhuvan international for international flights? END
START from what city does arkefly offer nonstop flights to kathmandu? END
START who operates flights between kathmandu and istanbul? END
START in what us state did kathmandu first establish an international relationship? END
START what was yangon previously known as? END
START with what belorussian city does kathmandu have a relationship? END
START in what year did kathmandu create its initial international relationship? END
START what is kmc an initialism of? END
START what is the scientific name for blood flow? END
START what percentage of women have had a heart attack? END
START what percentage of people have chest pain when experiencing an mi? END
START what is heartburn a commonly known as? END
START how long does heartburn last? END
START what is used to confirm a artery spasm? END
START what test includes cocaine? END
START what type of rupture helps prevent mi? END
START what causes extreme cold? END
START what does a coronary angiography look for? END
START what drugstore item is a poor treatment for mi? END
START supplemental oxygen does not improve what? END
START what medicine is used to remove blockages? END
START what surgery is designed to slow blood flow? END
START what blood thinner is used in st elevation treatments? END
START what type of heart problem has a typically instantaneous onset? END
START how is pain in the left arm often described? END
START what is a good way to predict a heart attack? END
START what is the term for pain in the left arm? END
START what does a lack of oxygen supply cause? END
START what is excessive weakness called? END
START diaphoresis causes a massive surge of what hormones? END
START which nervous system is responsible for shortness of breath? END
START what is left ventricular failure called? END
START what kind of shock can cause sudden death? END
START how many symptoms do people with diabetes typically report? END
START what are the most common symptoms for men? END
START how long after the ischemic event do symptoms manifest? END
START what is more predictive of coronary ischemia for women? END
START what percentage of silent cases are later discovered on electrocardiograms? END
START people with what disease are least likely to experience a silent mi? END
START why is a donor heart more sensitive to pain from mis? END
START what have been ruled out as possible explanations for silent mis in diabetics? END
START what fraction of mis are discovered with blood enzyme tests? END
START what forms of air pollution does smoking tobacco cause? END
START how many cigarettes per day increase the risk of a heart attack? END
START increased physical activity is bad for what? END
START short term exposure to 3-4 servings of what is dangerous? END
START evidence for what product has proven to be unequivocally dangerous? END
START study show you should replace polyunsaturated fat with what? END
START blood cholesterol has a significant impact on what? END
START what type of cholesterol requires careful limitations? END
START trans what decreases risk? END
START how many genetic variants are shown to decrease risk of an mi? END
START pcsk9 is found in what locus? END
START how many genetic variants are in the 9p21 genomic locus? END
START what was implicated in the coding region of 9p21? END
START sort1 is associated with decreasing risk of what? END
START how many subtypes does st-elevated mi have? END
START what are always a manifestation of artery disease? END
START how long does an mi take? END
START how many plaques become unstable in a typical mi? END
START how long does an angiography take? END
START what does necrosis trigger? END
START what is a collagen scar called? END
START what is another name for a ventricular aneurysm? END
START apoptosis is the death of what artery? END
START what is impaired blood flow called? END
START normal heart tissue is slower than what? END
START what is the name of the arrhythmia that is slower than normal? END
START v-tach is the leading cause of what? END
START electrical impulses trigger what? END
START a rising blood pressure can cause additional what? END
START the setting of plaque is called what? END
START crp is known to play a direct role in what? END
START what specific marker indicates inflammation? END
START drugs for mi tend to raise what? END
START what type of screening is generally recommended? END
START how many anginas must a person report to have a stemi? END
START st elevation can develop into what? END
START the ecg must show less than how many mv for a male to be considered a stemi? END
START what has recently been added as a qualification for a stemi? END
START which two named leads only have to be above 1 mm to be counted? END
START what is used to examine blood flood in unstable patients? END
START what is another name for thallium-201? END
START what purpose does technetium serve in terms of identifying tissue? END
START what must be determined after taking an imaging test? END
START a patient does not need routine imaging when they have what kind of biomarker? END
START how many mg of fat is suggested for a healthy person's diet? END
START what percentage of mono-polyunsaturated fat should make up a person's daily energy requirements? END
START what is a good replacement for olive oil? END
START nutritionists recommend an intake of more than 30% of what in one's diet? END
START what controversy have dieticians largely settled? END
START what drug has been shown to have significant benefits for people at risk of an mi? END
START most studies tend to focus on people with what disease? END
START people with diabetes have an increased likelihood of what side effect? END
START based on the lack of benefits, what has largely stopped recommending asprin? END
START aspirin is recommended for people with a high risk both cardiovascular disease and what? END
START what is the shortened way of referring to thrombolysis? END
START pci and what treatment must be performed within 90 to 120 minutes? END
START how long does the pci procedure take? END
START what treatment is recommended after 24 hours? END
START when must ecg evidence be taken? END
START what enzymes in the body typically destroy blood clots? END
START what is an example of a contraindication that must be present for thrombolysis? END
START thrombolytic drugs are given to how many people? END
START if thrombolytic drugs are given after 6 hours of onset, what are the odds of bleeding? END
START how many hours must pass after onset of symptoms before administering thrombolysis? END
START when is clopidogrel removed? END
START what is nsteacs an abbreviation for? END
START clopidogrel is a form of what inhibitor? END
START what inhibitors are used in low-risk scenarios? END
START eptifibatide has what kind of molecular weight? END
START cardiac rehabilitation is not an option under what circumstances? END
START cardiac rehabilitation often recommends ceasing what activities? END
START what should start immediately upon registering at the hospital? END
START when are other medical conditions address? END
START how many classes of st-segmentation are there? END
START prognosis improves after what complication? END
START what has decreased over the years? END
START what are some examples of st-segment deviation? END
START what are risk factors called? END
START what is dressler's syndrome? END
START what does an aneurysm of the left ventricle lead to? END
START what does mitral regurgitation cause? END
START atrial fibrillation can only be what kind of problem? END
START what percentage of deaths does unipolar depressive disorder cause? END
START how many people died from ihd from 1985-2015? END
START what is the worldwide leading cause of death? END
START what percentage of deaths will ihd be responsible for in 2030? END
START when did ihd begin to be a bigger problem in the developing word? END
START what is a myocardial infarction is always considered to be? END
START what occupation cannot have a heart attack classified as work-related? END
START what typically covers an mi? END
START when is an mi not considered a work-related injury? END
START what generally treats mi as an injury? END
