START how many club members are there? END
START how many matches does each team play? END
START what days are most games played? END
START who sponsors the premier league? END
START what name is the premier league known as outside of the united kingdom? END
START how many member clubs are shareholders in the premier league? END
START when do premier league seasons run from? END
START how many matches do each team play? END
START who sponsors the premier league? END
START what is the premier league commonly referred to outside the uk? END
START teams play each other 3 times in which league? END
START in the premier league, what do the 38 member clubs act as? END
START what runs from may to august? END
START what are mostly played on sunday mornings? END
START because it is sponsored by the shareholders, what is the league officially known as? END
START what date was the premier league formed? END
START how much was the deal worth? END
START who secured the domestic rights to broadcast games 116 and 38 respectively? END
START how much revenue does the league generate in domestic and international television rights? END
START in 2014/15, how much were the teams apportioned in revenues? END
START when was the premier league originally formed? END
START when was the football league originally founded? END
START how many games were secured to broadcast by bskyb? END
START how many games were secured to broadcast by bt group? END
START how much income does the premier league generate per year in worldwide television rights? END
START which club did the football league decide to break away from? END
START in what year was the football league first division founded? END
START on which date was the football premier league formed? END
START as of 2013, how much has the league generated in domestic and international television rights? END
START how much revenue were teams given during 2013/14? END
START is the premier league the most watched football league in the world? END
START how many territories is the premier league broadcast to? END
START what is the potential television audience of the premier league? END
START what is the average game attendance for the league? END
START what is the premier league's uefa co-efficients of leagues rank? END
START to how many homes is the premier league broadcast to? END
START what average attendance number was exceeded by the premier league in the 2014-15 season? END
START which league has the highest average attendance in professional football? END
START to how many territories is the premier league broadcast to? END
START what is the potential television audience of the premier league? END
START which league is the least watched in the world? END
START which league is the most watched football league in the united states? END
START the premier league broadcasts in 643 territories to how many million homes? END
START the premier league is broadcast in 212 million homes and how many territories? END
START what is the potential tv audience of the uefa league? END
START when was the low point for english football? END
START why was there a low point for english football? END
START why were the english clubs banned from european competition in the 1980's? END
START had the football league first division ever been in the top level? END
START in which year were english football clubs banned from competition in europe? END
START how long were the clubs banned for? END
START what did english players do after the ban? END
START when attendance dropped to the football league first division, what else decreased? END
START because of european success, which decade marked a high point for english football? END
START despite english success during the 70s and 80s, what did the 80's mean for european football? END
START in which decade was the high point for english football? END
START why were english clubs asked to join the european competition for five years? END
START since which year has the football league first division been the low level of english football? END
START when did the downward trend of the english football start to turn around? END
START was england successful in the 1990 fifa world cup? END
START did the uefa remove the 5 year ban on english clubs playing in european competitions in 1990? END
START what did the removal of the ban result in? END
START did the taylor report on stadiums safety standards propose expensive upgrades to stadiums? END
START in which year did english football's downward trend stop thanks to england making it to the fifa world cup semi-finals? END
START in which year was the english club ban lifted by uefa? END
START in which year shortly thereafter did manchester united win the uefa winners' cup? END
START in which month was the taylor report published? END
START in which year was the taylor report published? END
START by the turn of which decade was the upward trend beginning to reverse? END
START in which fifa world cup was europe successful? END
START in which year did the premier league live the five year ban on english clubs? END
START which ban was lifted in 1991? END
START in which year was the ninety year ban on english clubs lifted? END
START how much money did the football league receive in revenues from television money for a two year agreement in 1986? END
START in 1998, the deal was renewed for what amount over four years? END
START in 1988, how many clubs threateded to leave and form another league? END
START why did some of the top teams consider leaving the football league? END
START what did the football league's television agreement price rise to in 1988? END
START when was the first year that clubs threatened to leave the football league? END
START what price was set for football league television rights in 1986? END
START for how many years was the 1986 television rights contract? END
START for how many years was the 1988 television rights contract? END
START how much was the deal worth when it was renewed in 1986? END
START what did 12 clubs threaten they would leave to form? END
START what type of money became less important? END
START in 1986, how much was the four year deal worth? END
START in 1988, how much was the two year deal worth? END
START in 1991, was a proposal for a new league postponed? END
START when was the founder members agreement signed? END
START what did this agreement establish? END
START would the new top division have commerical independence from the football association as well as the football league? END
START would the fa premier league be able to negotiate their broadcasting and sponsorship agreements? END
START on which day was the founder members agreement signed? END
START what was the argument made for the splitting off of the fa premier league which would lead to being able to compete across europe? END
START in which year was the proposal for a new league tabled? END
START when was the fa premier league agreement signed? END
START the fa premier league established the basic principles for which agreement? END
START the new division would be dependent on which association and league? END
START what would the extra income allow european clubs to do? END
START what was proposed at the beginning of the 1991 season? END
START why did greg dyke of london weekend television meet with representatives of the biggest five english football clubs in 1990? END
START why did dyke only want the larger clubs featured on national television? END
START did the five clubs think this was a good idea? END
START were talks held with the football association to see if they were okay with this plan? END
START who was the london weekend television's managing director? END
START in which year did the managing director meet with the representatives of the "big five" football clubs? END
START in which country did the managing director meet with the representatives of the "big five" football clubs? END
START which arsenal representative held talks with the football association about getting their backing for the new league? END
START what did the football association want to do through building a relationship with the new league? END
START who is the managing director of the football league? END
START in what year did david dein meet with the "big five" clubs? END
START in 1990, who met with representatives from the big five football association? END
START what did dyke believe about the smaller clubs? END
START which clubs decided it wasn't a good idea? END
START when did the first division clubs resign from the football league? END
START when was the fa premier league formed as a limited company? END
START how many divisions did the premier league start out with at this time? END
START how many divisions did the football league after the the premier league was founded? END
START was there a change in the competition format after the premier league was formed? END
START on which date was the fa premier league formed legally? END
START out of which organization's headquarters did the original fa premier league staff operate out of? END
START how old was the football league when the break-up happened? END
START how many divisions were left in the football league after the split? END
START how many divisions did the premier league start with after the split? END
START where were the football association's headquarters located in 1904? END
START the football league would have a single division and the premier league would have how many? END
START the premier league would have three divisions and the football league would have how many? END
START for how many years did the football league operate with five divisions? END
START the football league operated for 105 years with how many divisions? END
START when did the premier league hold its first season? END
START originally, how many clubs did the premier league have? END
START who scored the first ever goal for the premier league END
START which blubs were relegated from the old first division at the end of the 1991-1992 season and didn't take part in the first premier league season? END
START in which years were the first season? END
START how many clubs originally made up the league? END
START who scored the first goal in the premier league? END
START for which team was the first goal scored? END
START against which team was the first goal scored? END
START during the leagues first season in 1991 how many clubs was it made up of? END
START in which year was the league made up of 21 clubs and had its first season? END
START in what years was the leagues second season held? END
START who is known for scoring the last ever goal int he premier league? END
START what is brian deane of crystal palace known for? END
START what was an important feature of the premier league in the mid-2000s? END
START which team had no losses in 2003-2004 and ended up winning the league? END
START why was kevin keegan concerned about the league in may of 2008? END
START since 2003-04, has any club won all of its games like arsenal did? END
START in how many season from 2003 to 2009 did the "big four" take all four top places in the uefa champions league? END
START which of the "big four" teams did not lose a single game in the 2003-04 season? END
START who stated that "big four" dominance was a threat to the division? END
START who said that all of the tussles in the premier league made it interesting, even if only four teams dominated? END
START what was richard scudamore's job? END
START what was a significant feature of the premier league in the may 2008? END
START name the members of the "big five"? END
START along with arsenal, chelsea and uefa, who else is a member of the big four? END
START during which time frame did the big four dominate the top five spots? END
START who is quoted as saying the dominance of the big five is threatening the league? END
START which team finished fourth in the 2009-10 season? END
START why was there critcism of the elite clubs? END
START since 1994-95, who was the first club out side of the "big four" to win the title END
START which two "big four" clubs did not finish in the top four in the 2011-12 season? END
START in the 2009-10 season, which team was the first to break into the "big four" since 2005? END
START in which position did tottenham finish in the 2009-10 season? END
START in 2011-12, which club was the first non-"big four" team to win since 1994-95? END
START in 2011-12, how many "big four" clubs finished outside the top four places in the league? END
START in 2005, which was the only non-"big four" team to break the top four? END
START in which season did tottenham finish third? END
START during which season did tottenham become the second team to enter the top four since 2005? END
START during the 2011–12 season, which two teams finished inside the top four for the first time since 1994-95? END
START why were the elite clubs praised? END
START in which season did tottenham city win the title? END
START in 1995, who requested that domestic leagues lower the amount of games played. END
START what was the number of clubs reduced to in 1995. END
START who insisted that the number of games played in each domestic league must be reduced? END
START in 1995, what was the number of clubs in the league reduced to? END
START on which date did fifa request that all european leagues reduce the number of teams within themselves to 18? END
START in the 2007-08 season, how many teams was the premier league left with? END
START how many teams were relegated from the premier league in 1995? END
START in which year the number of games played increased to 20? END
START in 2007, the league reduced the number of games played to how many? END
START which entity is the national governing body of football? END
START since which year has fifa been the governing body of football? END
START who suggested increasing the number of games played? END
START how many votes does each football association premier league ltd (fapl) club have on issues? END
START who is the chairman of the fapl and when was he appointed? END
START why did john quinton and peter leaver resign as chairman and chief excutive? END
START does the football association say about the management of the premier league? END
START who owns the football association premier league? END
START how many votes do the member clubs of the premier league have each? END
START what do the people each club elect oversee? END
START who is the current chairman of the premier league? END
START who is the current ceo of the premier league? END
START by how many member clubs are the shareholders owned? END
START the fapl is owned by how many chief executives? END
START who is owned by over 20 member clubs? END
START having two votes, what is each club considered? END
START for what reason does fapl select a chairman, chief executive and vice president? END
START who decides on how many premeir league representatives there are for the european club association? END
START how many representatives does the premier league have for the european club association for 2012-13? END
START how many members does the european club association elect for the uefa's club competitions committee? END
START which competitions does the club competitions committee have a say in? END
START according to what are the number of and which clubs chosen to attend the european club association? END
START how many representatives did the premier league have in the european club association during the 2012-13 season? END
START how many members is the european club association responsible for electing to the uefa club competitions committee? END
START during the 2020 season how many premier league representatives were there in the association? END
START during which season were there 100 premier league representatives in the association? END
START to where does the uefa send representatives? END
START representatives are sent to the premier league by which association? END
START which association is responsible for electing 10 members to the uefa's club competitions committee? END
START when does the premier league have its playing season? END
START how many games does each club play each season? END
START how many points does each club receive for each win? END
START which criteria is used to rank the clubs? END
START how is a tie for the championship handled? END
START how many clubs are currently in the premier league? END
START which month marks the start of a premier league season? END
START how many times does each club play every other club? END
START how many total games does each club in the premier league play per season? END
START how many clubs are in the premier championship league? END
START a premier league season runs from may to when? END
START during which months does a premier championship league take place? END
START each team plays the others three times during the course of what? END
START each season, the 38 clubs in the premier league play a total of how many games? END
START what will a fifth place premier league team qualify for? END
START what places are reserved for the fa cup and the league cup winners? END
START why is it important to have a high fair play ranking? END
START if a team already qualifies for the champions league and they winner the fa cup or the league cup will another team get to qualify for the champions league? END
START how many europa league places are reserved for domestic tournament winners? END
START to which league is the fifth place premier league team automatically qualified for? END
START the team which has the highest ranking in the fair play standings is guaranteed qualification for which qualifying round in the europa league? END
START what does the team who places third automatically qualify for?  END
START thre europa league places are reserved for the winners of what?  END
START what places are reserved for the winners of the fair play initiative and the fa cup? END
START how many places are reserved for the winners of the uefa europa league? END
START which team did not qualifty for champions league in 2005 but was able to particpate? END
START did the liverpool club place in the champions league in 2005? END
START how many qualifiers did england have for the champions league in 2005? END
START do defending champtions get to play in the following year's champions league if they don't have enough wins to qualify END
START how many winning teams from an association can participate in the champions league? END
START which team received special dispensation from the uefa in 2005 so they could enter the champions league? END
START who did uefa rule should automatically qualify for the champions league? END
START at which team's expense does the previous champion's automatic entry into the champions league without placing in the top four come? END
START in 2012, which team was automatically qualified for the champion's league even though they did not place in the top four? END
START which team was denied entry into the champions league in 2012 due to being bumped out of the running by the defending champion? END
START during the 2012 season, liverpool was given special dispensation to enter which league? END
START associations can have no more than five entrants in which league? END
START in which year did an exception to the usual chelsea qualifying system happen? END
START who did tottenham hotspur qualify in place of? END
START in 2005, chelsea qualified for the champions league in place of who? END
START how many times have premier league teams have won the champions league since 1992-2013? END
START how many times has the premier league won the world cup (fifa club) during that same time period? END
START how many times have premier league teams been runners up in the world cup? END
START how many times did premier league clubs win the champions league between 1992 and 2013? END
START how many runners up in the champions league were from the premier league between 1992 and 2013? END
START which league had the most champions league wins between 1992 and 2013? END
START which league had the second most champions league wins between 1992 and 2013? END
START which league had only three champions league wins between 1992 and 2013? END
START between 1992 and 2013, spain's la liga won the uefa champions league four times and the premier league won how many times? END
START between 1992 and 2013, spain's la liga won the uefa champions league four times and italy's serie a won how many times? END
START between 1992 and 2013, uefa won spain's la liga four times and the premier league won how many times? END
START between 1992 and 2013, the premier league won spain's la liga four times and germany's bundesliga won how many times? END
START between 1992 and 2013, the premier league won the uefa champions league four times and germany's bundesliga won how many times? END
START what are the premier league's revenues for 2009-10? END
START what were some of the reasons for the increased revenues in 2013-14? END
START which award did the premier league win in 2010? END
START why did it receive this award? END
START what were the premier league's net profits in 2013-14? END
START which league has the highest revenue in the world? END
START what were the total revenues of the premier league in the 2009-10 season? END
START what were the net profits of the premier league in 2013-14? END
START in which year was the premier league awarded an international trade award? END
START which league has the lowest revenue of any football league in the world? END
START with revenues of 78 million, which football league has the highest revenue in the world? END
START what award was the premier league given in 2013? END
START which award is presented for outstanding contribution to national trade? END
START in what year was the premier league given the united kingdom award? END
START when was swansea city's home match played against wigan athletic? END
START did swansea qualify for the europa leaque in 2012-13? END
START how did swansea qualify for the europa league? END
START in 2013-14, how much did the premier league's welsh clubs increase by? END
START which team gained promotion then but was relegated after its first season? END
START in which year did a welsh club participate in the premier league for the first time? END
START which team was promoted to the premier league in 2011? END
START in which stadium was the first premier league match played outside of england? END
START on which date did swansea city play its first premier league game? END
START against which team did swansea city play its first premier league game? END
START after europa city gained promotion, which club participated in the premier league for the first time? END
START in which year did a europa city gain promotion and a welsh club join the league? END
START after which city gained promotion did a europa club join the premier league? END
START which city gained promotion in august 2011? END
START who qualified for the league by being the winner of wigan athletic? END
START are there any clubs scotland or ireland in the premier league? END
START which team received permission to move to dublin, ireland in 1998? END
START why didn't they move to dublin? END
START what are scotland's two largest teams? END
START which team received premier league approval to relocate to dublin? END
START in which year did a premier league team consider relocating to ireland? END
START who occasionally discusses a scottish team joining the premier league? END
START discussion about which clubs has led to them joining the premier league? END
START what is the names of scotland's two smallest teams? END
START the celtic and rangers are the two smallest teams of which country? END
START in which year did the rangers get premier league approval to relocate? END
START in which year did wimbledon  get premier league approval to relocate to scotland? END
START who received broadcasting rights to the premier league in 1992? END
START why was this a unique decision? END
START what happened to the premier league's televsion rights after this decision? END
START what was the cause of this? END
START in which year did the premier league decide to give bskyb broadcasting rights? END
START what sort of television was bskyb that made it such a radical broadcaster to choose for the premier league? END
START in which league has television played a minor role? END
START in which year did bskyb assign broadcasting rights to the league? END
START in which year did the premier league give the uk market broadcasting rights? END
START what has played a minor role in the history of the premier league? END
START what has played a major role in bskyb? END
START do european leagues sell their television rights per a collective level? END
START what happens when european leagues sell their televsion rights individually? END
START how is the teleivsion revenue distributed in the premier league? END
START how is half of the money distributed? END
START how is the final quarter of the money distributed? END
START on what sort of basis does the premier league sell its television rights? END
START how does la liga sell its broadcasting rights? END
START which clubs get the greatest share of broadcasting income when rights are sold individually? END
START what percentage of broadcasting revenue is divided equally by all la liga clubs? END
START what percentage of broadcasting revenue is awarded on a merit basis according to ranking at the end of the season? END
START on what kind of basis do the twenty clubs sell their rights? END
START la liga sells its rights collectively while the premier league sells how? END
START how is the income from domestic rights divided between the twenty clubs? END
START how is the revenue from overseas rights divided between the 40 clubs? END
START the revenue from overseas rights is divided unequally between how many clubs? END
START how much was the amount of first five seasons of the sky television rights? END
START how much many did the premier league make from selling its internation rights during 2004-07? END
START what happened to sky's agreement in 2006. END
START why did this happen? END
START what was the average income from media from 2007-2010 for the premier league? END
START how many seasons did the first television rights contract award to sky? END
START how much was the first television rights contract awarded to sky worth? END
START how much was the second television rights contract awarded to sky worth? END
START how much was the third television rights contract awarded to sky worth? END
START by being awarded television rights, which other network broke sky's monopoly on premier league coverage? END
START the first sky television rights agreement was worth how much money over a six year period? END
START the first sky television rights agreement was worth 105 million over what time period? END
START the second contract began in the 1996 season and was worth how much? END
START how much was the second contract worth over a three season period? END
START how much was the third contract worth over a four season period? END
START why has there been a several court cases against sky and premier league? END
START what did the office of fair trading decide regarding the claim that sky abuses their position in 2002. END
START who investigated the premier league's collective selling rights in 1999? END
START what did they decide about the collective selling issue? END
START what has the agreement between the premier league and sky been accused of being? END
START who investigated the agreement between the premier league and sky in 2002? END
START who investigated how the premier league sold television rights in 1999? END
START agreements between uk restrictive practices court and the premier league have been accused of being what? END
START what has arisen as a result of tv rights agreements between the premier league and the office of fair trading? END
START in which year did the uk restrictive practices court find bskyb to be dominant in the pay tv sports market? END
START in which year did the office of fair trading find sufficient grounds to claim bskyb abused its dominant position within the pay tv sports market? END
START how much money did premier league earn regarding television rights in 2010-13? END
START how many games did bt show in 2013-16? END
START who will show 116 games for that same time period? END
START how much have the domestic televsion rights increased from 2010-12 to 2012-13? END
START how much did bt and sky pay for their rights up to the 2018-19 season? END
START when will the bbc's weekend highlights package run out? END
START how much were premier league television rights from 2010 to 2013 purchased for? END
START when did setanta sports fail to meet their payments deadline? END
START when setanta sports could not pay their bill to the league, which network took over broadcast rights from them? END
START on which date was it announced that bt was awarded a broadcasting contract? END
START for how much did sky retain the remaining 23 matches? END
START which channel's package on monday nights  will run until 2016? END
START which package on saturday and sunday nights will run through 2009? END
START for how long will the premier league highlights package run? END
START what country is the premier league the most distributed televised sports broadcast? END
START who broadcasts the premier league's games in india? END
START who broadcasts the premier league's games in china? END
START who broadcasts the premier league's games in canada? END
START how many games does each of them broadcast? END
START on which continent other than europe is the premier league especially popular? END
START which network is the main live broadcaster of premier league in australia? END
START which network in australia offers viewers the choice of which saturday afternoon match they watch? END
START which network broadcasts premier league live in india? END
START which chinese broadcaster has premier league rights? END
START where is the premier league particularly unpopular? END
START where is the premier league the least widely distributed sports program? END
START what does fox sports broadcast in asia? END
START in what year where the broadcast rights in china given to sportsnet? END
START who jointly owns sportsnet and tsn? END
START who broadcasts the premier league's games in the united states? END
START what was the average viewership in the united states during the 2014-15 season? END
START how many years did nbc sports receive an extension for with the premier league in 2015? END
START what was the value of this extension? END
START when will this extension end? END
START which american broadcaster shows the premier league currently? END
START by what percentage has viewership in the us risen from 2012 to 2015? END
START how many viewers on average watched the premier league 2014-15 season in the us? END
START in which year did nbc sports secure an extension of six years with the premier league? END
START how much was the nbc broadcasting deal with the premier league worth in 2015? END
START through which channel is the fox sports league broadcast in the us? END
START in what year did fox sports and the premier league come to a six year extension? END
START how much was the seven year deal between nbc sports and the premier league valued at? END
START in which country is the premier league broadcast through espn sports? END
START for how many years was the extension between espn and fox soccer? END
START why has their been distance between the premier league and the football league? END
START did many new teams in the premier league have any difficulties in their initial season? END
START was it unusual for a new team to go back to the football league after their first season in the premier league? END
START in the 1997-98 season how many new teams had to go back to the football league? END
START due to the disparity in television rights revenue between leagues, who struggles to avoid relegation in their premier league first season? END
START in every season but 2001-02 and 2011-12, at least how many premier league teams have been relegated? END
START how many newly promoted clubs were relegated from the premier league in 1997-98? END
START between which leagues has there been a decreasing gulf? END
START the premier league and which other league have been noticing a decreasing gulf? END
START from which league did the television split from? END
START when in 1997-98 were the four promoted clubs relegated? END
START in which season has there been at least one football league newcomer relegated back to the premier league? END
START if a team is relegated in the premier league what type of tv payment do they receive? END
START what do critics have to say about this payment? END
START what has happened to some of the clubs who weren't able to get back into the premier league right away? END
START how much does a football league club receive on average for their television revenues? END
START how does this compare an average premier league team? END
START to which type of team are parachute payments distributed to in the premier league? END
START starting in the 2013-14 season, parachute payments are in excess of what amount of revenue? END
START what is said to widen between clubs who reach the premier league and those who do not thanks to parachute payments? END
START what does the football league championship club do with a portion of tv revenue? END
START what do supporters say about the parachute payments? END
START to what type of team does the football league championship club distribute parachute payments? END
START how much to the "bouncing back" payments exceed? END
START what did the taylor report recommend at the the hillsborough disaster in 1989? END
START what was the result of their recommendation? END
START how many stadiums have been closed down since premier league started? END
START what was the total seating capacity of stadiums in the premier league in the 2010-11 season. END
START in how many stadiums had premier league been played as of the 2015-16 season? END
START what did the taylor report recommend to abolish from all stadiums? END
START how many stadiums in which the premier league has been played have been demolished as of 2016? END
START what is the capacity of bloomfield road stadium? END
START what is the combined total capacity of all stadiums in the premier league as of 2011? END
START since the leagues beginnings in 2015, how many stadiums have there been games in? END
START the premier league has played in 75,957 stadiums since which year? END
START in which year was the taylor report disaster? END
START since which leagues creation have football grounds in old trafford seen steady improvements? END
START what has happened to ten stadiums that have hosted premier league football? END
START are attendance remittances that important to the premier league? END
START what was the premier leagues standard attendance in the 2007-08 season? END
START what was the league's first year attendance average? END
START attendance for the 2013-14 season set a new record of how much? END
START what was the average attendance for all premier league clubs during the 2009-10 season? END
START what was the total attendance of all premier league games during the 2009-10 season? END
START by how many attendees did the average premier league attendance increase between 1992 and 2009? END
START for when did the taylor report set the deadline for replacing terraces with seats in stadiums? END
START during which season did the premier league set a record average attendance of over 36,000 people? END
START what is a significant source of revenue for the taylor report? END
START stadium attendances provide what for the taylor report clubs? END
START with a total aggregate attendance of 34,215, how much was the average attendance across clubs for the 2009-10 season? END
START in which year was the record beaten when average attendance was recorded at just under 14 million? END
START what is the highest total in england's top flight since 1992? END
START what are some of the every day tasks that a manager of a team has to deal with? END
START what type of licence does a manager need? END
START is this licence required on a permanent basis? END
START what is a caretaker manager? END
START give an example of someone who was a caretaker manager? END
START what license are managers in the premier league required to hold? END
START which licence follows completion of both the uefa b and a licences? END
START for how long at most is an unlicenced caretaker manager allowed to control a premier league team for? END
START which caretaker manager was later promoted to permanent manager at portsmouth? END
START which caretaker manager was later promoted to permanent manager at tottenham hotspur? END
START what is a manager appointment? END
START what have numerous fans gone on to secure after doing well as a caretaker? END
START who is an example of a fan who went on to secure a permanent managerial post after doing well as a caretaker? END
START at the beginning of the premier league how many foreign players were there for the first  round of games? END
START by the 2000-1 season what was the percentage of foreign players? END
START which team in 1999 had a line-up for starting that was consisted of all foreign players? END
START which team in 2005 had all-foreign team players? END
START in 2009, what percent of the players were english in the premier league? END
START how many of the original premier league players in the 1992-93 season hailed from outside the uk or ireland? END
START by 2000-01, what percentage of players in the premier league were from outside the uk and ireland? END
START by 2004-05, what percentage of players in the premier league were from outside the uk and ireland? END
START on which date did chelsea host an entirely foreign starting line-up and therefore become the first team to do so? END
START on which date did arsenal name a fully foreign 16-man squad for a match? END
START how many players were from the uk or ireland when the premier league was created? END
START how many players were from outside the uk or ireland when the premier league was created in 2004? END
START by what year was the number of domestic players in the league equal to 36 percent? END
START who became the first team to field an all domestic starting line up? END
START by what year were over 40% of players in the league english? END
START why did the home office change it rules regardin work permits in 1999? END
START what was one of their changes? END
START what was another requirement of foreign players? END
START could a club appeal a requirement? END
START in which year did the home office tighten rules on granting work permits to foreign football players? END
START for what percent must a player play of the competitive a team matches for which he was available for selection in the previous two years to get a work permit from the home office? END
START over the last two years, what rank must a player's team average at least in order for them to receive a work permit from the home office? END
START what can a club do if a player they wish to sign does not meet the home office's work permit requirements? END
START which entity loosened its rules in response to concerns about the clubs passing over english players? END
START which entity tightened its rules in response to concerns about the clubs passing over british players? END
START in what year did the home office loosen rules for granting work permits? END
START what did the home office loosen its rules for in 1999? END
START in what year did the home office tighten its rules for clubs wishing to sign players? END
START when can a player be transferred? END
START when are the transfer windows? END
START can players be transferred under an emergency outside the transfer windows? END
START what new rule was put into practice during the 2010-11 season? END
START why was this new rule put into effect? END
START during which time can a player be transferred from one european football league to another? END
START how many transfer windows are available each year from the football association? END
START on which basis are transfers outside of transfer windows licenced? END
START what is the maximum number of players able to be registered to a premier league team? END
START how many of a 25-member premier league squad must be from the uk or ireland? END
START who sets the transfer windows in which fans are transferred? END
START how many transfer windows does the premier league run? END
START from when do t he transfer players run? END
START in which season was it mandated that each club must have a maximum 21-man squad of players over 25? END
START which rule stated that at least 21 of the 25 men must be "home grown players"? END
START have transfer fees been increasing over the past years? END
START what was the record breaking transfer fee in 1996? END
START what was the transfer fee for gareth bale in 2013. END
START in 2009, what was the transfer fee for cristiano ronaldo? END
START what was luis suarez's transfer fee in 2014? END
START who was the first british player in the premier league to receive a transfer fee greater than £3 million? END
START who was the first british player in the premier league to receive a transfer fee greater than £15 million? END
START who paid £15 million to transfer alan shearer to their club? END
START in which year did newcastle united pay £15 million to transfer alan shearer to their club? END
START for how much did tottenham hotspur sell gareth bale to real madrid for in 2013? END
START for how long has the record transfer fee steadily declined? END
START who was the first manchester player to command a transfer fee greater than 3 million? END
START who made a record breaking move to tottenham hotspur in 1996? END
START for how much was the move between alan shearer and manchester united worth in 1996? END
START alan shearer became the fifth british player to do what? END
START who is the golden boot award given to each season? END
START who has the record for most goals in the premier league? END
START how many players have achieved 100 goals? END
START how many different players have won the top scorer title? END
START who has the record for scoring the most goals in single season? END
START to whom is the golden boot award given to? END
START who holds the record for the most goals in the premier league? END
START how many players have 100 goals or more in the premier league? END
START how many different players have won or shared the top scorer title in the premier league? END
START who had scored four overall scoring titles as of the 2006 season? END
START which award is given to the lowest premier league scorer each year? END
START who holds the record for least premier league goals with 260? END
START who holds the record for most premier league goals with 27? END
START how many goals did thierry henry score when he won his fifth scoring title? END
START along with theirry henry, who else holds the record for most goals in a season? END
START what is the premier league championship trophy based on? END
START where on the trophy can two of the lions be seen? END
START where can the third lion be seen? END
START what do the ribbons on the trophy mean? END
START the golden boot is made of sterling silver, silver gilt and which semi-precious stone? END
START on what type of metal band are the title-winning clubs listed on the golden boot? END
START what does the green colour of malachite on the golden boot represent? END
START how many lions are found on the golden boot? END
START who symbolizes the third lion not found on the golden boot trophy? END
START the trophy is based on four lions associated with what? END
START the ribbons draped upon the gold crown are presented how? END
START how is the second ribbon symbolised? END
START what has a golden band around its circumference? END
START what is made of solid gold and silver gilt? END
START when did the roman republic begin? END
START when did the roman republic end? END
START what marked the beginning of the roman republic? END
START when was cleopatra defeated at the battle of actium? END
START what do most consider to be the event that ended the roman republic? END
START who elected consuls in the roman government? END
START who eventually became full members of the aristocracy? END
START what were rome's legislative structures eventually turned into? END
START what was the senate that advised consuls in the roman government comprised of? END
START what went hand and hand with military success? END
START what factor is considered by some to be the main driving force behind the expansion of rome? END
START what type of policy is considered by some to be responsible for rome's many military conflicts? END
START what was a common conclusion to wars in the early days of republican rome? END
START what type of alliance was created between the various roman city-states? END
START what did roman settlers commonly seek out? END
START after what war did the alliances start to solidify? END
START what helped rome move closer to a confrontation with several other major powers in the area? END
START what towns had chosen hannibal's side? END
START what did city-states hope to gain from the roman confederacy? END
START what effect did the weakening of ptolemaic egypt have on nearby areas? END
START who attempted to find out how rome dominated the greek east? END
START why was rome involved in matters in the greek east? END
START which countries citie-states attempted to gain the protection of rome? END
START what was seen as the behind the roman influence in the east? END
START at what point was the entire roman world joined together under roman control? END
START what was not seen as an influence of rome's influence in the west? END
START what type of city-states were involved with the roman republic? END
START in what battle did rome claim victory over several latin cities in? END
START what year did the battle of lake regillus take place? END
START in what year did rome claim victory against the city of veii? END
START what roman battle took place in the year 446 bc? END
START who initially had control over the sabines? END
START when did the battle of allia river approximately end? END
START how many of the roman military were involved in the battle of allia river? END
START where did the romans attempt to escape to after their loss against the gauls? END
START what is the name of the chieftan who led his army to victory in the battle of allia river? END
START who asked rome for assistance after being overburdened by their enemies? END
START what country did the romans continue to expand to after rome was sacked? END
START how many battles were conducted by rome before they were forced to flee in the first samnite war? END
START what caused the romans early withdrawl in the first samnite war? END
START when did the first samnite war end? END
START who did rome claim victory against in the battle of vesuvius? END
START who suffered a great amount of losses battling the roman army? END
START what did rome refuse to do in their relations with pyrrhus? END
START what military leader does the term pyrrhic victory come from? END
START what ultimately caused pyrrhus to vacate completely from the country of italy? END
START in what year did the battle of beneventum take place? END
START what battles were initially complete disasters for rome? END
START what type of engine was invented by the romans? END
START who did the carthaginians hire to lead their army after several losses against the romans? END
START who claimed victory at the battle of aegates islands? END
START who lost access to the mediterranean after numerous naval losses? END
START what was the name of hannibal's family member that wanted to join his army in battle? END
START at what river was hasdrubal barca defeated at? END
START in which battle was hannibal clearly defeated at? END
START who had led the army that the romans had sent to africa? END
START why did the romans send an army to africa? END
START what had prevented carthage from defending their territory from pirates? END
START what type of colony was carthage primarily comprised of? END
START what cities flourished after they were conquered by the romans? END
START what was the main request of the romans that carthage turned down? END
START who did the numidians form an alliance with? END
START what kingdom sent an ambassador to italy in an attempt to form an alliance against rome? END
START where did philip v want to extend his control to? END
START what peninsula was the kingdom of macedonia able to be found in? END
START who did philip v seek an alliance with? END
START at what point did rome discover that an alliance between philip v and hannibal had been achieved? END
START what was declared by the romans now that the philip had been defeated? END
START where did the romans remove their troops from after philip's loss? END
START what request of rome was ignored by philip v that quickly led to the start of the second macedonian war? END
START in what year did philip lose the battle of cynoscephalae? END
START what was philip forced to return after his loss in the battle of cynoscephalae? END
START who had now been appointed as a military advisor to the emperor of seleucid? END
START what was thought to be the plan of hannibal and the emperor of seleucid? END
START which empire currently controlled the majority of the former persian empire? END
START who had managed to recreate nearly the entirety of the empire of alexander the great? END
START which former enemy wanted an alliance with the romans? END
START which town in italy now housed a large roman garrison? END
START why was a garrison implented in italy by the romans? END
START who had been defeated in the battle of thermopylae? END
START why did the romans decide to withdraw their forces from greece? END
START what loss started a decline of the seleucids empire? END
START in what year did philip pass away? END
START who was next in line to the throne at the time of philip's death? END
START in what year were did the macedonians lose the battle of pydna? END
START how did rome respond to their successive losses against the macedonians? END
START who had initially begun the third macedonian war? END
START how many republics was the kingdom of macedonia splintered into? END
START in what year did the fourt macedonian war end? END
START who did rome fight in the fourth macedonian war? END
START what effect did the establishment of the kingdom of macedonia have on greece? END
START who could claim victory at the second battle of pydna? END
START what war is considered to be the last roman pacification in northern africa? END
START what eventually caused jugurtha to become a captive? END
START when did the jugurthine war end? END
START who attempted to usurp the throne of numidia? END
START who did jugurtha have to bribe in order for them to accept him as the new leader of numidia? END
START when did the cimbrian war end? END
START in what year did rome come into contact with a couple celtic tribes? END
START what war began in the year 113 bc? END
START where did the tribes that were almost annihilated in the battle of vercellae hail from? END
START how were soldiers rewarded by roman generals? END
START who saw increased loyalty from the roman soldiers? END
START who was greater in numbers than the roman slave masters? END
START around how many rebellious uprisings and civil wars happened in the 1st century bc? END
START which individual later became princeps after having challenged the senate? END
START how many slaves at most were under the command of spartacus? END
START when was the beginning of the social war? END
START how many italians became citizens after the loss of the social war? END
START how many slave uprisings were there between the years of 135 bc and 71 bc? END
START ultimately what started the social war? END
START what type of war was caused by the clash of two generals? END
START in what year did marius and sull begin to clash? END
START in what specific section of rome did the battle of the colline gate take place? END
START who was defeated in the battle of the colline gate? END
START what can be considered one of the causes that led to the downfall of the roman republic? END
START who was the leader of pontus in the year 85 bc? END
START with which individual did lucius cornelius have a rivalry? END
START how did the ruler of pontus anger rome? END
START when was the last year of mithridates the great's reign? END
START how many romans lived in mithridate the great's kingdom in 88 bc? END
START who held  a term as praetor in the iberian peninsula? END
START why did julius caesar wish to invade gaul? END
START when did julius caesar's term as consul end? END
START what military leader was julius caesar a contemporary of? END
START what was the reasoning julius caesar used to start the gallic wars? END
START when was the invasion of the parthian empire begun? END
START who started the invasion of the parthian empire? END
START in what battle did marcus licinius crassus die? END
START who was believed to have had a secret allegiance with enemies of julius caesar? END
START what did the senators request of caesar in order for him to stand for consul? END
START during what year did caesar's armies cross the river rubicon? END
START who would be seen as having been defeated in the battle of pharsalus? END
START in which year did the battle of pharsalus take place? END
START in what country did pompey die in? END
START who decided to attack pompey in greece? END
START who was now considered to be the primary figure in the roman state? END
START which group of people conspired against caesar in order to have him assassinated? END
START when did julius caesar die? END
START which former lieutenant of caesar was considered a public threat after caesar was assassinated? END
START why did the roman senators wish to have caesar assassinated? END
START what failure caused the the flares of civil war to spark up again? END
START who defeated cleopatra and mark antony at the battle of actium? END
START in what year was octavian first allowed to use the names augustus and princeps? END
START who has been designated as the first emperor of rome? END
START which individual was granted permanent consular powers? END
START who was considered to be the last king of the roman kingdom? END
START when did the last king of the roman kingdom lose his seat of power? END
START who would elect a king in the roman kingdom prior to the revolution? END
START what was the length of a term that a king would be elected for in the roman kingdom? END
START who were the joint consulars considered to be an equal of politically? END
START in what year was the city in conflict with two nearby tribes? END
START which group of people requested the ability to elect officials? END
START who used the vetoes that they had been given to prevent the appointment of magistrates? END
START what were the assistants to the plebeian tribunes named? END
START during what century were reformed passed that allowed laws passed by the plebeians to have the full force of the law? END
START what year were limits placed upon plebeians that prevented them from holding more than one office concurrently? END
START what could no longer be associated with debt after laws were passed preventing it? END
START what year saw the election of a plebeian to the office of praetor? END
START how did senators attempt to gain the favor of the tribunes? END
START what was considered a pathway to holding a higher office? END
START in what year was the plebiscitum ovinium initiative enacted? END
START who had already held a large amount of magisterial offices? END
START who was allowed to be elected to high office positions? END
START what initiative provided censors with the abillity to appoint new senators? END
START who could a newly elected magistrate expect to be appointed by? END
START what was the economic status of your typical plebeian in 287 bc? END
START who refused to concern themselves with the plebeians debt situation? END
START what law was passed that allowed the plebeian council to consider a bill without the approval of the patrician senators? END
START what did the patrician senators refusal to address the accumulating debt of the plebeians lead to? END
START which group of people were now considered to be politically equal with the plebeians? END
START which group of people rebelled by vacating rome? END
START how many plebeian families had an identical standing as the old aristocratic patrician families? END
START what did the rebelling plebeians want before they returned to rome? END
START why was the senate considered to be supreme during this time? END
START what years did no important political changes happen during? END
START what group of people often failed to use the power that was given to them? END
START who enacted crucial laws during this period of time? END
START what was a political element that satiated the plebeians? END
START what had caused citizens to vacate their farms? END
START how could a candidate assure the vote of a poverty stricken plebeian? END
START what type of culture was a side effect of the rampant poverty of the average plebeian? END
START what caused the bankruptcy of many farmers during this era? END
START who had bought the now bankrupt farms? END
START to what position was tiberius gracchus elected? END
START who had tried to enact a law that places a limit on the amount of property any single individual could possess? END
START when was tiberius gracchus murdered? END
START which tribune was impeached by the plebeian council? END
START what was considered to be the opposite of roman constitutional theory? END
START in what year was gaius elected to office? END
START what is considered to be the end game of gaius gracchus? END
START who brought forward a law that would given citizenship right to italian allies of rome? END
START which elected official lost the election in 121 bc? END
START what was the location of the gaius gracchus murder? END
START who was the illegitimate offspring of the king micipsa of numidia? END
START who was jugurtha's rival? END
START when was gaius marius elected to the position of consul? END
START who did not agree with the election of gaius marius? END
START which individual did the populares part have an allegiance with? END
START in what year was a roman army dispatched to terminate the king of pontus? END
START who was ordered by the senate to become commander in the conflict with king mithridates? END
START who had successfully passed a law whose sole purpose was to lessen the power of the tribunate? END
START what political party did lucius cornelius sulla belong to? END
START what happened after sulla returned to the conflict with mithridates? END
START how many years was normal to span between offices prior to the populares controlling the city? END
START in what year did sulla succesfully take over the populares controlled city? END
START who were slaughtered upon the arrival of sulla in rome? END
START in what year did sulla die? END
START which leader had achieved peace with mithridates? END
START where in the year 77 bc was an uprising? END
START which former lieutenant of sulla had dismantled most of the constitution that sulla had crafted? END
START in what year was the election held that let pompey and crassus obtain the seat of consul? END
START who was the instigator in the slave revolt in italy? END
START when did pompey return to rome after having quelled the uprising in spain? END
START when did the movement that considered the use of peaceful means to solve the plight of lesser classes begin? END
START how many former consuls in rome were executed as a result of a conspiracy? END
START what town was a common site of agitation within the area? END
START who can lay claim to the destruction of lucius sergius catilina's forces? END
START which individual had planned an uprising that ideally would see the death of most of the roman senators? END
START in which year would julius caesar hope to be elected to the position of consul? END
START what was the name of the private agreement between caesar, pompey, and crassus? END
START what was crassus agree to receive in the first triumvirate agreement? END
START when did julius caesar return to rome? END
START what provided the roman senate with exuberance? END
START who had tried to prevent the enactment of the laws that caesar had proposed? END
START what type of case saw cicero testify against clodius? END
START who enacted a law that would increase the partial grain subsidy? END
START which individual lost his home to a fire? END
START who was elected to the tribunate in 58 bc? END
START who was responsible for the attacks on followers of pompey? END
START what political position were pompey and crassus assured they would receive in 55 bc? END
START what caused the death of julius caesar's female offspring? END
START which individual ran for consul in 55 bc? END
START who was responsible for an expedition against the parthian kingdom? END
START in which year did clodius die? END
START who was responsible for the death of clodius? END
START who did the senators decide would aid them in their conflict with caesar? END
START what type of powers were granted to pompey by the senate? END
START ultimately what forced the senate to abandon rome and flee to greece? END
START in rome during this time who was considered to hold both the dictatorship and the position of the tribunate? END
START what power could caesar use against the senate should he choose? END
START in what year was caesar given the power of a censor? END
START what is considered to have counteracted the prestige of the senatorial aristocracy? END
START on what date was caesar killed? END
START who comprised most of the members of the conspiracy to assassinate caesar? END
START what did some members of the conspiracy believe caesar would bring back? END
START who did gaius cassius and marcus brutus lead the conspiracy against? END
START why did many members of the senate flee the city after caesar's death? END
START who was soon allied with caesar's adopted son following his death? END
START in what year did the battle of philippi end? END
START how did mark antony die? END
START what was the alliance that was formed with marcus lepidus named? END
START in what battle did mark antony see defeat? END
START who in rome was responsible for imposing tribute on nations that they had conquered? END
START what could be considered a trait of rome's military campaigns? END
START what was considered a problem in the roman republic during its last century? END
START what would often lead rome to wage war in foreign lands? END
START who introduced the phalanx formation into rome's army? END
START were roman soldiers expected to purchase their own equipment? END
START who were contained in the first rank of the phalanx formation? END
START from what people did it appear the etruscans had model their form of warfare on? END
START where did dionysius hail from? END
START what was a detriment of using the phalanx formation? END
START in what century was the phalanx formation finally discarded by the roman people? END
START what fighting formation would eventually replace the phalanx in battle? END
START where is the likely source of the change to the manipular formation? END
START what type of ground could be found in the central italian peninsula? END
START how many horseman were likely to be found in a single manipular legion? END
START where could you expect the extensive amount of cavalry troops to be sourced from? END
START what often neglected social class was the light infantry comprised of? END
START small shields could be found in what section of the infantry? END
START what type of infantry joined light, and the cavalry in battle? END
START where did rome receive half of their army from? END
START how many calvary did rome's italian allies use? END
START how many soldiers were available to rome at the start of the second punic war? END
START what did rome's italian allies call their battle formation? END
START what allowed rome to source some of their military from other nearby areas? END
START during what century did roman controlled areas see a decline in their populations? END
START what caused the roman state to provide armaments to their army? END
START what were soldiers expected to own prior to the year 217 bc? END
START what was considered an attributing factor to the decline of the roman population? END
START who was now able to join military service in 107 bc? END
START where would legionaries in the roman army likely to be sourced from? END
START who would likely make up the majority of the roman army's light infantry? END
START which consul was responsible for the reforms that allowed all citizens access to join the roman army? END
START what was the process that removed the property requirement for the roman military called? END
START around how many units could be expected to be contained within a cohort? END
START how many troops were placed into each tent group? END
START who would now be used as scouts instead of fighting alongside the army in the battlefield? END
START what designation of troops was considered to make up the majority of a legion? END
START in which sea was a large amount of naval vessels sent in order to remove cilician pirates? END
START around how many ships were sent into service from greek cities? END
START who was ultimately responsible for the naval ships that were sent to the english channel? END
START what was the driving force behind the revitalization of the roman naval forces? END
START what aspect of the roman military saw a decline in size after the subjugation of the mediterranean? END
START what was the general source of the roman senate's authority? END
START who was responsible for overseeing a military action? END
START what was a motion that was enacted by the senate called? END
START what area was the likely focal point of the roman senate? END
START what governing roman body would self-select their own members during times of great distress? END
START what was the main requirement of seeking a trial in the roman courts? END
START who would be expected to oversee a capital case in the roman courts? END
START which designation of people made up the entirety of the members of a comitia? END
START who did the assemblies elected by the optimo jure elect? END
START what type of assembly could specific groupings of optimo jure be found in? END
START what roman assembly elected both magistrates and censors? END
START what profession of people made up the entireity of the comitia centuriata? END
START would the comitia centuriata occasionally be called upon to serve as the highest court of appeal? END
START which elected official had imperium powers? END
START how many tribes were considered to be in the comitia tributa? END
START how were the assembly of tribes segregated into specific tribes? END
START what assembly was responsible for the election of quaestors? END
START when would the assembly of tribes cease voting? END
START who would be responsible for the election of a plebeian tribune? END
START who had the right to grant powers to a magistrate? END
START what is considered to be the most authoritative constitutional power? END
START what did the constitutional power of imperium grant a magistrate? END
START what would be one of the duties that a newly elected magistrate could expect to perform? END
START what power was in possession of every single magistrate in rome? END
START how long concurrently could an elected magistrate serve in office? END
START how many people would serve concurrently in a single magisterial office? END
START what form of due process was a harbinger of our vary own habeas corpus? END
START what would you call a magistrate who had his powers of imperium continued? END
START who would a roman go see in an attempt to reverse the decision of a magistrate? END
START which official had supremacy in both civil and military matters? END
START who was responsible for the adminstration of civil laws? END
START who was responsible for the handling of the roman census? END
START how long could an elected censor remain in office for? END
START what officer primarily had duties over finance matters? END
START how long could a dictator be appointed for in times of certain emergencies? END
START what would happen during the commencement of a dictator's term? END
START what type of offense was the harm of a tribute treated as? END
START what was the ultimate source of the tribunes powers? END
START where did the bulk of the cities populace live? END
START what type of housing could be located in the city center? END
START from what local area in rome is the word palace borrowed from? END
START how many areas in rome could be called hills? END
START what culture did rome have an extreme amount of influence on? END
START what language was commonly used in scholarly mathematical writings prior to the 19th century? END
START from which people were many facets of roman culture copied from? END
START what was considered to be the dominant language in the roman republic? END
START around what percentage of the roman populace were thought to be slaves? END
START where in the roman republic could slaves be acquired? END
START were slave masters allowed to free their slaves in the roman republic? END
START what branch of law did rome lack? END
START who was responsible for seeking justice in the roman courts? END
START what article of clothing could generally be found on a male roman? END
START what garment was worn by male gendered adults to convey their status as a citizen of rome? END
START what was typically worn after the loss of a loved one in the roman republic? END
START which official would wear a garment containing broad red striping? END
START how did a womans garment typically vary from a mans in the roman republic? END
START when were the staple foods in the roman republic typically eaten at? END
START what did people in the roman republic use to consume solid foods? END
START what type of food was cheese considered to be in rome? END
START what form of expression did the roman horace practice? END
START what did romans sit on when they had a meal at home? END
START what beverage was consumed by all the classes in the roman republic? END
START what was considered a compelling way to defame poltical rivals? END
START during what meals was wine commonly drank? END
START what was considered an indication of alcoholism in the roman republic? END
START how did romans develop their male children as roman citizens? END
START who could be expected to obtain guidance in the art of weaving? END
START what roman art involved speeches made to the public? END
START when did academic schooling begin in the roman republic? END
START what caused the romans to conform several educational concepts to their own system? END
START what was the primary language of the romans? END
START what type of language is french considered to be? END
START what type of latin was likely spoken in rome? END
START how would vulgar latin eventually differ from classical latin? END
START which germanic originating language densely acquired aspects from latin? END
START who was responsible for massively affecting roman literature? END
START who was the author of the epic poem aeneid? END
START what style of literature could commonly be found in roman works? END
START which epic poem tells the tale of the founding of the city that one day would become rome? END
START what roman poet attempted to develop science in their poetry? END
START what was considered to be dominant part of normal life? END
START what language does the word music see it's origins in? END
START could events in the roman republic often include music? END
START what do many people consider to be the source of our modern musics familiarity with us? END
START what was a primary cause of the modification of roman architectural elements? END
START what roman construction material has continued to be a mystery to this day? END
START do any roman structures still exist in our time? END
START what facet of the capital city was emulated by other urban centers in the roman republic? END
START what was the name of the area in which youth played and exercised? END
START what could you also call rome's campus maritus? END
START what is the roman board game tabula a precursor to? END
START what was roman version of chess called? END
START when did the roman religion that is generally identified with the republic first established?  END
START who did the romans adapt several of their religious convictions from? END
START where did a large amount of the deities that were worshiped in roman civilization come from? END
START what religious element could be found in all roman households? END
START what in roman society was considered to be a temple to the gods? END
START when do most people believe the pacific war began? END
START on what date did japan attack pearl harbor? END
START when did the second sino-japanese war begin? END
START which countries did the second sino-japanese war encompass? END
START has japan ever attacked thailand? END
START what is the generally accepted date the pacific war started? END
START when did japan invade manchuria? END
START what nation initiated hostilities? END
START what was the pacific war theater part of after december 1941? END
START when did japan invade china? END
START what events ended the war with japan? END
START on what date did japan surrender? END
START where did japan's surrender occur? END
START what changed in the ruling of japan after the war? END
START what was the process called whereby the leader of japan stepped down? END
START what nation were the allies against? END
START what nations comprised the axis? END
START what cities were destroyed by atom bombs? END
START when did the soviet union invade manchuria? END
START by what name was the war with japan referred? END
START what did japanese officials call the war? END
START what was the reason japan gave for the war? END
START what date was the new name of the war released? END
START what name did japan call the war? END
START when did japan adobt the name for the war? END
START what was japan's publicised war goal? END
START what did japan call the occupied group of asian nations? END
START how was the name of the war chosen by japan? END
START what role did thailand play in the war? END
START which group controlled chinese costal regions? END
START which army invaded burma? END
START burma was formerly annexed by what country? END
START what states assisting japan was thailand a part of? END
START what year did thailand form an alliance with japan? END
START what army invaded northeastern burma? END
START what were the japanese puppet states? END
START who controlled the coast of china? END
START did the u.s. believe that thailand was an axis ally? END
START what does the u.s. believe caused thailand to help japan? END
START is thailand treated differently than other axis countries? END
START according to the usa, what country did japan blackmail? END
START what nations were occupied by the axis? END
START after 1945, how did the usa treat thailand? END
START who occupied thailand according to the usa? END
START where did many of japan's soldiers come from? END
START what type of soldiers came from hong kong?  END
START what other asian country, a group of islands, helped the japanese? END
START what colonies did japan conscript soldiers from? END
START what french forces assisted japan? END
START who were the collaborators assisting japan in hong king? END
START did mexico play a part in the war? END
START on which side of the war were the chinese? END
START what other major continent participated as an ally of the u.s.? END
START what colonies did the netherlands possess? END
START what large asian country was allied with the united states? END
START what was the name of the philippines nation? END
START what nation possessed the dutch east indies? END
START what nation possessed west new guinea? END
START what incident occured on july 7, 1937? END
START who supplied assistance to the chinese military? END
START when did the nanking massacre occur? END
START where was the first nationalist victory? END
START how did people around the world react to japan's panay incident? END
START when was the marco polo bridge incident? END
START what incident started the war between china and japan? END
START what nation provided material support to china? END
START what was the capital of china? END
START when was nanking captured? END
START who controled indochina in 1940? END
START when did japan invade indochina? END
START who were the axis powers along with japan in 1940? END
START did japan and germany work closely together prior to 1944? END
START when did japan take over indochina? END
START who controlled indochina before the japanese takeover? END
START when did japan become an axis power? END
START how many nations comprised the axis powers? END
START how much coordination was there between japan and germany? END
START why did the chinese ultimately fail in its counter offensives? END
START what policy did japan adopt to retaliate against china? END
START what slowed the japanese in their attacks on china? END
START in what city did japan set up a provisional capital? END
START what was japan's "three alls policy"? END
START what year did china and japan reach a stalemate? END
START where was the chinese provisional capital? END
START what natural obsticles stalled the japanese offensive against the chinese? END
START what group organised guerrilla warfare against the japanese in china? END
START who was the leader of the nationalist government? END
START when did cooperation between communist and nationalist forces end? END
START did japan support rival governments? END
START when did the co-operation between chinese nationalist forces and communists end? END
START what was wang jingwei's government considered? END
START what government did chiang kai-shek lead? END
START which japanese admiral felt it was necessary to go to war with the u.s.? END
START why was the dutch east indies important to japan? END
START in what year did the greater east asia co-prosperity sphere expand? END
START what was the importance of the dutch east indies to japan? END
START who said a showdown between japan and the united states would be necessary? END
START by what year did japanese strategists expand their concept of the greater east asia co-prosperity sphere? END
START what did the west do to disuade japan in china and french indochina? END
START why was denying supplies important to the western countries? END
START what were these embargoes called by the japanese media? END
START why did western powers stop selling resources to japan? END
START how did japan view western embargos? END
START what percent of oil made up japan's domestic consumption? END
START what did the japanese media refer to the embargoes as? END
START what would japan accomplish by peace after their early victories? END
START what was japan's strategic goal in attacking america? END
START did the japanese believe they could defeate the u.s.? END
START what did the japanese military leadership think the chances were of complete military victory ove the united states? END
START what did japan want recognised in planned peace negotiations after their initial victories? END
START if acceptable negotiations btween japan and the united states were reached, what would be done regarding the attacks? END
START what was the conduct of the war against the united states based on? END
START how many u.s. battleships were incapacitated in the pearl harbor attacks? END
START how many americans died in the pearl harbor attacks? END
START was america at war when japan attacked pearl harbor? END
START why did japan attack america? END
START what were the most vital american ships at the time of the attack? END
START when did japan launch the aattack on pearl harbor? END
START how many american battleships were put out of action in the attack on pearl harbor by japan? END
START how many us citizens were killed in the attack on pearl harbor by japan? END
START how many aircraft did the united states lose in the attack on pearl harbor by japan? END
START where were the american aircraft carriers during the attack on pearl harbor by japan? END
START what program allowed america to sell military supplies to britain and the soviet union? END
START on what day did the u.s. and its allies declar war on japan? END
START how long after the pearl harbor attacks did germany and italy declare war? END
START was germany's declaration of war with the u.s. considered to be sound strategy? END
START how many members did the america first committee have? END
START what group was opposed to american involvement in the war in europe? END
START when did the united states declare war on japan? END
START how many days after the attack on pearl harbor did germany wait to declare war on the united states? END
START who predicted germany's declaration of war against the united states months before? END
START what date was the first official use of the term united nations? END
START who was appointed to command the allied forces in southeast asia in 1942? END
START when did general wavell assume control of the southheast asia allied forces? END
START how spread out were the allied forces in southeastern asia? END
START where did general wavell command the allied forces from? END
START what islands did japan invade? END
START when did allied forces surrender singapore to the japanese? END
START how many allied prisoners did japan take after the battle of singapore? END
START when did general wavell resign as commander of the allied forces of southeastern asia? END
START after wavell resigned from abdacom, what post did he return to? END
START when did the chinese attack burma? END
START how many british soldiers were rescued by the chinese 38th division on april 16?? END
START who led the rescue of british forces during the battle of yenangyaung? END
START how many of chiang kai-shek's troops were controlled by warlords? END
START what was chiang kai-shek's strongest army? END
START how many australian divisions steamed from the mid-east for singapore? END
START where did churchill want the australian divisions bound for singapore to be diverted to? END
START what japanese group opposed an invasion of australia? END
START what was the capital of papua? END
START what country did japan isolate australia from with a blockade? END
START who ordered general macarthur to make a defense plan with australia? END
START when was general macarthur ordered to make a defense plan with australia? END
START who was the supreme commander of the south west allied forces? END
START where was macarthur's headquarters moved to in march of 1942? END
START how many japanese submarines shelled sydney on june 8, 1942? END
START when was the pacific war council formed in washingto d.c.? END
START what american president was a member of the pacific war council? END
START who was president roosevelt's key advisor? END
START where was the u.s.-uk combined chiefs of staff located? END
START where was the australian and dutch guerilla campaign led? END
START what american carrier joined the uss yorktown to stop the japanese attack on port moresby in 1942? END
START what admiral was the uss lexington under? END
START when was the battle of the coral sea fought? END
START what american carrier was sunk in the battle of the coral sea? END
START what japanese carrier was lost in the battle of the coral sea? END
START in yamamoto's plan, what northern islands were to be attacked? END
START what was the second stage objective of yamaoto's plan? END
START how many planes did nagumo have for the midway invasion? END
START how many planes did the united states have in the battle of midway? END
START how many u.s. planes were land-based? END
START when did the japanese fleet arrive off midway? END
START how many tbd devastator torpedo bombers were lauched from the hornet? END
START how many carriers did nagumo have at the battle of midway? END
START how many times did nagumo change orders for arming his aircraft? END
START what were on the decks of the japanese aircraft carriers when the american dive bobers attacked? END
START at what altitude did the american dive bombers commence their attck on the japanese carriers? END
START which japanese carrier survived the first wave of american dive bombers in the battle of midway. END
START who won the battle of midway? END
START how many fleet carriers were lost by the japanese in the battle of midway? END
START what mountains did the australian battalions fight a rearguard action over on the kokoda track? END
START what forces releived the worn australian reserve battalions?  END
START in 1942, what australian air force base was attacked by japanese marines? END
START where was milne bay located in new guinea? END
START what theater did the second australian imperial force come from before they relieved the reserve battalions in new guinea? END
START where were most of the japanese aircraft in the south pacific redeployed to defend? END
START where did japanese ground attack repeatedly?forces  END
START what did the allies call the japanese convoys supplying the ground forces attacking henderson field? END
START what was the reason for the name "ironbottom sound" of the water stretches new guadalcanal? END
START when did the japanese give up trying to recapture henderson field? END
START where were the 40th, 3rd, and 6th divisions massed at in china? END
START what is the first river that the 40th, 3rd, and 6th japanese divisions crossed while advancing southward? END
START what is the river that the 40th, 3rd, and 6th japanese divisions tried crossing to reach changsha? END
START how many chinese civilians were estimated to have died during the japanese zhejiang-jiangxi campaign? END
START who commanded the imperial japanese 11th army on november, 1943? END
START what allied command replaced the british india command in august, 1943? END
START who was appointed supreme commander of the seac in october, 1943? END
START who was deputy commander to mountbatten? END
START what was the name of the new link between india and china by land? END
START the british and indian fourteenth army was formed to take on what force? END
START what did the united states turn it's industry to in the two years folloing the battle of midway? END
START how were the bypassed japanese strongholds neutralized? END
START what blockade against japan  was to be improved on? END
START what type of vessels were part of a major role in defeating japan? END
START what percent did submarines make up in the us navy fighting japan? END
START what did submarines sinking japanese ships do? END
START what happened to the japanese fleet when nearly all oil imports were cut off? END
START what percentage of japanese merchantmen were sunk by u.s. submarines? END
START what percentage of japanese warships were sunk by u.s. submarines? END
START what future u.s. president was rescued by a submarine? END
START what was one of the important roles submarine played in the war? END
START what doctrine did roosevelt give for submarines against japan? END
START who was the dutch admiral in charge of the east indies? END
START what was the nickname given to the dutch admiral in charge of the east indies? END
START what was the first japanese warship to be sunk by submarine? END
START when was the first japanese warship sunk by a submarine? END
START what doctrine stated that only fleet battles could win naval campaigns? END
START what was commerce raiding refered to as? END
START what was the primary use of japanese submarines? END
START when was the japanese submarine offensive against australia? END
START what did the japanese submarine offensive against austrailia achieve? END
START what did the us navy rely on? END
START what led to guerrilla submarine missions in early 1942? END
START what did admiral nimitze rely on submarines for? END
START when were the defective torpedo problems of the us navy corrected? END
START what was the "maru code"? END
START when did the us navy begin to use it's submarines to maximum effect? END
START how many japanese ships were sunk in 1942 by united states submarines? END
START how many japanese merchant ships did allied submarines sink during the war? END
START how many japanese carriers were sunk during the war? END
START how many japanese ships were sunk in 1944 by united states submarines? END
START what was the code name for the mid-1944 offensive across china? END
START what was the largest japanese offensive in world war ii? END
START where did the chinese stop the operation ichi-go incursion? END
START who was able to take advantage of the social confusion created by operation ichi-go? END
START how many casualties did the japanese suffer during operation ichi-go? END
START what command prepared offensives into burma after the allied setbacks in 1943? END
START who led chinese and american troops for ncac? END
START what road did the ncac extend into northern burma? END
START who advanced aling the arakan province coast? END
START who did aircraft drop supplies to isolated units until they could be relieved? END
START what month did the japanese launch an offensive into india? END
START who commanded the japanese fifteenth army in operation u-go? END
START where had the japanese advanced to? END
START what did the japanese cut? END
START what had the japanese failed to capture? END
START what happened to mutaguchi's troops? END
START when was the japanese siege of imphal broken? END
START how many troops had the japanese lost? END
START what was the main cause of death of the japanese troops? END
START what battle was the advance in the arakan halted to release troops for? END
START who aided the americans and chinese during the advance in northern burma? END
START when did the chinese invade northern burma? END
START what fortified position was captured by the chinese expeditionary force? END
START what airfield was taken by the ncac in august, 1944? END
START what was it imperative for the japanese to hold? END
START how many fleet carriers did the u.s. fifth fleet have? END
START how many fleet planes did the u.s. fifth fleet have? END
START what was the search radius of u.s. navy hellcat fighters? END
START how many carriers did ozawa have? END
START how many of ozawa's submarines were sunk by american destroyers? END
START how many american warships were damaged during the great marianas turkey shoot? END
START in what sequence did japanese planes arrive at their targets? END
START where did the radio interception orders to u.s> hellcat fighters come from? END
START who gave the directive for all carriers in the us navy to have combat information centers? END
START on what day did u.s> planes located ozawa's fleet? END
START how many miles away was ozawa's fleet located? END
START how many planes did the u.s. lose? END
START how many planes did japan lose? END
START how many u.s. aircrews were lost? END
START what is argued to be the largest naval battle in history? END
START what was the largest naval battle in world war ii? END
START when did the battle of leyte gulf occur? END
START when did nimitz launch a carrier raid against formosa? END
START what did nimitz favor blockading? END
START what was the namee of the plan where ozawa's force would lure the u.s. 3rd fleet away from leyte? END
START who would enter leyte gulf to attack the allied landing forces? END
START how many japanese forces were likely to be destroyed? END
START how many battleships were in kurita's "center force"? END
START how many cruisers were in kurita's "center force"? END
START how many destroyers were in kurita's "center force"? END
START when did kurita's force enter the sibuyan sea? END
START how many battleships were in nishimura's force? END
START which japanese admiral was a  rival of nishimura? END
START how many miles was shima's fleet behind nishimura? END
START who set the trap for the japanese forces as they sailed by panaon island? END
START how many battleships did the u.s.-australian 7th fleet have? END
START how many aircraft carriers were in ozawa's "northern force"? END
START when did the allies spot ozawa's "northern force"? END
START how many planes were in the u.s. 3rd fleet? END
START how many destroyers were in the u.s. third fleet? END
START how many cruisers were in the u.s. third fleet? END
START when did kurita pass through the san bernardino strait? END
START where did kurit head after passing through the san bernardino strait? END
START admiral kincaid commanded what three groups of the seventh fleet? END
START what broke the japanes formations under kurita? END
START how many of kurita's heavy cruisers were sunk? END
START what were the leyte beachheads of the u.s. sixth army secured from? END
START when did operation ten-go occur? END
START how many battleships did kurita begin operation ten-go with? END
START what was the last battleship in history to engage in combat with another battleship? END
START which battleship was still capable of combat when kurita returned to japan? END
START when did the u.s. sixth army land on the eastern shore of leyte? END
START where did the japanese rush reinforcments to on the western side of leyte? END
START what force devastated resupply attempts by the japanese? END
START what was the neighboring island to the north of leyte. END
START fighting continued on leyte for how long? END
START landings were made on the beaches of what island on december 15, 1944? END
START lingayen gulf operations supported what landings? END
START who led the sixth army? END
START clark field was how many miles northwest of manila? END
START what island was between borneo and mindoro? END
START what island was invaded by the eighth army on february 28? END
START where did the eighth army land? END
START who aided u.s. forces in finding japanese holdouts in the philippines? END
START what is the western-most philippine island? END
START what was "operation detachment"? END
START when did "operation detachment" occur? END
START how many square miles is the island of iwo jima? END
START iwo jima is halfway between the mariana islands and what city? END
START how many airfields were on iwo jima? END
START how many miles of hidden tunnel were on the island? END
START who transformed the island into a fortress? END
START what were the pillboxes and bunkers connected by? END
START who did the network of fortifications on the island favor? END
START when did iwo jima come under bombardment? END
START how many men landed on iwo jima on february 19, 1945? END
START what was the name of the mountain on iwo jima? END
START how many u.s. marines were killed by the time thhey reached the west coast of the island? END
START what marine regiment reached the summit of mount suribachi? END
START when was the summit of mount suribachi reached by u.s. marines? END
START who said "there will be a marine corps for the next 500 years"? END
START when was the island of iwo jima secured by the americans? END
START how many japanese prisoners were taken on iwo jima? END
START what was the capital of burma? END
START what was the principle port of burma? END
START when was operation dracula launched? END
START what force was delayed by japanese rearguards north of rangoon? END
START what month was a delay caused by japanese rearguards north of rangoon? END
START how many british and australian prisoners survived out of about 2500 around sandakan? END
START sandakan was located in what providence? END
START in 1945, how many years had japan already been at war with china? END
START what battle did the japanese army begin to prepare for in march 1945? END
START how many japanese soldiers were mobilized to capture the chinese airfields and railroads in west hunan? END
START who was the chinese commander-in-chief of the 10th and 27th army groups? END
START when did chinese forces retake guangxi? END
START how many b-29 bombers were airbases need for in okinawa? END
START how many squadrons of b=17 bombers were airbases need for in okinawa? END
START how many japanese troops were on okinawa? END
START when did the united states land forces on okinawa? END
START how many u.s. ships were lost at okinawa? END
START what percent of japanese troops died on okinawa? END
START using a total blockade and air raids, what did the us navy hope to force? END
START how many japanese troops defended okinawa? END
START how did the japanese attempt to cause high allied casualties? END
START who was over the new u.s. strategic air forces in the pacific command? END
START how many people were killed in the incendry attack on tokyo on march 9-10, 1945? END
START who oversaw operation starvation? END
START when was the potsdam declaration issued? END
START what ultimatum stated that japan would face "prompt and utter destruction" if it did not surrender? END
START america dropped what on august 6, 1945? END
START what was the forst japenese city nuked by the united states? END
START when did american drop a nuclear bomb on nagasaki? END
START what was the name of the blockade and bombing of japan planed to make them surrender? END
START who wrote that a soviet invasion of japan was unlikely? END
START when did the soviet union invade manchukuo? END
START what was the last campaign of world war ii? END
START what was the largest campaign of the soviets against japan? END
START who gained manchukuo, mengjiang, and northern korea after the manchurian strategic offensive campaign? END
START when did hostilities between japan and the soviet union resum after six years of peace? END
START how did the japanese refer to the atomic bombings and the soviet invasion? END
START when did japan surrender? END
START what was the one condition japan wanted before accepting the potsdam terms? END
START what was the reply to japan about the surrender condition? END
START what was it called when the japanese cabinet accepted the potsdam terms? END
START what date does japan consider the end of the pacific war? END
START what day is know in the united states as "v-j day"? END
START when did japan formally have signed the surrender? END
START on what battleship was the surrender document signed by the japanese delagation? END
START who accepted the japanese surrender? END
START how many women are believed to have been sexual slaves for the japenese army? END
START in 1948, how many dutch women brought a case to the batavia military tribunal? END
START in 2001 which japanese prime <minister apologized for the brothels. END
START in 2007 which japenese prime minister said there was no proof of coercion of women to be sexual slaves? END
START where were the sexual slave women mostly from? END
START about how many australians were taken prisoner after the fall of singapore and british malaya? END
START in what year did japan establish a base in new guinea? END
START what date was the australian mainland first attacked? END
START what mainland australian city was attacked by the japanese on february 19? END
START for how many months was australia attacked from the air by japan? END
START which city in mexico does san diego border? END
START of all military branches, which one has the strongest presence in san diego? END
START aside from healthcare, which employment sector has strongly emerged in san diego? END
START of the top 10 largest cities in the country, which place does san diego rank? END
START what is unique about san diego's harbors? END
START which city in mexico doesn't san diego border? END
START of all military branches, which one has the weakest presence in san diego? END
START aside from healthcare, which employment sector has weakly emerged in san diego? END
START of the top 5 largest cities in the country, which place does san diego rank? END
START what isn't unique about san diego's harbors? END
START who claimed the san diego bay area for spain in 1542? END
START in what year did san diego become part of the united states? END
START what native people lived in the san diego area before the europeans arrived? END
START after the land was claimed for spain, how many years passed before the settlement of alta began? END
START who claimed the san diego bay area for spain in 1524? END
START in what year didn't san diego become part of the united states? END
START what native people never lived in the san diego area before the europeans arrived? END
START what native people lived in the san diego area before the mexicans arrived? END
START after the land was claimed for spain, how many years passed before the settlement of atlanta began? END
START who was sent to survey the california coast in 1602? END
START what was the name of juan rodriguez cabrillo's ship? END
START who was the harbor named for? END
START who conducted the first christian service to be recorded in alta? END
START where did cabrillo leave from to embark on his journey to the west coast? END
START who was sent to survey the california coast in 1620? END
START what was the name of juan rodriguez cabrillo's car? END
START who wasn't the harbor named for? END
START who conducted the last christian service to be recorded in alta? END
START where did cabrillo leave from to embark on his journey to the east coast? END
START who did junipero serra commission to found the mission san diego de alcala in 1769? END
START what historic trail starting point developed at mission san diego? END
START what was developed on a hill by the san diego river? END
START how many neophytes resided in the san diego area in 1797? END
START what are the presidio and mission considered today? END
START who did junipero serra commission to found the mission san diego de alcala in 1796? END
START what historic trail ending point developed at mission san diego? END
START what was developed on a hill by the san francisco river? END
START how many neophytes resided in the san diego area in 1799? END
START what are the presidio and mission considered in history? END
START who was elected as the mission's first municipal magistrate? END
START what was the name of the mexican territory san diego became part of in 1821? END
START why did san diego lose its pueblo status in 1838? END
START what happened as the population shifted to more level ground below presidio hill? END
START who was in the running for the first alcalde position, but was defeated in the election? END
START who was elected as the mission's last municipal magistrate? END
START what was the name of the mexican territory san diego became part of in 1812? END
START why did san diego lose its pueblo status in 1883? END
START what happened as the population shifted to more level ground above presidio hill? END
START who was in the running for the last alcalde position, but was defeated in the election? END
START who commissioned captain archibald gillespie to lead 50 men on horseback to the north? END
START what battle took place in the san pasqual valley? END
START who led the group from san diego that rescued kearny's men? END
START what extreme measure did the californios take to try to draw the americans out of the pueblo? END
START how many weeks did mexican partisans hold san diego before it was recaptured by americans? END
START who commissioned captain archibald gillespie to lead 500 men on horseback to the north? END
START what battle took place in the san francisco valley? END
START who led the group from san francisco that rescued kearny's men? END
START what extreme measure did the californios take to try to draw the natives out of the pueblo? END
START how many weeks did mexican partisans hold san francisco before it was recaptured by americans? END
START what treaty was used by stockton and kearny on january 1, 1847? END
START what was established after negotiations over san diego between the mexcians and americans? END
START which war played a role in ceding san diego to the united states? END
START what was the name of the treaty developed between mexico and the united states in 1848? END
START why was the border between mexico and the united states established one league south of san diego bay's most southern tip? END
START what treaty was used by stockton and kearny on january 1, 1874? END
START what was established after negotiations over san francisco between the mexcians and americans? END
START which war played a role in ceding san francisco to the united states? END
START what was the name of the treaty developed between mexico and the united states in 1884? END
START why was the border between mexico and the united states established one league south of san diego bay's most northern tip? END
START in what year did san diego officially become a city? END
START who was san diego's first mayor? END
START what happened two years after san diego elected it's first mayor? END
START who controlled san diego's charter for 2 years after it was revoked by california legislature? END
START when was san diego's current charter adopted? END
START in what year did san francisco officially become a city? END
START who was san diego's last mayor? END
START what happened two years after san diego elected it's last mayor? END
START who controlled san diego's charter for 4 years after it was revoked by california legislature? END
START when was san francisco's current charter adopted? END
START what was the main flaw of san diego's original location? END
START who developed new san diego that was south of the first location? END
START who was largely responsible for the population growth of downtown san diego? END
START what happened in 1878 that played a role in san diego's economic growth? END
START what was san diego's downtown area originally called? END
START what was the main flaw of san francisco's original location? END
START who developed new san diego that was north of the first location? END
START who was largely responsible for the population growth of downtown san francisco? END
START what happened in 1887 that played a role in san diego's economic growth? END
START what was san francisco's downtown area originally called? END
START what park in san diego hosted two world fairs near the beginning of the 20th century? END
START where did many of the san diego zoo's exotic animals come from? END
START what festival was celebrated in the 1950s in recognition of the city's mexican and spanish past? END
START what happened to many of the structures developed for the world fairs? END
START which world fair was hosted in san diego in 1935? END
START what park in san diego hosted two world fairs near the beginning of the 19th century? END
START where did many of the san francisco zoo's exotic animals come from? END
START what festival was celebrated in the 1960s in recognition of the city's mexican and spanish past? END
START what happened to many of the structures developed for the state fairs? END
START which world fair was hosted in san diego in 1953? END
START what names was given to coastal artillery batteries erected shortly after 1852? END
START what was the name of charles a. lindbergh's plane that was built in san diego by ryan airlines? END
START what was the original name of today's marine corps air station miramar? END
START what branch of the military began to have a strong presence in san diego in 1901? END
START what airplane developer was founded in san diego in 1923? END
START what names was given to coastal artillery batteries erected shortly after 1825? END
START what was the name of charles a. lindbergh's plane that was built in san francisco by ryan airlines? END
START what was the final name of today's marine corps air station miramar? END
START what branch of the military began to have a strong presence in san diego in 1910? END
START what airplane developer was founded in san diego in 1932? END
START when did san diego's population grow so rapidly that it nearly doubled? END
START what was the name of the attack the japanese had planned against san diego? END
START what were the japanese originally going to drop on san diego from their kamikaze planes? END
START why didn't the japanese launch their planned attack on september 22, 1945? END
START how many civilians were the japanese hoping to kill during their planned attack on san diego? END
START when did san diego's population grow so rapidly that it nearly tripled? END
START what was the name of the attack the japanese had planned against san francisco? END
START what were the japanese originally going to drop on san francisco from their kamikaze planes? END
START why didn't the japanese launch their planned attack on september 20, 1945? END
START how many civilians were the japanese hoping to kill during their planned attack on san francisco? END
START what nickname was san diego given by the tuna canning industry in the 1970s? END
START how many jobs were created by the mid-1930s thanks to san diego's tuna cannery that was developed in 1911? END
START why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1980s? END
START immigrants from what country were primarily hired by the fishing fleets that supported the canneries?? END
START from what region in portugal did immigrants come from to work in san diego's fishing industry? END
START what nickname was san diego given by the tuna canning industry in the 1960s? END
START how many jobs were created by the mid-1930s thanks to san diego's tuna cannery that was developed in 1921? END
START why were the canneries ultimately closed by the early 1970s? END
START immigrants from what country were primarily fired by the fishing fleets that supported the canneries?? END
START from what region in portugal did immigrants come from to work in san francisco's fishing industry? END
START in what direction does the san diego river run through the city? END
START what bodies of water can be found separating different developed areas of the city? END
START what is created by the many canyons and hills throughout san diego? END
START what divides the city's northern and southern segments? END
START where did the san diego river once flow to? END
START in what direction does the san francisco river run through the city? END
START what bodies of water can't be found separating different developed areas of the city? END
START what is created by the many canyons and hills throughout san francisco? END
START what divides the city's eastern and western segments? END
START where did the san francisco river once flow to? END
START what community covers the area from downtown san diego to the peninsula? END
START where is otay mesa found within the city? END
START what is the only coastal community in san diego without the word "beach" in its name? END
START which valley is encompassed by the most northeast portion of san diego? END
START what community covers the area from downtown san francisco to the peninsula? END
START where is otay mesa found outside the city? END
START what is the only coastal community in san francisco without the word "beach" in its name? END
START what is the only coastal community in san diego with the word "beach" in its name? END
START which valley is encompassed by the most southeast portion of san diego? END
START what was the first skyscraper built in san diego that was over 300-feet tall? END
START how tall is one america plaza? END
START what played a role in determining the maximum height skyscrapers can be in san diego? END
START what organization regulates building heights in san diego? END
START what bank spent time as being the tallest building in san diego? END
START what was the first skyscraper built in san diego that was over 200-feet tall? END
START how tall is two america plaza? END
START what played a role in determining the maximum height skyscrapers can be in san francisco? END
START what organization regulates building heights in san francisco? END
START what bank spent time as being the shortest building in san diego? END
START when does san diego receive most of its precipitation? END
START how many days of the year does san diego typically experience temperatures above 70 degrees fahrenheit ? END
START what ranked san diego as having the country's best summer climate? END
START what type of climate is san diego classified as having? END
START what type of weather can one expect to experience in san diego in the winter? END
START when does san francisco receive most of its precipitation? END
START how many days of the year does san diego typically experience temperatures above 60 degrees fahrenheit ? END
START what ranked san diego as having the country's worst summer climate? END
START what type of climate is san francisco classified as having? END
START what type of weather can one expect to experience in san francisco in the winter? END
START what areas experience the most significant temperature variations? END
START what is the average high temperature in el cajon in august? END
START what frequently blankets san diego in may and june? END
START what is the average january low temperature in downtown san diego? END
START what effect does the springtime cloud cover have on the temperature? END
START what areas experience the most insignificant temperature variations? END
START what is the average high temperature in el cajon in july? END
START what frequently blankets san francisco in may and june? END
START what is the average january high temperature in downtown san diego? END
START what effect does the summertime cloud cover have on the temperature? END
START what is the average rainfall in february along the coast? END
START what is significant about the weather that san diego experienced in december 1921? END
START what is the average annual precipitation along san diego's coast? END
START what months are nearly completely dry in san diego? END
START what areas of san diego typically experienced the greatest rainfall? END
START what is the average rainfall in january along the coast? END
START what is significant about the weather that san diego experienced in december 1912? END
START what is the average annual precipitation along san francisco's coast? END
START what months are nearly completely dry in san francisco? END
START what areas of san francisco typically experienced the greatest rainfall? END
START what trees are protected along the coast of san diego? END
START what drought-resistant shrub is san diego known for? END
START where can one find the most sage scrub in san diego? END
START what disadvantage comes along with sage scrub habitats? END
START how is san diego able to offer everything from tidal marsh to canyons? END
START what trees are protected along the coast of san francisco? END
START what drought-resistant shrub is san francisco known for? END
START where can one find the most sage scrub in san francisco? END
START what advantage comes along with sage scrub habitats? END
START how is san francisco able to offer everything from tidal marsh to canyons? END
START how many bird species have been observed in san diego? END
START what birding event does the audubon society host every year? END
START what is special about the animal and plant species found in san diego? END
START what flyway contributes to the diverse bird population in san diego county? END
START what word describes san diego county due to the many birds residing there? END
START how many bird species have been observed in san francisco? END
START what birding event does the audubon society host some years? END
START what is special about the animal and plant species found in san francisco? END
START what flyway contributes to the diverse bird population in san francisco county? END
START what word describes san diego county due to the few birds residing there? END
START when did california's largest wildfire of the century take place? END
START how many acres were burned in the historic cedar fire of 2003? END
START why did san diego schools close during the cedar fire? END
START how many years after the cedar fire did additional fires destroy rancho santa fe? END
START how many homes were destroyed in the cedar fire? END
START when did california's smallest wildfire of the century take place? END
START how many acres were burned in the historic cedar fire of 2002? END
START why did san francisco schools close during the cedar fire? END
START how many years after the cedar fire did additional fires destroy rancho francisco fe? END
START how many homes were saved in the cedar fire? END
START in the top five largest urban areas in california, where does san diego rank? END
START what area does los angeles and san francisco merge with to form metropolitan areas larger than san diego? END
START what was the population of san diego at the time of the 2010 census? END
START how many square miles does san diego cover? END
START what is the population of san diego's urgan area? END
START in the top ten smallest urban areas in california, where does san diego rank? END
START what area does los angeles and san francisco merge with to form metropolitan areas smaller than san diego? END
START what was the population of san diego at the time of the 2000 census? END
START how many square miles does san francisco cover? END
START what is the population of san francisco's urban area? END
START what was the population density of san diego in 2009? END
START what ethnicity made up 15.9.% of san diego's population in 2009? END
START in 2009, what percentage of the population was hispanic? END
START what was san diego's population at the time of the 2010 census? END
START what was the population increase in san diego from 2009 to 2010? END
START what was the population density of san diego in 2008? END
START what ethnicity made up 19.5.% of san diego's population in 2009? END
START in 2008, what percentage of the population was hispanic? END
START what was san diego's population at the time of the 2012 census? END
START what was the population increase in san diego from 2009 to 2011? END
START in what year was the household median income in san diego at $45,733? END
START what was the median age of non-hispanic whites in 2008? END
START in 2008, which racial group had the most individuals under the age of 18? END
START of the population of individuals 55 and older, what percentage were non-hispanic whites in 2008? END
START what did the average salary increase to at the time of the 2008 census? END
START in what year was the household median income in san francisco at $45,733? END
START what was the median age of non-hispanic whites in 2009? END
START in 2008, which racial group had the most individuals under the age of 16? END
START of the population of individuals 65 and older, what percentage were non-hispanic whites in 2008? END
START what did the average salary decrease to at the time of the 2008 census? END
START what regional planning agency offers graphs and tables of census information for san diego? END
START what percentage of san diego's population was under the age of 18 in 2000? END
START which age group accounted for 10.5% of the population in 2000? END
START in what year was the median age of residents in san diego 35.6? END
START what percentage of the population in 2011 were millenials? END
START what regional planning agency offers graphs and tables of census information for san francisco? END
START what percentage of san diego's population was under the age of 18 in 2002? END
START which age group accounted for 10.5% of the population in 2002? END
START in what year was the median age of residents in san diego 36.5? END
START what percentage of the population in 2010 were millenials? END
START what percentage of the population fell below the poverty line in san diego in 2005? END
START what did money magazine rate san diego as being in 2006? END
START what magazine rated san diego as being the country's fifth wealthiest city? END
START in 2000,  what was the median salary for females in san diego? END
START what percentage of familes were below the poverty line in 2005? END
START what percentage of the population fell below the poverty line in san diego in 2006? END
START what did money magazine rate san diego as being in 2005? END
START what magazine rated san diego as being the country's fourth wealthiest city? END
START in 2010, what was the median salary for females in san diego? END
START what percentage of familes were below the poverty line in 2015? END
START what type of tours attract a large number of visitors to san diego? END
START what big event takes place in san diego in november? END
START what historical mission is a major tourist attraction in san diego? END
START what popular park in san diego is home to the san diego zoo, seaworld, and countless museums? END
START what nickname has the city  been given as a result of its extensive craft beer industry? END
START what type of tours attract a large number of visitors to san francisco? END
START what big event takes place in san diego in december? END
START what historical mission is a minor tourist attraction in san diego? END
START what popular park in san francisco is home to the san diego zoo, seaworld, and countless museums? END
START what nickname has the city been given as a result of its extensive craft wine industry? END
START where is san diego's border crossing? END
START how long is the border that san diego shares with mexico? END
START where is the next nearest commercial crossing at the border? END
START what is the volumte of trucks handled at the otay mesa crossing? END
START how many border crossings does san diego share with mexico? END
START where is san francisco's border crossing? END
START how long is the border that san francisco shares with mexico? END
START where is the farthest commercial crossing at the border? END
START what is the volumte of bikes handled at the otay mesa crossing? END
START how many border crossings does san francisco share with mexico? END
START why is san diego known as an ihub innovation center? END
START what cellular  company is one of the city's largest private-sector employers? END
START what cellular company is headquartered in san diego that uses the at&t network? END
START what is san diego's largest software company? END
START what sector does eset fall under? END
START why is san francisco known as an ihub innovation center? END
START what cellular company is one of the city's smallest private-sector employers? END
START what cellular company is headquartered in san francisco that uses the at&t network? END
START what is san diego's smallest software company? END
START what sector does seet fall under? END
START what institution has contributed to the growth of fuel biotechnology? END
START what city does san diego come in second to in the biotech industry? END
START how many contract research organizations are in san diego? END
START what two areas have the numerous research facilities and offices for biotech companies? END
START what two major biotech companies are headquartered in san diego? END
START what institution has contributed to the decline of fuel biotechnology? END
START what city does san diego come in third to in the biotech industry? END
START how many contract research organizations are in san francisco? END
START what two areas have the few research facilities and offices for biotech companies? END
START what two major biotech companies are headquartered in san francisco? END
START what museum has a branch at the santa fe depot? END
START in what district can historic ship exhibits be found? END
START where can one find the san diego zoo? END
START which museum houses the uss midway aircraft carrier? END
START what space-focused museum is in balboa park? END
START what museum has no branch at the santa fe depot? END
START in what district can't historic ship exhibits be found? END
START where can one find the san francisco zoo? END
START which museum houses the usa midway aircraft carrier? END
START what space-focused museum is in rocky balboa park? END
START who is the director of the san diego symphony?  END
START where can one enjoy a performance directed by christopher ashley? END
START which theater is known for hosting a variety of musicals and plays? END
START how far back to san diego's roots in the arts and theater sector go? END
START what did opera america call the san diego opera at the civic center plaza? END
START who is the director of the san francisco symphony?  END
START where can one enjoy a performance acted by christopher ashley? END
START which theater is unknown for hosting a variety of musicals and plays? END
START how far back to san francisco's roots in the arts and theater sector go? END
START what did opera america call the san francisco opera at the civic center plaza? END
START what tournament used to be known as the buick invitational? END
START how many times were the america's cup yacht races hosted by the san diego yacht club from 1988 to 1955? END
START what beach sport was inveted in san diego? END
START what yacht-related event is held annually in mission bay? END
START what golf course hosts the farmers insurance open? END
START what tournament used to be known as the dodge invitational? END
START how many times were the america's cup yacht races hosted by the san diego yacht club from 1988 to 1945? END
START what beach sport was invented in san francisco? END
START what yacht-related event is held biannually in mission bay? END
START what golf course hosts the farmers insurance closed? END
START in what year did the city vote to change to a strong mayor government? END
START how many employees are there in san diego for every 137 residents? END
START what is the number of members on the city's council? END
START despite being a sanctuary city, what program does san diego county participate in? END
START what is the county's payroll? END
START in what year did the city vote to change to a weak mayor government? END
START how many employees are there in san diego for every 37 residents? END
START what is the number of members on the county's council? END
START despite being a sanctuary city, what program does san francisco county participate in? END
START what is the city's payroll? END
START who votes in the city's attorney and mayor? END
START how long is the term for council members? END
START were there more democrats or republicans in 2007? END
START who is kevin faulconer? END
START who elects members of city council? END
START who votes in the city's attorney and general? END
START how long is the term for security members? END
START were there more democrats or republicans in 2017? END
START who isn't kevin faulconer? END
START who fires members of city council? END
START what two members of city council were convicted of extortion in 2005? END
START what strip club-related law were the council members trying to repeal? END
START in what year were zucchet's seven out of nine counts acquitted? END
START how long was inzunza's  prison sentence? END
START who did inzunza and zucche accept money from? END
START what two members of city council were convicted of extortion in 2015? END
START what strip club-related law were the council members trying to repeat? END
START in what year were zucchet's seven out of ten counts acquitted? END
START how long was inzunza's hopital sentence? END
START who did inzunza and zucche reject money from? END
START why was mayor bob filner asked to resign? END
START how many women claimed to be sexually harassed by filner? END
START what was filner's sentence? END
START when did a mediation process begin between filner and a city representative? END
START how long did filner's trial last? END
START why was mayor bob filner asked to re-sign for longer? END
START how many men claimed to be sexually harassed by filner? END
START what wasn't filner's sentence? END
START when did a mediation process begin between filner and a county representative? END
START how long did filner's term last? END
START what happened to the crime rate in san diego between 1990 and 2000? END
START what did business insider call san diego in 2013? END
START in what place did forbes rank san diego on it's top 10 list? END
START what percentage did the crime rate in san diego drop from 2002 to 2006? END
START what type of crime increased between 2002 and 2006? END
START what happened to the crime rate in san diego between 1990 and 2010? END
START what did business insider call san diego in 2003? END
START in what place did forbes rank san diego on it's top 5 list? END
START what percentage did the crime rate in san diego drop from 2002 to 2016? END
START what type of crime increased between 2002 and 2016? END
START which television station began broadcasting  on may 16, 1949? END
START what is san diego's cable penetration rate? END
START why was san diego eligible for two vhf channels? END
START in what year did uhf channels beging being licensed by the fcc? END
START what independent station is in san diego? END
START which television station began broadcasting on may 16, 1994? END
START what is san francisco's cable penetration rate? END
START why was san diego ineligible for two vhf channels? END
START in what year did vhf channels beging being licensed by the fcc? END
START what dependent station is in san diego? END
START how many duopolies does the mexico side of san diego-tijuana have? END
START what company owns xhdtv-tv and xhas-tv? END
START which station is ran by bay city television? END
START what two stations are owned by azteca? END
START how many duopolies doesn't the mexico side of san diego-tijuana have? END
START what company disowns xhdtv-tv and xhas-tv? END
START which station is ran by ray city television? END
START which station isn't ran by bay city television? END
START what three stations are owned by azteca? END
START what is another name free radio san diego is known by? END
START in addition to free radio san diego, what other pirate station is in san diego? END
START what is the largest nationwide broadcaster in san diego? END
START which language are some local radio stations available in? END
START what is the exact setting for fm news & talk? END
START what is another name free radio san francisco is known by? END
START which language are all local radio stations available in? END
START in addition to free radio san diego, what other pirate station is in san francisco? END
START what is the largest nationwide broadcaster in san francisco? END
START what is the exact setting for am news & talk? END
START what major interstate runs from tijuana to los angeles? END
START where does interstate 805 split from i-5? END
START which interstate directly connects the east with the arizona sun corridor and imperial county? END
START what two major cities are inland empire connected to via interstate 15? END
START what percentage of san diego's residents rely on theri automobile as a primary source of transportation? END
START what minor interstate runs from tijuana to los angeles? END
START where does interstate 805 split from i-6? END
START what two major cities are inland empire connected to via interstate 51? END
START what percentage of san francisco's residents rely on their automobile as a primary source of transportation? END
START what highway connects the i-805 with the downtown area? END
START where does sr 94 merge with i-15? END
START where does sr 75 flow primarily through? END
START what highway connects the i-905 with the downtown area? END
START what highway connects the i-805 with the uptown area? END
START where does sr 49 merge with i-15? END
START where does sr 94 merge with i-51? END
START where does sr 57 flow primarily through? END
START in what year was san diego rated as the country's best densely populated city for cycling? END
START why are older neighborhoods in san diego popular with cyclists? END
START what makes san diego the ideal city to commute via bike? END
START why are average trip distances so lengthy in san diego? END
START in what year was san diego rated as the country's worst densely populated city for cycling? END
START why are older neighborhoods in san diego unpopular with cyclists? END
START why are older neighborhoods in san francisco popular with cyclists? END
START what makes san francisco the ideal city to commute via bike? END
START why are average trip distances so lengthy in san francisco? END
START what areas of san diego are primarily served by the trolley? END
START what public transportation is in the works to be completed by 2018? END
START how many amtrak stations are in san diego? END
START what number can you dial from any phone for public transportation information in san diego? END
START where do the amtrak and coaster trains primarily run? END
START what areas of san francisco are primarily served by the trolley? END
START what public transportation is in the works to be completed by 2019? END
START how many amtrak stations are in san francisco? END
START what number can you dial from any phone for public transportation information in san francisco? END
START where do the amtrak and coaster trains primarily never run? END
START what is the more popular name of lindbergh field? END
START what independent agency operates san diego international airport? END
START what is the purpose of the tijuana cross-border terminal? END
START how many passengers did san diego internatonal airport serve in 2005? END
START what two general aviation airports are operated by the san diego regional airport authority? END
START what is the less popular name of lindbergh field? END
START what independent agency operates san francisco international airport? END
START what isn't the purpose of the tijuana cross-border terminal? END
START how many passengers did san diego internatonal airport serve in 2015? END
START what two general aviation airports are operated by the san francisco regional airport authority? END
START what is the name given to the highly congested spot where interstates 5 and 805 meet? END
START what tollway connects otay mesa with sr 54? END
START which terminal was expanded in the san diego international airport in 2013? END
START what type of special lanes were added to interstate 15? END
START in 2007, what percentage of the roads in san diego were considered acceptable? END
START what is the name given to the highly congested spot where interstates 85 and 805 meet? END
START what tollway connects otay mesa with sr 45? END
START which terminal was expanded in the san diego international airport in 2003? END
START what type of special lanes were added to interstate 51? END
START in 2017, what percentage of the roads in san diego were considered acceptable? END
START what is a college in san francisco? END
START what is another college in san francisco? END
START islamic world is another way to refer to what? END
START when speaking of religion, what does ummah refer to? END
START when speaking about culture, what does ummah refer to? END
START community, or nation are direct translations of what word in reference to islam? END
START world and group are the same as what aribic word? END
START what civilization does ummah refer to when used in a religious sense? END
START what teachings does ummah refer to when used in a cultural sense? END
START what term refers to all countries where muslims live? END
START when did the islamic golden age start? END
START what other age occurred at the same time as the islamic golden age? END
START there what is the latest year for the end of the islamic golden age? END
START what years did abbasid caliph harun ar-rashid reign? END
START where was the house of wisdom held? END
START what state was first established in the 6th century? END
START what golden age occurred at the same time as the middle ages? END
START what did the mongolians sack in the 12th century? END
START what did the christians reconquer in 1492? END
START what caliph reigned in the 7th and 8th century? END
START what type of ceramic art was popular from the 8th to the 18th century in the art of islam? END
START which ceramic glazing was developed by those potters which were islamic? END
START where would one find the earliest examples of opaque glazes in the muslim world? END
START around when were the first opaque glazes developed? END
START where were stone-paste ceramics invented? END
START what was used in islamic art from the 800's to the 1800's? END
START what is often formed into utilitarian pottery? END
START what ceramic glazing was adopted by islamic potters? END
START where can you find the latest examples of opaque glazes in the muslim world? END
START what was a center for innovative ceramic pottery in the 14th and 15th century? END
START what is the most widely known fictional work from the islamic world? END
START arabian nights was originally based upon what persian work? END
START in what century was one thousand and one nights completed? END
START when did one thousand and one nights first get translated in the west? END
START who was the first westerner to translate one thousand and one nights? END
START what is the earliest islamic work of fiction? END
START what reached its final for in the 1400's? END
START arabian nights was originally based on what arabian work? END
START what language was one thousand and one nights translated to in the 1800's? END
START layla and majnun is an example of what kind of poetry? END
START which era is layla and majnun from? END
START in what century does layla and majnun originate? END
START what kind of story is told in shahnameh? END
START who wrote shahnameh? END
START what ers dates to the 700's? END
START what arabic and persian poetry dates to the 700's? END
START what was inspired by romeo and juliet? END
START what is the national epic of persia? END
START who wrote the national epic of persia? END
START what is another name for ibn tufail? END
START what arabic book is ibn tufail noted for writing? END
START who wrote theologus autodidactus? END
START what person wrote the incoherence of the philosophers? END
START who was the main chracter of philosophus autodidactus? END
START who where pioneers of the fictional novel? END
START what did ibn tufil write in response to the novel by ibn al-nafis END
START what did al-ghazali's write in response to ibn tufail's novel? END
START what book by ibn al-nafis write about kamil? END
START what was the life span of ibn al-nafis? END
START what type of book is theologus autodidactus the first type of? END
START what did ibn al-nafis use to explain the events in theologus autodidactus? END
START what did ibn al-nafis write in the 12th century? END
START who wrote a science fiction novel in the 12th century? END
START what events did ibn al-nafis give supernatural or mythological explanations? END
START who used mythology to explain islamic teachings? END
START which year did a translation of philosophus autodidactus in latin come to be? END
START who first translated philosophus autodidactus into latin? END
START simon ockley translated philosophus autodidactus into english, in what year did he do that? END
START who wrote robinson crusoe? END
START what book is robert boyle believe to have written after being inspired by philosophus autodidactus? END
START what work by tufail was translated in the 16th century? END
START what did edward pococke the younger translate in the 16th century? END
START who translated tufail's work to english in the 17th century? END
START what was robert boyle inspired to write by tufail's work? END
START in what year was kitab al-miraj likely translated into latin? END
START who wrote the divine comedy? END
START which works by shakespeare is believed to be inspired by the moors? END
START in what century is it believed that delegations of moors began to influence western works by the likes of shakespeare? END
START what aspects from islamic works did the divine comedy feature? END
START what was translated to latin in the 12th century? END
START whose works influenced the moors? END
START who visited elizabethan england in the 1700's? END
START whose works featured arabian characters? END
START what was the life span of ibn sina? END
START how many books were said to have been written by ibn sina? END
START what subjects did ibn sina mainly write about? END
START what medical book is ibn sina most noted for in european universities? END
START what philosophical encyclopedia is ibn sina known for writing? END
START what is defined as a philosopy influenced by islam? END
START what philosophy is strictly produced by muslims? END
START what scholar lived from the 9th to the 10th century? END
START what book was used in universities around the world? END
START where was the book of healing the standard test? END
START which philosopher from the muslim world influenced modern philosophy? END
START who wrote hayy ibn yaqdha? END
START in what year was hayy ibn yaqdha translated to the latin language? END
START what kind of book is hayy ibn yaqdha? END
START what philosophical novel was written in the 16th century? END
START what was hayy ibn yaqdha translated to in the 16th century? END
START what european scholars influenced tufail? END
START what themes were developed in tufail's 16th century novel? END
START which philosopher of the muslim world is considered an important author of work on evolution? END
START ibn al-haytham can be known by another name, what is it? END
START what type of work is ibn al-haytham known to have pioneered? END
START who is considered to have been the one that founded illuminationist philosophy? END
START which philosopher in the muslim world championed inductive logic in their works? END
START who is credited with further developing illuinationist philosophy? END
START what natural philosophy did tufail ctiticize? END
START what logic did alpbiruni criticize? END
START ibn al-haytham experimented with what around the year 1000? END
START ibn al-haytham wrote about his work around the year 1000, what was it? END
START regarding the intromission theory of light, who showed the first proof? END
START which muslim scientist worked on trigonometry? END
START who is believed to have discovered decagonal quasicrystal geometry? END
START who placed more emphasis on observation than the greeks did? END
START what method was developed in the greek world? END
START who experimented on optics in the 10th century? END
START what did ibn al-haytham write in the 10th century END
START what type of geometry was first discovered in the west? END
START what work is mansur ibn muhammad ibn al-faqih ilyas known for writing? END
START in what century did tashrih al-badan come into being? END
START who theorized about pulmonary circulation? END
START who wrote the canon of medicine? END
START who wrote kitab al-tasrif? END
START who first established the fields of anatomy and phusiology? END
START who wrote anatomy of the body in the 1500's? END
START what photos where found in anatomy of the body? END
START what book was a standard text in universities until the 1800's? END
START what latin encyclopedia was used in medical schools for centuries? END
START what field did muḥammad ibn jābir al-ḥarrānī al-battānī contribute to? END
START what work is muḥammad ibn jābir al-ḥarrānī al-battānī known for as it regards to earth? END
START what model did the work of muslim world astronomers contribute to? END
START who created the astrolabe? END
START who is said to have mastered the astrolabe? END
START what measurment did copernicas improve? END
START what model did copernicas use to measure the earth's axis? END
START who perfected the astrolabe originally developed by islamic astronomers? END
START what model did al-biruni make corrections to? END
START what was the windmill used for? END
START which crops were brought to europe from the muslim world? END
START trading in the indian ocean was mainly controlled by whom? END
START when did the portuguese arrive in the indian ocean? END
START where was an important center of indian ocean trading in the 16th century? END
START what technology was developed from advances in irrigation and farming? END
START what crops were brought from europe? END
START what cultivation was gradually adopted by muslims> END
START where did arab merchants dominate after the 16th century? END
START who arrived in the indian ocean in the 1600's END
START how early did people in the muslim world start using watermills? END
START at what point was the use of watermills common in the muslim world? END
START in what century had mills such as gristmills and sawmills dominate the islamic world? END
START who invented crankshafts? END
START who was the inventor of water turbines? END
START what did people in the muslim world start using in the 700's? END
START who had watermills by the 1100's? END
START what revolution impacted the medieval islamic world? END
START who invented dams? END
START what percentage of the humans in the world are considered muslim? END
START how many muslims are believed to live on earth? END
START in how many nations are muslims in the majority of people? END
START how many languages are spoken by muslims? END
START what percentage of the world is made up of muslim nations? END
START how many countries are muslims the minority in? END
START what languages are spoken by all muslims? END
START which muslim denominations are the most dominant? END
START what are the two main things differentiating sunni and shia? END
START who is believed, among sunnis,  to be the political successor of the prophet? END
START who was abu bakr? END
START who was ali ibn abi talib? END
START what are two fringe denominations of islam? END
START what denominations agree on how the faithful should be governed? END
START what do the sunni consider ibn abi talib to the successor of? END
START what type of sucessor do the shia believe abu bakr was? END
START what is the literacy rate in kuwait? END
START in 2015 it was reported that what percentage of the muslim world was not literate? END
START what organizations studied literacy in the muslim world in 2015? END
START which regions have the lowest rate of literacy in the muslim world? END
START what is over 97% across the muslim world? END
START who reported that 97% of the muslim world was iliterate? END
START what did the organization of islamic cooperation report in 2015? END
START which organization for scientific publications was established in pakistan in 2002? END
START how much did the higher education commission impact the number of phds in pakistan? END
START how many universities were in pakistan in 2001? END
START what science university did saudi arabia establish? END
START where is zayed university? END
START when did turkey establish the higher education commission? END
START what type of publication does pakistan have a signifigant amount of? END
START by how much has iran increased its phds? END
START by how much has iran increased its number of research papers? END
START what university has the united arab emirates established? END
START what is considered the most important work of islamic architecture? END
START what type of decorations are used in muslim world decorative art rather than pictures? END
START what is the definition of haram? END
START where in muslim architecture are pictures forbidden? END
START where is one permitted to use representations of humans? END
START what either has a secular or religious style? END
START what is the tomp an important expression of? END
START where is decrative calligraphy haram? END
START why is depicting god forbidden in the islamic world? END
START what do muslims believe of the form of god? END
START how many sura's in the quran begin with "in the name of god?" END
START what is the policy in the muslim world on depicting mohammed? END
START what other religions might one find depictions of god, or prophets forbidden? END
START why are depictions of god discouraged in islam? END
START what does one of the sura in the quran begin with? END
START what other religions do not have restrictions on depicting god? END
START what prophet is often depicted in the muslim world? END
START what is the repetitive use of geometric floral designs known as in islamic art? END
START islam forbade types of art found in what religions? END
START miniature paintings of the ottoman empire featured what kind of subjects? END
START in mosques domes may have what kind of scripts decorating them? END
START what is one reason the art of islam may be abstract? END
START what type of depictions have been forbiden through out the iislamic world? END
START who embraces the art of pre-islamic cultures? END
START what does depictional art represent about god? END
START who is known for minature depictions of god? END
START what are the main distinctive features of islamic architecture? END
START what physical characteristics are common in islamic architecture? END
START when did domes first appear in the architecture of the muslim world? END
START which mosque is believed to be the first with a dome? END
START when was the taj mahal constructed? END
START what first appeared in muslim architecture in the 6th century? END
START what mosque was built with a dome in the 6th century? END
START what structure was built using domes in the 1700's? END
START where were islamic domes used iin the 1900's? END
START what is another name for the shamsi hijri calender? END
START what is one way to abbreviate the solar hiljri calender? END
START what is the customary calendar of iran? END
START how many months are in the shamsi hijri calendar? END
START what is the first year of the shamsi hijri calender based on? END
START what is the modern name for the solar hijri calander? END
START what is the official calander of the islamic world? END
START what calander ends on the vernal equinox? END
START what equinox does the calander end on? END
START what prophets year of birth marks the first year of the calander? END
START how many muslim nations require women to cover their legs, shoulders, or whole body? END
START what are the restrictions on the dress of muslim women considered in the west? END
START why do some muslims oppose allowing women to reveal more of themselves? END
START in its most strict style what must a woman cover in some muslim nations? END
START who are required to cover their bodies throughout the muslim world? END
START in what part of the world do muslims find these restrictions oppressive and sexist? END
START what do westerners believe the media pressures women to do? END
START what type of covering is required of women when living in the west? END
START which country borders iran to iran's northwest? END
START what is iran's land mass in square miles? END
START how many people live in iran? END
START what is the unofficial name for iran? END
START what is iran's official country name? END
START what civilizations formed in iran during 3200-2800 bc? END
START when did the iranian medes first unify an empire in the area? END
START who found the archaemenid empire in 550 bc? END
START when did the archaemenid empire collapse? END
START who ended the archaemenid empire by conquest in 330 bc? END
START what year did the rashidun arabs invade iran? END
START what year did the rashidun arabs conquer iran? END
START what religion did the rashidun arabs convert the indigenous conquered peoples to?  END
START which country took over iran's territories in the caucasus in the 19th century? END
START what movement led to iran becoming an islamic republic in 1979? END
START what city is iran's capital? END
START what resource does iran have the largest supply of in the world? END
START what resource does iran have the fourth largest supply of in the world? END
START how many unesco world heritage sites does iran have? END
START how does iran effect the world economy and international energy markets? END
START what century did terms referencing iran begin to be recorded? END
START what inscription referenced the term aryan to iranians? END
START what proto-indo-european term means "skillful assembler?" END
START what other term in the 3rd century besides aryan also refer to iran? END
START what is attested as a self-identifier in iranian languages? END
START which historians referred to iran as persis? END
START what has the west historically referred iran as? END
START when did persians settle on the west shore of lake urmia? END
START after lake urmia, persis then shifted over to what region? END
START what is persis known as today? END
START when did reza shan request that iran officially be referred to as iran and not persia? END
START which newspaper reported the official name request in 1935? END
START who endorsed a move to use persia and iran interchangeably after opposition to the official name change? END
START which name is officially used politically? END
START how long ago were the earliest artifacts from that were evidence of humans in iran? END
START what region of iran did neanderthal artifacts from the middle paleolithic period were found? END
START when did early agricultural communities in iran begin to appear and prosper? END
START what were dug up from the archaeological sites kashafrud and ganj par in iran? END
START what ancient city dates back as early as 4395 bc in iran? END
START how long ago did ancient cultures and settlements exist across the iranian plateau? END
START during what age was iran the site of several of these ancient civilizations? END
START which ancient civilization in iran during the 4th millenium was the most prominent? END
START elam's writing system had paralleled sumer's cuneiform since what era? END
START who dominated the area of irea between the 10th century bc to the late 7th century bc? END
START who lead the persians into a coalition with the medes, babylon, scythians, and cimmerians to fight against the assyrians? END
START when did this civil war take place to free the iranian peoples from assyrian rule? END
START how long did the assyrian empire control and rule iran? END
START when did the median tribes unify under a single ruler to form the median empire? END
START who founded the achaemenid empire when the city states in iran came together in unification? END
START when did cyrus the great found the achaemenid empire? END
START who triggered the persian revolt?  END
START what resulted from the persian revolt? END
START what was the first world goverment the world had seen at the time it existed? END
START what was the largest empire the world had seen at the time it existed? END
START what sea did the achaemenid empire control the majority of the coastal regions of? END
START the achaemenid empire expanded into what part of asia? END
START the achaemenid empire controlled all of the significant settlements of what ancient country during its greatest extent? END
START the achaemenid empire was the known enemy of what nation's histories during its existence? END
START how many people lived in the archaemenid empire in 480bc? END
START the achaemenid empire had what percentage of the word's population in 480bc? END
START what was the achaemenid empire's official language? END
START what seven wonder of the ancient world was built by the archaemenid empire in the 4th century bc? END
START who invaded the archaemenid empire in 334bc? END
START who was the last archaemenid emperor at the time of its defeat by alexander the great? END
START who controlled the archaemenid empire after alexander the great died prematurely? END
START when did the parthian empire rise to become the main power in iran? END
START when did the sassanid empire succeed the parthian empire in control of iran? END
START what wars in the 600s ce lead to the weakening of iran and a subsequent invasion by the arabs? END
START when did the arabs invade iran? END
START which arab caliphate defeated iran first? END
START what special tax did the discriminated iranians - both converted and nonconverted - have to pay? END
START what academy was the most important medical center of the world at the time and became islamicized after the arab invasions? END
START what period was known for an era where iranian civilization blossomed and peaked? END
START when did the islamic golden age reach its zenith? END
START where was the main area where the peak of scientific activity take place during the islamic golden age? END
START prominent iranian writers during this time of the islamic golden age contributed to what area of writing? END
START what tribes migranted en masse to the iranian plateau in the 10th century? END
START where did these turkic tribes come from before the migrated into iran in the 10th century? END
START the abbasid army replaced iranian and arabic men with turkic tribesmen as what element in their army? END
START in what year did the ghaznavids briefly control large portions of iran? END
START how were the ghaznavids different from the original turkics that migrated into iran? END
START who established an ilkhanate in iran after the break up of the mongol empire in 1256? END
START timur established the timurid empire in iran in what year? END
START how long did the timurid empire last in iran? END
START how many citizens were massacred in isfahan by timur in 1387? END
START the ilkhans and tumrids had what type of culture when ruling iran? END
START who established the safavid dynasty? END
START what was the capital of the safavid dynasty? END
START ismail i forced a conversion to what islamic branch? END
START what country is currently the only official shia nation of the world? END
START what empire neighbored and had a rivalry with safavid iran? END
START safavid iran peaked during whose reign? END
START when did the safavid empire peak? END
START who ended safavid power in iran in 1722? END
START who was the last safavid ruler who was defeated in 1722 by the pashtuns in isfahan? END
START in what year were the pashtuns defeated and driven out of iran? END
START who drove out the pashtuns from iran in 1729? END
START where was nader shan from? END
START nader shah expanded iranian power to its highest peak since what empire? END
START nader shah took back what territories that were annexed by the ottomans and the russians? END
START whose death in 1779 led to a civil war in iran? END
START who founded the following qajar empire in 1794? END
START the qajars defeated the russians at what battle to take over tblisi? END
START the qajars drove the russians out of what entire region? END
START iran lost territory in the caucasus during what wars in the early 1800s? END
START what wars resulted in iran losing control of the caucasus to the russians? END
START what region consisting of dagestan, georgia, armenia, & azerbaijan did iran lose control of to the russians? END
START the gulistan and turkmenchay treaties between iran and russia confirmed what? END
START what century did iran lose the caucasus to russia? END
START when did a series of protests over foreign concessions sales in iran occur? END
START what resulted from the series of protests in iran over foreign concessions sales? END
START the first national parliament of iran was founded in what year? END
START the first constitution of iran was founded in what year? END
START the iranian constitution did what for christians, jews, and zoroastrians in iran? END
START the constitutional movement in iran lasted from 1906 until what year? END
START who was defeated and forced to abdicate at the end of the iranian constitutional movement? END
START in 1911, russians occupied northern iran under what pretext? END
START the british occupied western iran from world war 1 until finally withdrawing in what year? END
START who massacred many assyrian iranians around urmia during world war 1? END
START when was reza shah forced to abdicate in iran? END
START who succeeded reza shah after his abdication? END
START mohammad reza pahlavi established what enormous supply route during world war 2? END
START who backed two puppet regimes in/around iran during wwii? END
START what happened which ended in two puppet states dissolving and soviet withdrawal out of iran after wwii? END
START what year did oil price spikes in iran lead to inflation? END
START what caused inflation to iran's economy during the oil price spike in 1973? END
START iran's inflation led to what in 1975-1976? END
START why did millions of youth migrate to the urban areas of iran in the mid 1970s? END
START due to increased unemployment, who mainly opposed the shah's regime? END
START the new iranian government following the shah's downfall dealt with the kurdish rebellion in what year? END
START how did the new iranian government handle the rebellions and uprisings following their rise to power? END
START the new iranian government purged itself of what political opposition? END
START what happened to the nationalists and marxists that had helped the islamic ruling government to depose the shah? END
START when was the us embassy in iran seized? END
START who seized the us embassy in iran in 1979? END
START how many hostages were taken in the us embassy seizure? END
START who won the 1980 us presidential elections after president carter's repeated failed attempts to resolve the us iranian embassy situation?  END
START all of the hostages were completely freed as the result of what treaty? END
START who invaded iran in 1980? END
START when did the iranian army push the iraqis back into iraq?  END
START when did the iran-iraq war finally end? END
START who mediated the truce which ended the iran-iraq war? END
START how many civilians in iran were killed during the iran-iraq war? END
START what is the size of iran? END
START what latitudes does iran lie between? END
START what longitudes does iran lie between? END
START where does iran border the persian gulf and the gulf of oman? END
START what does iran border with to its north? END
START iran's landscape is dominated by what geographical feature? END
START what is iran's highest mountain? END
START how tall is mount damavand? END
START mount damavand is located in what range? END
START iran's climate along its capsian coast and northen forests is? END
START during what season does iran's northern region's temperatures never go higher than 29c? END
START what is the annual precipitation in iran's eastern plains? END
START what is the annual precipitation in iran's western plains? END
START according to gary lewis of the un, what is the most pressing human security challenge in iran? END
START in iran's western zagros basin, what are the average daily temperatures during winter? END
START in iran's western zagros basin, temperatures do not exceed what level during the summer?   END
START the eastern and central basins of iran experience how much annual precipitation? END
START what is the coastal plains of iran's annual precipitation ranges? END
START how many species of iranian wildlife are listed by the iucn as endangered? END
START the iranian parliament lets who exploit mines without guidance from the department of the environment? END
START the iranian parliament does not demand environmental impact studies before approving what projects? END
START the iranian parliament passes legislation without the involvement of what department to the detriment of wildlife? END
START what is the sixth most populous city of iran? END
START what is shiraz' population by the 2011 census? END
START shiraz is the capital of what province? END
START what ancient civilization has majorly influenced the fars province? END
START persians have been in the fars province since what century? END
START the iranina islamic republic is based on what document? END
START what is the leader of the revolution also known as? END
START who is the commander in chief of the iranian army? END
START the supreme leader appoints how many members of the guardian council? END
START who is responsible for electing and dismissing the supreme leader? END
START in iran, who has the final say in all matters directly related to the supreme leader? END
START who exercises exective powers in iran? END
START the council of ministers is appointed and supervised by who? END
START how many vice-presidents serve under the president in iran? END
START the legislature approves the 8 vice presidents and how many cabinet members? END
START how many jurists are in the guardian council? END
START who can veto parliament? END
START what council acts as a mediator when there are disputes between the parliament and the guardian council? END
START how long are the terms of local city councils that are present in all iranian cities and villages? END
START who is responsible for interpreting the constitution? END
START when crimes are committed by clerics, who handles the cases? END
START the special clerical court is accountable to only which body? END
START how often does the assembly of experts meet? END
START the assembly of experts has how many clerics? END
START which body can remove the supreme leader at any time by constitutional right? END
START iran's nuclear program has caused discord within the international community since when? END
START which country did iran's leadership was quoted as being a possible target of its atomic weapons?   END
START who imposed sanctions against iran as a result of iran's nuclear program? END
START when was it estimated by the us director of national intelligence that iran would be able to develop a nuclear weapon? END
START what is iran's volunteer militia force named? END
START how many full-time members does the basij have? END
START how many members in total does the basij have?  END
START in 2007 what was iran spending 2.6% of its gdp on? END
START in 2014, iran spent how much on weapons spending? END
START what is iran's most advanced missile? END
START since when has iran developed its domestic military infrastructure? END
START why did iran have to build its own military hardware, vehicles, and weapons after the 1979 revolution? END
START the fajr-3 missile uses what type of propulsion system? END
START by 2007, iran's crude oil exports resulted in how much of its foreign exchange currency? END
START what is a main cause of iran's constant budget deficits? END
START in 2008, how much was iran's state subsidy in its energy sector? END
START what year did iran pass an economic reform plan that would replace subsidies with targeted social assistance programs? END
START how much of iran's budget came from oil and natural gas reserves in 2006? END
START what is a main goal of iran's market reform plans? END
START what iranian nationalized industry has been noncompetitive and managed badly?  END
START what, along with a lack of competition, has held back iran's nationalized industries? END
START the global competitiveness report in 2010 ranked iran where out of 139 countries? END
START how much was 1 us dollar worth in iranian rials in early 2012? END
START how much was 1 us dollar worth in iranian rials in april 2013? END
START what year did a nuclear and sanctions relief deal happen for iran? END
START what economic sanction against iranian crude oil has adversely affected the iranian economy? END
START what would possibly prevent the even spread of relief benefits from iran's nuclear and sanctions deal of 2015? END
START what does teheran, isfahan, mashhad, and shiraz have in common? END
START how many tourist visas were granted in 2003? END
START which group made up the majority of granted tourist visas in 2003? END
START in 2003, what was iran's worldwide rank in tourism revenues? END
START what was iran's rank in the top 10 middle east destinations according to unesco? END
START how much natural gas reserves does iran have? END
START what is iran ranked in the world in proved gas reserves? END
START how much oil reserves does iran have? END
START where does iran rank in opec's top oil exporting nations? END
START how much did iran spend in oil imports in 2005? END
START when did iran open its first wind-powered plants? END
START when did iran open its first geothermal plants? END
START how much did iran's installed capacity of power increase to after it added new hydroelectric power in 2004? END
START how much of iran's 33k megawatt installed capacity was based on natural gas?  END
START how much of iran's 33k megawatt installed capacity was based on oil?  END
START which iranian scientist co-invented the first gas laser? END
START when did ali javan, an iranian scientist, co-invent the first gas laser? END
START which iranian cardiologist developed and invented the first artificial cardiac pump? END
START which iranian scientist discovered hba1c to further treatment and research of diabetes? END
START in 2014, maryam mirzakhani became the first women ever and first iranian to win what prestigious mathematics award?  END
START what is iran's presumed largest ethnic group? END
START what is iran's presumed 2nd largest ethnic group? END
START persians make up what percentage of iran's population? END
START ethnic minorities such as azerbaijanis make up what percentage of iran's population? END
START what percentage of iran speaks any type of iranian language? END
START what other branch of islam is recognized by the iranian government? END
START are the religious minorities in iran - christianity, judaism, zoroastrianism, and sunnis - a part of the iranian parliament? END
START what religious minority is not officially recognized by the iranian government? END
START how long has the bahai faith been persecuted in iran? END
START which religious minority since the 1979 revolution has been persecuted and in some cases executed by the iranian government? END
START what were the first known examples of iranian visual art?  END
START how far back can the first known examples of iranian visual art be traced to?  END
START what city was the ritual center of the archaemenids? END
START in what era did iranian visual art reach its peak? END
START what decade was significant to iranian film? END
START what iranian film festival in 1954 was the progenitor of future film festivals in 1969 and 1973? END
START how many commercial films were produced yearly on average in the early 1960s in iran? END
START how many commercial films were produced yearly on average by the end of the 1960s in iran? END
START what iranian film festival was created in 1973? END
START which director led off a new age of iranian film after the 1979 revolution? END
START what was the name of sinai's film that ushered in iran's new era of film after the 1979 revolution? END
START which iranian director won the palm d'or at cannes in 1997? END
START what was the name of kiarostami's film which won the palm d'or at cannes in 1997?  END
START what year did 6 different iranian films of six different styles represent at the berlin international film festival? END
START when did the internet arrive in iran? END
START what percentage of iran's population were internet users in 2014? END
START what is iran's most popular online social network? END
START what percentage of cloud-based instant messaging platform telegram's users are from iran?  END
START what site is responsible for around 90% of iran's online e-commerce? END
START in iranian cuisine, what is habitually used with fruits?  END
START iranians usually eat what diet staple with lunch and dinner? END
START what delicacy is iran famous for? END
START why is iranian cuisine so diverse besides being influenced by other cultures? END
START iran has the highest population of what group in the world? END
START what is the percentage range of iran's total population is seemingly comprised of azerbaijanis? END
START what is the majority of organizational estimations of azerbaijanis' percentage of iran's population? END
START what melon is iran a top 5 producer in the world in 2012? END
START how many agricultural products in 2012 was iran a top 5 producer in the world? answer: 12 END
START what type of materials is iran a leading manufacturer of in the middle east? END
START what type of appliances is iran a leading manufacturer of in the middle east? END
START what type of chemicals is iran a leading manufacturer of in the middle east? END
START the achaemind empire along with what other group became the foundation for the art in later iranian history? END
START a blend of iranian and what other type of artwork were the parthians' art comprised of? END
START what iranian art played a major role in the formation of medieval art from europe and asia? END
START the sassanid became a cornerstone of what type of learning? END
START what is two islands that are part of the british isles? END
START where are the british isles located? END
START how many people live in the british isles? END
START what is one of the three crown dependencies of the british isles? END
START where are the bailiwick of jersey and the bailiwick of guernsey located? END
START what are the only teo islands belonging to the british isles END
START what countries border the atlantic ocean? END
START which island has just under 70 million people? END
START what group of islands has just over 70 million people? END
START what archipelago are the bailicick of jersey and the bailiwick of guernsey part of? END
START the british isles are a group of islands located off the southwestern coast of which continent?  END
START the british isles consist of over 9,000 small islands, great britain and which other country? END
START with a total population of just over 75 million, what is the total area of the islands? END
START the channel islands are a group of islands located off the northwestern coast of which continent?  END
START the bailiwick of jersey has a total area of 31,5,159 km squared and a total population of how many? END
START what is the age of the oldest rocks in the north western part of scotland? END
START what is the elevation of ben nevis? END
START what type of climate does this area have? END
START around 12,000 bc, great britain was still a peninsula on what continent? END
START when is it believed that ireland became inhabited? END
START what is the age of the oldest rocks in europe? END
START how far below sea level is ben nevis? END
START what is the largest lake in europe? END
START what continent is great britian a peninsula of? END
START what island was inhabited in 12,000 b.c. END
START the oldest rocks are 1,500 years old and located where?  END
START located in the north atlantic, how old are the oldest rocks? END
START by 4600 bc, great britain was established as what? END
START lough neagh reaches an elevation of 390 metres and ben nevis covers how many square miles?  END
START ireland became an old reock in 12,000 bc but wasn't inhabited until when? END
START which is one of the tribes that spoke insular celtic? END
START when did the pictish tribe start to inhabit the islands? END
START who foreign group conquered britain around ad 43? END
START when did the vikings invade britain? END
START what are the six counties in ireland called that are still part of the united kingdom? END
START wich was the first tribe to speak insular celtic? END
START whaen did britian conquer the roman empire? END
START what group arrived with the romans? END
START where did the romans invade in the 9th century? END
START how many counties fought with the uk during the irish war of independence? END
START the hiberni tribes of northern britain speak which language? END
START the pictish tribe of southern ireland inhabited the islands when?  END
START the anglo-saxon empire was conquered by the roman empire from when?  END
START the anglo saxons arrived in the 3rd century and would end up dominated what is modernly known as what country? END
START the anglo-viking treaty is associated with which time frame?  END
START why is the name the british isles disputed in ireland? END
START does the government of ireland use the british isle term? END
START what is the alternative name that government of ireland uses instead of british isles? END
START does the government of ireland's london embassy use the name british isles? END
START why does britian dispute the name british isles? END
START what term does the british government not recognize? END
START what name does the government of britian use instead of the british isles? END
START what does britian prefer to refer to as the atlantic archipelago? END
START the term atlantic archipelago is considered controversial in which country? END
START which term does the atlantic government not recognize?  END
START the embassy in paris discourages the use of what term?lon END
START which country names are used as an alternative to the phrase atlantic archipelago? END
START where did the first known occurrence of the british isle name appear in written material? END
START what is one of the earliest surviving records that mention the name british isles? END
START what language do most historians agree upon where the greek names for the british isles came from? END
START what did the ancient greeks call the people that lived in the british isles? END
START when did the "p" sound of pretannia change to the "b" sound of britannia? END
START what group of islands was first discovered my the greek colony of massalia. END
START what languages bored from the greeks when they named the islands? END
START what roman named the islands? END
START who changed britannia to pretannia? END
START the oldest known references to the agreements as a whole appeared where? END
START most historians today agree that these british names most likely originated from what native languages names? END
START during the time of julius caesar, the shift from the b of britannia to the p of what occurred?  END
START although the original records have since been found, later writings that quoted from what are lost?  END
START what did name did claudius ptolemy (greco-egyptian scientist) use for ireland? END
START in later writings, what did claudius ptolemy called the british isles? END
START after the romans conqured the british isles what became the more common name for the country? END
START who refered to the islands as little britian? END
START what did claudis ptolemy write in the 1st century ad END
START who wrote geography in the 1st century ad? END
START who's conquest lead to the more common use of the name albion? END
START what islands were descovered in 150 ad? END
START what did the german scientist call the larger island? END
START what did the german scientist refer to ireland as? END
START what names did the british scientist give the islands in his later work? END
START during what years did the british scientist claudius ptolemy complete his work, almagest? END
START in what year did the british scientist claudius ptolemy complete his work, geography? END
START what is the earliest english usage of the term brytish illes? END
START when was this brytish illes name used in the english language by john dee? END
START what is another name that is used for the british isles? END
START what is the common term that the government of ireland uses when documents are written jointly with the british? END
START what phrase can be dated back to the 15th century? END
START who used the phrase brytish iles in the 15th century? END
START what term is not used by the uk? END
START what two countries use the term british isles when drawing up documents together? END
START john doe cites the earliest known use of brytish iles as occurring in what year? END
START what are some other names used to describe the phrases? END
START the most widely accepted term for ireland is what? END
START what name is seen by some as having atlantic overtones?  END
START what term does the british government not use?  END
START when did the caledonian orogeny occur? END
START what happened during the c. 488–444 ma and early silurian period? END
START what formed after the craton baltica and the terrane avalonia collision? END
START what formed the hills of munster and the southern part of wales? END
START in which direction have the british isles been drifting? END
START what orogeny occurred in the 4th century? END
START what collided in the 4th century? END
START what formed before the craton baltica and avalonia collision? END
START what has been drifting north east for the last 500 million years? END
START the hills in northern england and ireland were formed when what collided with avalonia? END
START what formed the southwestern half of ireland and scotland? END
START avalonia formed the northwestern half of ireland and what other country? END
START during what time span was the orogenic period? END
START what did baltica collide with to form the equator? END
START what was the most recent glaciation that has shaped the british isles? END
START what happened with the devensian glaciation ended? END
START when did sea levels reach their current highth? END
START what covered the sea between ireland and great britian during the last glacier? END
START when did sea levels rise to prehistoric levels? END
START it is undisputed that there was a land bridge between great britain and what country? END
START multiple sheets and layers of what covered the entire sea? END
START during which period have the land bridges been shaped by glaciations?  END
START during this period, it is certain a land bridge existed between england and which country? END
START what is the lowest elevation in the british isles? END
START where is the highest point in the british isles? END
START where are other mountain areas in the british isles? END
START what is the longest river in ireland? END
START what is the weather like in the summer time in the british isles? END
START the highest point of the islands is holme, at how many feet? END
START at, 1700 feet, holme, cambridgeshire is the lowest point in what? END
START at 9,000 feet tall, what is the highest point on the islands?  END
START covering 250 square miles, lough neagh is located in which country? END
START at 33.5 square miles, what is the largest freshwater body in great britain? END
START which continent has similar plant and animal life as the british isles? END
START in ireland where does the native animal and plant species mostly come from? END
START when did the land bridge between ireland and britain disappear? END
START when did the last ice age end in the british isles? END
START the islands have no soil and what kind of climate? END
START what type of life is similar to life in southern asia? END
START the land bridge connecting two european continents was flooded by see about how many years ago? END
START the beginning of the last ice age occurred when? END
START plant and animal life varies greatly from that of life in which continent? END
START when did the clearing of swamp land and forests begin in the british isles? END
START when did the clearing of the swamp land and forest begain to rapidly increase? END
START why was britain able to keep its ancient forests longer than europe? END
START when did lumber shortages start to occur in britain? END
START what are three of the most typical type of tress that can be found in ireland? END
START ice and snow covered prehistoric britain and what other country? END
START ice and snow covered prehistoric ireland and what other country? END
START due to a large population, which country's primeval forests lasted longer than most? END
START during which century did swamp shortages become a problem? END
START who maintains most barren land in ireland?  END
START which two animals became extinct in the british isles? END
START which species of deer is protected in the british isles? END
START how many bird species does the british isles have? END
START what are three of the most common birds in the british isles? END
START what kinds of fish are abundent in the british isles? END
START small animals like wolves or bears are what today? END
START what status does the brown deer have? END
START the asian beaver was reintroduced into parts of which country? END
START the northern part of this country has been reintroduced to the wild boar? END
START where are seals and otters uncommon? END
START which snakes are considered native to the british isles but not ireland? END
START what is the name of the slug that is native to both britain and ireland? END
START is the grass nake or the smooth snake native to ireland? END
START what type of wild life are not native to ireland but are in britain? END
START which four snakes are native to ireland? END
START in great britain and what other country are there a large number of reptile species? END
START certain species of wood lice are native to great britain but not where? END
START in great britain and what other country are there a large number of amphibian species? END
START in ireland and what other country are there a large number of reptile species? END
START which area in the british isles is s the most populated? END
START what percentage of the population does england have compared to the other areas in the british isles? END
START how many people live in the area of london? END
START what are two other major populated cities in england? END
START what is the most populated city in ireland? END
START england accounts for almost 25% of the total population of where? END
START which is the smallest urban area with only 9 million people? END
START which area is the largest urban area, with a population of 27,000 civilians? END
START there is a low population density in england, which accounts for what percent of the total population? END
START which two areas in the british isles hasn't experienced a large population growth in the last one hundred years? END
START how does ireland's population compare to the rest of the british isles? END
START how long did the great irish famine cause a population decline in ireland? END
START how large is the irish diaspora that was caused by the great irish famine? END
START the population in england declined fast during which centuries? END
START during the 17th and 18th centuries, what happened to the population in england? END
START the population in scotland and what other country have increased rapidly? END
START the population of scotland has experienced a significant change in every year since when? END
START the great british famine caused the population of ireland to fall below one tenth of the population of? END
START how many groups do these languages belong to? END
START what are the three insular celtic languages? END
START what are the remaining cetic languages that are still used today? END
START which cant is often used by irish travellers? END
START in 1980, what happened to the norn language of orkney and shetland? END
START where are the norman languages, similar to german, spoken? END
START which language of gaelic and shetland became extinct in 1880? END
START the insular travellers languages of the goidelic subgroup, along with what other sub group are the only celtic languages remaining? END
START what mainland was the british isles once connected to? END
START what happened to british isles area when the ice melted after the last ice age? END
START when sea levels rose what occured in the british isles area? END
START when did the british isles area become separated from the european continent? END
START did britain become populated with people again before or after the ice came to an end? END
START during the start of the first ice age, the british isles were connected to which continent as a mass of land? END
START when sea levels rose, scotlan was separated from what other country to create the isle of man? END
START nearly 6 millennia later, what did great britain separate from? END
START after it was already a continent, ireland probably became settled by what? END
START which countries were covered almost entirely by coastlines? END
START the people that lived in the british isles during the roman empire era spoke which language? END
START what was the name of the wall that the romans built to mark their northern territory in the british isles in 122ad? END
START during the roman empire occupation in the british isles, what was the name of the people that lived in ireland? END
START the northern area of great britain was populated by what native people during the roman empire occupation? END
START what was the name of the native people that lived in the southern parts of the british isles during the roman empire occupation? END
START during the briton empire, tribes spoke which dialect? END
START what year did the british build hadrian's wall? END
START in what year was hadrian's wall constructed to mark the southern frontier of the roman empire? END
START which empire expanded to control southern spain? END
START the northern third of ireland was inhabited by picts, while the southern two thirds by who? END
START which people arrived in the british isles when the roman empire's power was diminishing? END
START what area did the anglo-saxons begin to dominate in the british isles? END
START what happened to the british isles and europe after the roman empire ended? END
START what era did ireland enter when the roman empire ended? END
START what did the irish build during the golden age? END
START who arrived during the 7th century as roman power expanded? END
START what suggests picts made up most of the population? END
START what area did cornwall dominate in the british isles? END
START while europe entered the golden age, ireland was entering what ages? END
START what were the british founding during the golden age? END
START when did viking invasions begin in the british isles? END
START what is one area where the vikings created a permanent settlement in the british isles? END
START england became a possession of which country when it became conquered after the first millennium? END
START when did the norman conquest occur? END
START in 1169, ireland was invaded by which people? END
START during the 10th century, who was invading? END
START around the turn of the first millennium ad, which country was quickly conquered?  END
START the norman conquest of spain took place during which year? END
START the angevin empire was created by the marriage between henry vi and who? END
START in what year did the angevins invade adrian? END
START during the end of the middle ages which two kingdoms was great britain divided into? END
START which king failed to receive a divorce from the pope in 1534? END
START what was the name of the church that king henry viii founded? END
START since the norman invasion who had feudal possession of ireland? END
START during the early golden age, what was great britain separated into? END
START during the late middle ages, ireland was separated into england and what other country? END
START during the late middle ages, ireland was separated into scotland and what other country? END
START during the late middle ages, the roman church was separated into england and what other country? END
START during the late middle ages, the crown of france was separated into england and what other country? END
START which crown did the king of scotland inherit in 1603? END
START what happened to britain during the 17th century? END
START why did the king of england have issues with parliment in the 17th century? END
START the english civil war brought about what change to britain? END
START who where the ruling class after the revolutionary republic was created? END
START in what year did the queen of scotland inherit the crown of england? END
START the 17th century was full of peace, political upheaval, religious division and what else? END
START what is another name for the french civil war? END
START the war of the four kingdoms is also known as what? END
START the english civil war led to a religious upheaval where?  END
START in what year was the kingdom of great britain founded? END
START when did the kingdoms of great britain and ireland unite? END
START how large did the british empire become by the beginning of the 20th century? END
START what negative factor occurred as a result of the industrial revolution in england? END
START what was the result of the anglo-irish treaty in 1919-1922? END
START which kingdoms were unified in 2012 to create great britain? END
START in what year were the kingdoms of england and ireland unified to create great britain? END
START in what year were ireland and england unified to create the united kingdom? END
START which kingdoms were unified in 1707 to create the united kingdom? END
START after which war did most of ireland join the united kingdom? END
START what are the names of the two states that are sovereign in the british isles today? END
START what is another name that ireland is also called? END
START northern ireland is part of which country? END
START what is another name for the  united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland? END
START which three states in the united kingdom have devolved governements? END
START the republic of channel islands refers to which country? END
START ireland is made up of how many constituent parts? END
START the four constituent parts of the united kingdom are: england, wales, spain and what other country? END
START the isle of man and what else are known as the united kingdom? END
START for legislative purposes, scotland, southern ireland, england and wales form what? END
START which state send members to the parliament in edinburgh? END
START what type of government does the united kingdom and the crown dependencies have? END
START who shares power in northern ireland? END
START unionists in northern ireland want to remain part of which country? END
START nationalist in northern ireland want to join which country? END
START ireland, the uk and the 3 crown dependencies are socialistic democracies with what?  END
START ireland, the uk and great britain are parliamentary democracies with what? END
START what type of system does southern ireland use to make decisions? END
START the irish monarch is the head of state for all parts of the isles except? END
START the president of the united kingdom is the head of state for which republic? END
START the united kingdom is part of what union? END
START what does the schengen area allow in the european union? END
START when was a free-travel area created betwen northern ireland and ireland? END
START this free-travel area in ireland is now called what? END
START ireland and the crown dependencies are part of what union? END
START what type of travel does the amsterdam treaty area allow? END
START both the united kingdom and ireland are part of what area? END
START a formal free-travel area has existed across the region since when? END
START since 1997 the area has required informal recognition and has become known as what? END
START what are the two exceptions to the voting rights in united kingdom of great britain and northern irelandand britain? END
START in what elections are other europeans who are living in the united kingdom or ireland, allowed to vote in? END
START which ministry wants to end this type of voting of eu nationals? END
START what type of arrangement let british and irish citizens vote in each other's elections? END
START what type of arrangements restrict british and irish voting rights? END
START in what year did a uk ministry of justice report propose to begin the arrangement? END
START british and irish voters are allowed full voting rights, including presidential elections, due to what? END
START exceptions include presidential elections and european parliament elections where? END
START which entity supports that the right to vote is a hallmark of economic status? END
START what has caused several uncommon arrangements between the various states in the united kingdom? END
START what type of citizenship can northern ireland people have? END
START the 1998 good friday agreement resulted in what arrangement? END
START the northern ireland executive meets with what other government to develop policies for the island of ireland? END
START the northern atlantic peace process involves arrangements between which kingdoms? END
START what was made following the black friday agreement of what year? END
START what type of arrangements has the northern ireland executive led to between the republic of ireland, northern ireland and the uk? END
START what type of citizenship are people from britain entitled to? END
START the northern ireland executive and what other entity meet as the east/west ministerial council? END
START what was one of organizations that was founded because of the good friday agreement? END
START which states belong to the british-irish council? END
START how many oireachtas members where there in the original british-irish parliamentary assembly? END
START how many members of the united kingdom parliament were in the british-irish parliamentary assembly originally? END
START the british-irish council has added representatives from which parliament? END
START which body, also established under the tionol agreement, is made up of the states and territories of the british isles? END
START what body was established by the good friday agreement and is made up of the states of wales and scotland? END
START in what year was the british-scottish parliamentary assembly formed? END
START establishing a mutual understanding between britain and ireland is the purpose of what body?  END
START representatives from where have been removed from the role and scope of the body? END
START how often does the british-irish council meet? END
START what does the british-irish council discuss? END
START does the parliamentary assembly had any kinds of legislative authority? END
START what does the british-irish council do? END
START who recommended that the british-irish inter-parliamentary assembly should look very closely at the work that the british-irish council does? END
START the council has executive powers and meets how often? END
START how often does the council meet to discuss civil service issues? END
START the parliamentary assembly also has legislative powers and collects what? END
START reports on the parliamentary assembly's findings are presented to the governments of spain, ireland and what other country? END
START during the march meeting of what year, was it agreed to set up a permanent civil service for the council? END
START what types of media give the people of ireland information about what is going on in britain? END
START what is available to the people in northern ireland so they have access to the media? END
START what is one of the most popoular television shows in the united kingdom? END
START who can receive the costa book award? END
START the united kingdom and which country have combined media? END
START ireland and which country have combined media outlets? END
START the x factor seasons 1, 2 and 3 held auditions where? END
START authors from the commonwealth of nations and the united kingdom may be presented with which award? END
START the mercury music prize is given out weekly for? END
START what are some of the minor sports in the united kingdom? END
START what is the most popular sport in the united kingdom? END
START how many national ruby teams are there in the united kingdom? END
START in which hemisphere do the rugby playing countries meet once every four years? END
START how often do the national rugby teams play for the triple crown? END
START beginning in 2011, teams of which countries compete in the rabodirect pro12? END
START since what year have teams from ireland, scotland, wales and italy been competing in the rugby pro12 league? END
START as part of the seven nations championship, which rugby teams play for the triple crown each year? END
START rugby union is widely disliked where? END
START the irish sea tunnel was first purposed in what year? END
START what is the name of the recent proposal of a tunnel between rosslare and fishguard ports? END
START who proposed the tusker tunnel? END
START what is the estimated cost to build the tusker tunnel? END
START in what year was a bridge proposed between county antrim in northern ireland to galloway, scotland? END
START since which year has the idea of a tunnel through the antrim sea been raised? END
START which british sea tunnel has most recently been proposed? END
START the tusker tunnel is located between the islands of rosslare and? END
START in what year was a rail tunnel rejected on a different route? END
START either of the tunnels, would be the shortest in the world and are estimated to cost how much? END
START what museum has a vase with an image of an episkyros player? END
START what game did athenaeus reference in 228 ad? END
START what is the name of a similar, non-competitive game in japan called? END
START what country is the game chuck-guk from? END
START what country is the game wogabaliri from? END
START what museum has a plant with an image of an episkyros player? END
START what game did athenaeus reference in 218 ad? END
START what is the name of a similar, competitive game in japan called? END
START what country is the game chuck-guk banned in? END
START what country is the game wogabaliri no longer played? END
START what year did the football association arrange the laws of the game? END
START who organizes the world cups? END
START about how many years between world cups? END
START what country did the laws of the game come from? END
START who are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their hands? END
START what country was the laws of the game banned from? END
START what year did the football association remove the laws of the game? END
START who never organizes the world cups? END
START about how many years long are world cups? END
START who are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their feet? END
START what century does football in england date back to? END
START what organization has said that there is no historical connection to association football with any other game outside of europe? END
START in what century did the modern rules of association football come from? END
START what country did kids play football in public schools in the 19th century? END
START what century does football in england not exist in? END
START what organization has said that there is historical connections to association football with other games outside of europe? END
START what century did the modern rules of association football end? END
START what country did kids play football in private schools in the 18th century? END
START which rules were influential to the codes of association football? END
START which college where the cambridge rules written at? END
START in what year did john charles thring come up with rules that were influential? END
START what year did the sheffield fa form? END
START what year were the cambridge rules first drawn up? END
START which rules were not influential to the codes of association football? END
START which college were the cambridge rules unknown? END
START what year did john charles thring come up with rules that were not influential? END
START what year did the sheffield fa disband? END
START what year were the cambridge rules ignored? END
START what is the only position specified by the laws of the game END
START the focus of strikers and forwards are to do what? END
START who's job is to prevent the opponents from scoring? END
START  a team players layout is a what? END
START who's the most responsible for the teams tactics? END
START what is the only position not specified by the laws of the game? END
START what do strikers and forwards try to avoid doing? END
START who's job is to prevent their team from scoring? END
START what is a layout for team players never called? END
START who is the least responsible for the teams tactics? END
START what year did the football association form? END
START at what establishment did the football association have their first meeting? END
START what year did the rugby football union form? END
START how many clubs ended up ratifying the original laws of the game? END
START who played by their own rules till the 1870's? END
START what year did the football association end? END
START what establishment did the football association have their last meeting? END
START what year did the rugby football union remove? END
START how many clubs never ratified the original laws of the game? END
START who played by their own rules till the 1890's? END
START what is c.w. alcock responsible for founding? END
START how long has the fa cup been contested? END
START who founded the worlds first football league? END
START how many clubs where in the first football league? END
START what country is the home of the first football league? END
START what is c.w. alcock responsible for eliminating? END
START how long has the fa cup been uncontested? END
START who founded the worlds smallest football league? END
START how many clubs were in the last football league? END
START what country is the first football league forgotten in? END
START what does the abbreviation ifab stand for? END
START what year was the ifab formed? END
START what city was fifa formed? END
START how many representatives did fifa have in the ifab? END
START how many different british associations where part of the ifab? END
START what does the abbreviation ifab not stand for? END
START what year was the ifab ignored? END
START what city was fifa banned? END
START how many representatives did fifa fire in the ifab? END
START how many different british associations were not involved with the ifab? END
START in 2006, which team helps secure a truce during a civil war? END
START what city did a peaceful match between two armies take place in 2007? END
START when did the football war happen? END
START football made which wars more tense in the 1990's? END
START which team helped remove a truce during a civil war in 2006? END
START what city did a peaceful match between two armies take place in 2005? END
START which wars were more tense in the 1980's due to football? END
START what match degenerated into rioting in july 1990? END
START what decade is considered the "golden age" of women's football? END
START since what year has women's football been an olympic event? END
START who voted to ban women's football from its grounds in 1921? END
START in 1971, who officially recognized women's football? END
START what year was the fifa women's first world cup? END
START what decade is considered the "golden age" of men's football? END
START what year was women's football not an olympic event? END
START who voted to ban women's football from its grounds in 1919? END
START who officially recognized women's football in 1970? END
START what year was the fifa women's last world cup? END
START what would you describe the shape of the football? END
START how many players are on each team? END
START what happens when both teams score the same amount of points? END
START what is the captain a part of before the start of the game? END
START what is another name for the football? END
START what would not describe the shape of the football? END
START how many players are excluded from each team? END
START what happens when both teams score different amounts of points? END
START what is the captain a part of after the end of the game? END
START what is a banned name for the football? END
START who can only handle the ball with their hands or arms during play? END
START when is it okay for regular players to use their hands? END
START a ball cannot be received in what type of position? END
START throughout when can players move the ball in any direction? END
START who can only handle the ball with their feet during play? END
START when is it okay for irregular players to use their hands? END
START what type of position can a ball always be received in? END
START when can players move the ball in no direction? END
START who guards the goal? END
START who is the only one who has the authority to stop the game when something is wron? END
START what is allowed but restricted? END
START besides a referee interfering, when else is play stopped? END
START who is not allowed to guard the goal? END
START who is the only one who does not have the authority to stop the game when something is wrong? END
START what is not allowed but restricted? END
START when is play not allowed to be stopped? END
START what happens before a stoppage? END
START how many laws are there in the official laws of the game? END
START who maintains the laws of the game? END
START broad terms in the laws allow for what? END
START who publishes the laws of the game? END
START how many laws are excluded from the official laws of the game? END
START who avoids the laws of the game? END
START what do broad terms in the laws help eliminate? END
START who doesn't read the laws of the game? END
START how many people follow the official laws of the game? END
START out of the maximum amount of players allowed, one must be a what? END
START the maximum amount of players exclude what? END
START what is the maximum amount of players allowed? END
START if there's a minimum amount of players it's usually what? END
START players are usually strategically placed by who? END
START what position is not required for either team? END
START what is not excluded from the maximum amount of players? END
START what amount of players is not allowed? END
START who does not usually place players strategically? END
START what position is not allowed on either team? END
START the equipment a player wears is also called a what? END
START what is highly recommended by medical experts for male players? END
START who wears clothing that easily sets them apart from everyone else on the field? END
START wearing anything that could be dangerous is what? END
START what is not required but can be chosen to protect a player from head injuries?  END
START what is the equipment a player wears never called? END
START what is highly recommended by medical experts for female players? END
START who wears clothing that matches everyone else on the field? END
START wearing anything that could be dangerous is never what? END
START what is required to protect a player from head injuries? END
START imperial units where once used to express the dimensions of a what? END
START laws were formulated in what country? END
START what unit of measurement is now expressed by the laws? END
START the use of imperial units is still popular in what kind of countries? END
START what have imperial units never been used to express the dimensions of? END
START what country never formulated laws? END
START what unit of measurement can't be expressed by the laws? END
START what kind of countries are imperial units not considered popular? END
START what is the range for the length for international matches in meters? END
START in what year did the ifab initially approve a fixed size as a standard pitch dimension for international matches? END
START when was the ifab's decision on the fixed size of the pitch become implemented?  END
START what is the range for the length of fields for non international matches in meters? END
START what is the range for the width for international matches in meters? END
START what is the range for the height for local matches in meters? END
START what year did the ifab initially reject a fixed size as a standard pitch dimension for international matches? END
START what is the range for the depth for international matches in meters? END
START what decision was recently implemented? END
START what is the length of the pitch for international child matches? END
START what is the penalty area marked by? END
START a penalty foul by the defending team can be punishable by a what? END
START how many meters from the goalpost does a penalty area extend?  END
START only who can handle the ball with his hands? END
START what is the penalty area hidden by? END
START what can not be used to punish a penalty foul? END
START how many miles from the goalpost does a penalty area extend? END
START who can't handle the ball with his hands? END
START where do markings not define the position of the ball? END
START how many periods are in a standard football match? END
START how long are each period in a standard football match? END
START what are the periods in a football match called? END
START who gets to decide how long stoppage time can go on for? END
START in what year did an incident help introduce added time? END
START how many periods are in a non-standard football match? END
START how long are each period in a non-standard football match? END
START what are the periods in a football match never called? END
START who has no influence on how long stoppage time can go on for? END
START what year did an incident reduce additional time? END
START matches where a winner must be decided is called what type of competitions? END
START extra time has two periods which each are how long in minutes? END
START what are penalty shootouts officially known as in the laws of the game? END
START which goals count to the final score of the game?  END
START when a winner must not be decided what type of match is this? END
START how long are extra time periods in hours? END
START what are penalty shootouts not known as in the laws of the game? END
START which goals do not count toward the final score of the game? END
START who experimented with creating winners without requiring penalty shootouts? END
START what is the golden goal? END
START who was the first team to win using the golden goal to their advantage? END
START what team did france beat in 1998? END
START what year did the czech republic lose in the final of euro? END
START who experimented with creating losers by requiring penalty shootouts? END
START what is the golden goat? END
START who was the last team to win using the golden goal to their advantage? END
START what team did france beat in 1995? END
START what year did the czech republic win in the final of euro? END
START which card does a referee use to signal a caution to a player? END
START how many yellow cards lead to a red card? END
START what does a red card mean? END
START a referee gives out a yellow card and writes down the players name in his notebook which is called being what? END
START managers and support staff is considered what and thus cannot be shown a card? END
START which card does a referee avoid to signal a caution to a player? END
START how many yellow cards lead to a blue card? END
START what does a blue card mean? END
START what is it called when a referee gives out a green card? END
START who can always be shown a card? END
START players who are sent off in a game are often faced with what? END
START sometimes clubs can do what if they feel that a punishment was too harsh? END
START football associations enforce what kind of conduct? END
START what do players who are sent off in a game never faced with? END
START what can clubs do if they feel that a punishment was not harsh enough? END
START what kind of conduct is never enforced by football associations? END
START what is never allowed as recourse for player suspensions? END
START which year was there not a summer olympic game? END
START in what year was a women's tournament added to the summer olympics? END
START what year were professional players allowed to play in the  summer olympics?  END
START what is the age limit on the olympic men's tournament?  END
START what was the first year that there was a football tournament at the summer olympics?  END
START which year was there not a winter olympic game? END
START what year was a men's tournament added to the summer olympics? END
START what year were novice players allowed to play in the summer olympics? END
START what is the age requirement on the olympic men's tournament? END
START what was the last year that there was a football tournament at the winter olympics? END
START what does uefa stand for? END
START the fifa confederations cups is usually considered a warm-up for what? END
START what do winners of the continental competition get to do? END
START what does caf stand for? END
START what does uefa stand against? END
START what is considered a warm-up for the fifa confederations cups? END
START what do losers of the continental competition get to do? END
START what does caf oppose? END
START what are the least prestigious competitions called? END
START what do teams gain for doing well throughout the season? END
START what is the name for the type of tournament teams play in regular season? END
START what could happen to the top few teams at the end of the season? END
START what happens to the teams at the bottom of the ranks at the end of the season? END
START who operate league systems? END
START what do teams lose for doing well throughout the season? END
START what is the name for the type of tournament teams play in off-season? END
START who avoid league systems? END
START what happens to the worst team at the end of the season? END
START which teams are banned from competition? END
START what is one who replaces a player during a game called? END
START what is the maximum number of substitutions during most professional games? END
START who decides on who's rewarded points for abandoned games? END
START what is one who injures a player during a game called? END
START what is the minimum number of substitutions during most professional games? END
START who decides on who's rewarded points for completed games? END
START who can not be replaced during the course of the game? END
START who were the british monarchs of the house of hanover from august 1714 to june 1830? END
START what was the 19th century revival of georgian architecture in the united states referred to as? END
START between what years was georgian architecture in style? END
START what was the name given to the 20th century great british revival georgian architecture. END
START what was the name of the house of the monarchs in power from 1714 and 1830? END
START what type of architecture was current before 1714? END
START what was the name of the 20th centry revival in the united states? END
START what was the name of the 19th century revival in great britian? END
START what is the american term georgian restricted to? END
START what classical architecture is georgian architecture based on? END
START what type of architecture did georgian replace? END
START where is ornament typically not found in georgian architecture? END
START what does georgian architecture have a distaste for? END
START where is ornament typically found one georgian architecture? END
START and what type of architecture is ornament normally not restrained? END
START what type of building to do georgian. bring renaissance architecture to? END
START during the period of georgian architecture what did landowners turn into? END
START where do many buildings constructed during the period of georgian architecture still exist today? END
START what benefit convinced many wealthy people to move into town during this time? END
START what part of the world was mostly dominated by georgian architecture? END
START what quality were the buildings constructed during that time? END
START who did landowner sell to during the georgian period? END
START during what period did rows of unique terraced houses become the norm? END
START where were the wealthy and poor persuaded to live? END
START in what part of the world was there moderate amount of building END
START why did so few georgian buildings survived for two centuries or more? END
START what high sounding title was adopted by anyone who could get away with it? END
START how did most georgian design styles disseminate? END
START how did styles disseminate before georgian architecture? END
START which american author received editions of georgian architecture? END
START what years were william halfpenny active? END
START what high sounding title was reserved for professionals before the mid-century?? END
START after what time did anybody you could get away with using the title architect do so? END
START what did landowners still design? END
START what style of architecture disseminated through the new professional architecture? END
START from what century on the architect's and craftsmen stop learning the georgian style? END
START what style did georgian succeed? END
START which architect was a transitional figure? END
START which book did colen campbell write? END
START what became very popular with wealthy patrons during this period? END
START what venetian spent most of his career in england? END
START what style succeeded georgian? END
START what was the name of the venetian who is prominent in the early georgian period? END
START what common tour was not popular among wealthy patrons? END
START what book did richard boyle right? END
START what country continues to have a dominant influence? END
START what are the whimsical alternatives of palladian architecture? END
START gothic and chinoiserie were the english-speaking world's equivalent of what style? END
START john nash was one of the most prolific architects of which style? END
START who were two leading exponent of the greek revival style? END
START around what year was the greek revival added to the repertory? END
START what style was the english-speaking world's equivalent of the georgian style? END
START palladian architecture is a whimsical alternative to what other two styles? END
START what modes were fashionable before the mid-1760s? END
START what style of the early georgian era was john nash known for? END
START what style architecture lost popularity after 1800? END
START georgian architecture is characterized by? END
START what was a desirable feature of georgian town planning? END
START what decorative vocabulary did georgian designs draw from? END
START what was considered a deep flaw of georgian architecture? END
START what type of architecture was known for its asymmetry and balance? END
START what was an undesirable feature of georgian town planning? END
START why were georgian additions where earlier structures remained visible so approved of? END
START what type of designs laid in the classical orders after the gothic revival? END
START what kind of ratios were used in gothic revival architecture? END
START what revived style dominated english country house architecture? END
START what was done to make houses look more impressive from a distance? END
START where was the height generally highest in palladian architecture? END
START where were areas such as kitchens, offices, and service areas generally found? END
START what floor were the main receptions rooms generally located? END
START what revised style dominated urban english architecture? END
START what was done to make houses look more impressive from close-up? END
START where was the height generally lowest in palladian architecture? END
START what led to steps going down to a mezzanine floor in grand houses? END
START what area had high windows just below ground level? END
START what tax was in force throughout the united kingdom during this time? END
START when was the sash window developed? END
START what plans became universal inside larger houses? END
START what cannot be generally deduced from the outside? END
START what aspect of windows generally varied between floors? END
START what tax was maximized by building large and regularly spaced windows END
START what increasingly began above waist height in the main rooms? END
START before this. what could generally be deduced from the outside END
START what plans were not universal inside large houses? END
START what type of window was required before 1670? END
START what was often used to hide functional parts of buildings? END
START what was occasionally visible in grander buildings? END
START what often topped pilasters of columns? END
START what designs did ornament use to avoid using the human figure? END
START what aspect of buildings became very rare? END
START what was often used too accentuate functional parts of buildings? END
START what type of courtyard became more popular at this time END
START what was typically visible from the ground? END
START what type of ornament was popular outside but not inside? END
START what was the human figure often used for? END
START where could sometimes overwhelming ornament be found? END
START what was the typical main focus of rooms? END
START what type of ceilings became commonplace? END
START what fell out of favor during this time? END
START where was very expensive wallpaper imported from? END
START what could overgenerous outside ornaments be sometimes? END
START what became the new main focus of rooms? END
START what was no longer topped with a painting or mirror? END
START what type of ceilings became rare? END
START what type of wood paneling became very common after 1500? END
START most town people lived in what type of houses? END
START what was used to protect the "area"? END
START due to new entry styles what rooms were often moved down a floor? END
START what did most wealthy townspeople live in? END
START due to the new entry style what rooms were moved up one floor? END
START what people were not allowed to use the discrete entrance to the area? END
START what were put behind the house on the same level? END
START what shape and size did most town terraced houses take on? END
START well-off continental dwellings consisted of? END
START what year did the albany convert? END
START what was the only city where working class purpose built tenements common? END
START what was popular for terraces where there was enough space? END
START what kind of town houses were tall and wide? END
START what type of dwellings formed wide apartments occupying whole buildings? END
START what shape looking out over the street was popular for terraces? END
START what was popular for terraces where space was lacking? END
START what cities contest to being the original home of the semi? END
START who conferred primacy to the eyre estate of st john's wood? END
START a plan for a semi-detached houses was dated for what year? END
START what put an end to the scheme of semi-detached houses? END
START which city is agreed to be the first to have semi detached houses? END
START what was this semi detached house modeled after? END
START what plans date back to the early 1700s? END
START what ward to disking become popular? END
START what type of house was born in the early georgian period? END
START what act spurred to building of new churches in britain? END
START the later years of the period saw the demand for which places of worship increase? END
START what were anglican churches internally designed for? END
START what were common in new churches? END
START churches filled up with monuments to what? END
START what act slowed the building of churches in britain? END
START what were filled with monuments to god? END
START what places of worship were in demand in the early years of this period? END
START what was uncommon in the new churches? END
START what was used in front of the church when funds were limited? END
START somerset house was designed by whom? END
START in what year was somerset house designed? END
START commercial projects in the late period tended to be "architectural" in what way? END
START what was considered a lesser class of designers? END
START what government building was finished in 1776? END
START all what types of prestigious buildings worse functional as mills and factories? END
START what do commercial projects early in them. tend to be? END
START what type of building like renaissance palaces regardless of budget? END
START american buildings in the georgian period were frequently constructed of which materials? END
START what was difficult to obtain and transport during the georgian period? END
START which colleges are considered examples of georgian architecture in america? END
START what material was rarely used for georgian period american buildings? END
START what comment material was easy to transport in this period? END
START what type of architecture was sparsely scattered through the english colonies during the georgian era END
START what style did was little represented in british colonies? END
START baroque style was mostly used for which buildings? END
START what is considered to be the best remaining example of a house from the georgian period and style? END
START what year was the hammond-harwood house built? END
START what building did william buckland model the hammon-harwood house? END
START what style was widely represented in british colonies? END
START what other building besides churches were calmly done in the georgian style END
START what is considered to be the best remaining example of the baroque style? END
START who built the villa pisani at montagnana? END
START what year did georgian architecture begin to be abandoned? END
START what was the rivalry between gothic revival and neoclassical referred to as? END
START what style from the united states used many elements of georgian style but with revolutionary symbols? END
START when was the battle of the styles contested? END
START what year to georgian architecture become even more popular? END
START what was the rivalry between gothic revival and classical called? END
START what style had many elements of gothic along with revolutionary symbols? END
START georgian and what other style were known as revival? END
START what was the revival of georgian style in twentieth century united states called? END
START which canadian group embraced georgian architecture as a sign of fealty to britain? END
START what toronto building was built in 1817? END
START what english born architect designed the old montreal custom house? END
START what was the georgian style cold in the colonies? END
START who embraced georgian architecture as a sign of their british heritage END
START what style was dominant in the country for the second half of the nineteenth century? END
START what manner was built in montréal in 1870? END
START when did john ostell build the grange? END
START the british revival of georgian architecture in the 20th century is generally referred to as? END
START neo-georgain style was common in britain until the end of which decade? END
START which police headquarters was constructed in 1958? END
START which architects in the us and britain still employ the georgian style for private residences? END
START the us revival of georgian architecture is referred to as was END
START where was neo-georgian style common after the 1950s? END
START what police headquarters was built in 1950? END
START who still uses the georgian style for public buildings? END
START how did the republic of liberia begin? END
START when did the republic of liberia declare it's independence? END
START when did the united states recognize the republic of liberia's independence? END
START how many slaves were freed in the american civil war? END
START what was the liberian flag and constitution modeled after? END
START what is the oldest country in africa? END
START when did the american civil war end? END
START how many liberians fled to the united states during the civil war? END
START who led a coup to overthrow the liberian government in 1948? END
START what country did liberia gain independence from? END
START how long did william tubman rule? END
START in what year did a military coupe overthrow leadership leading to william tubmans death? END
START how long was the rule of the peoples redemption council? END
START how long was the rule of the national democratic party? END
START what did the liberian civil war result in? END
START how old did william tubman live to be? END
START how many people live in the capitol of liberia? END
START when were the first democratic elections held in liberia? END
START what started the first liberian civil war? END
START what percentage of liberians live in poverty? END
START what empire was o the decline on 1375? END
START what happened when regions underwent desertification? END
START where did the people of the mali empire immigrate to? END
START who opposed the influx of vai forming an alliance with maine? END
START when did the western sudanic mali empire begin? END
START when did the songhai empire begin? END
START who conquered mongolia? END
START what group wanted to extend the influence of the vai? END
START what skills were the yun song empire known for? END
START what is "the american colonization society"? END
START when was the "american colonization society founded"? END
START the "american colonization society" consisted mostly of whom" END
START what did slave holders want to do? END
START rather than emigrate african americans wanted to do what? END
START what group colonized central america? END
START what city helped enfranchise former slaves? END
START how did many african americans feel after the abolition of slavery? END
START who preferred to live in the north? END
START what did leading activists in the north want to do? END
START african  americans were sent to the pepper coast to do what? END
START by 1837 the acs had assisted in moving how many african americans to liberia? END
START what did african americans who were moved to liberia identify as?  END
START who did americo-liberians not identify with?  END
START what did african americans moved to liberia keep from america? END
START in what year did volunteers leave the pepper coast? END
START what organization was formed by americo-liberians? END
START how many african americans migrated to liberia in 1867? END
START what did african americans moved to liberia keep secret from the acs? END
START what were natives of the pepper coast called? END
START the americo-liberians did not identify with who? END
START what were americo-liberians encounters like with tribal africans" END
START who raided the colonial settlements? END
START what did americo-liberians exclude tribes from? END
START americo-liberians set up missions and schools to do what?  END
START who did the americo-liberian settlers raid? END
START what groups killed the americo-liberian children? END
START what did the indigenous peoples envision creating? END
START the indigenous tribesmen set up missions and schools to do what? END
START in what year were indigenous tribesmen allowed to become liberian citizens? END
START who was responsible for the death of william r. tolbert? END
START on what date was william r. tolbert killed? END
START who was also executed on the day of william r. tolbert's death? END
START the coup leaders later became known as? END
START what was the prc criticized for ? END
START who led a military coup that killed the american ambassador? END
START on what date did master sergeant samuel doe become president? END
START who tried to stop president tolbert's assasination? END
START what did the united states criticize the prc for? END
START who provided financial backing to the united states? END
START what eventually happened to the rebels? END
START who intervened in the rebel crisis? END
START what did the economic community monitoring group do to intervene in the crisis? END
START during what period did the african civil war last? END
START how many liberians died in the civil war? END
START what did the economic community monitorig group cause the rebels to do? END
START in what year did rebels kill 200,000 refugees? END
START who was the leader of the economic community monitoring group? END
START what did taylor do to intervene in the crisis? END
START how many refugees were sent home after a the crisis? END
START what is "movement for democracy in liberia"? END
START movement for democracy in liberia launched attacks against who? END
START where did peace talks begin between movement for democracy in liberia and taylor? END
START why was taylor indicted by a special court ? END
START who did the rebels launch an assault on in july, 2003? END
START when did the movement for democracy in liberia begin launching attacks against taylor from the southwest? END
START when did peace talks between factions begin in nigeria? END
START who was indicted by the women of liberia mass action for peace movement? END
START when did the rebels surrender monrovia? END
START when did taylor go into exile in accra? END
START the 2005 elections were known as what? END
START who is ellen johnson sirleaf? END
START who was elected the first female president of africa? END
START movement for democracy in liberia requested the extradition of whom" END
START what was created to address the causes of civil war? END
START what elections saw the defeat of sirleaf? END
START in what year was taylor extradited from nigeria? END
START who was the first non-african president in africa? END
START what was created to address the inauguration of sirleaf? END
START who was transferred from the hague for trial in the nigeria? END
START how many counties is liberia divided into? END
START how many districts are the 15 counties of liberia divided into? END
START what is the oldest county in liberia? END
START when was grand bassa founded? END
START what is liberia's newest county? END
START how many clans is liberia divided into? END
START in what year was liberia liberated from nimba?  END
START what county became the capitol in 2001? END
START what county was shown to be the most populous in the 2006 census? END
START what counties were the first to be founded after liberian independence? END
START what is the legislature composed of?  END
START who is the house led by? END
START how many members are in a house? END
START what are the 73 members of the house are appropriated among?  END
START what is the senate made up of? END
START what is the minimum number of members in a legislature session? END
START what is a speaker elected by? END
START who serves also serves as the speaker? END
START who takes the place of the speaker when he or she is absent? END
START how many members are in a county? END
START what is liberia's highest judicial authority?  END
START how many members are in the supreme court? END
START who is the head of the supreme court? END
START how are members chosen for the court? END
START how long do members of the supreme court serve? END
START what is the highest judicial authority in anglo-america? END
START what is a blend of common law and supreme law? END
START where does customary law still exist? END
START how many members is the magistrate court made up of? END
START to what age are senators guaranteed salary? END
START what was liberia's score on the 2010 corruption perceptions index? END
START what was liberia's ranking compared to the other 176 countries? END
START what did liberia's score  and ranking  on the 2010 corruption perceptions index represent?  END
START what was liberia's score and rank on the 2007 corruption perceptions index? END
START in 2007, when seeking attention, selection or service . what percent of liberians had to pay a bribe? END
START when was the corruption perceptions index implemented? END
START what rank is does liberia come in for gender equality? END
START what did liberia score on the 2011 corruption perceptions index? END
START what percentage of liberians are from sub-saharan africa? END
START i what year did liberia score a 1.9 on the corruption perceptions index? END
START what is the central bank of liberia responsible for? END
START what is liberia considered around the world economically?  END
START what is liberia's employment rate? END
START the gdp peaked in 1980 at what amount? END
START what does liberia's economy heavily depends on? END
START what is responsible for printing $1.154 billion liberian dollars each year? END
START what is liberia's rate of isolation? END
START what has the central bank of liberia depended heavily on historically? END
START in what year was the liberian dollar equal to 496 us dollars? END
START what was the gdp per capita of liberia in 2012? END
START when did the liberian economy hit it's peak growth? END
START why did the liberian economy decline after 1980? END
START by what percentage did liberia's gdp reduced by during the civil war? END
START why was liberia's gdp growth stalled in 2007? END
START in 2011 liberia's economy was considered what? END
START when did the liberian economy reach peak timber exports? END
START why was liberia's gdp growth stalled prior to 2007? END
START in 2011 liberia's exports were considered what? END
START when was the gdp reduced by 95%? END
START in what year did gdp growth reach 5.1%? END
START what were un sanctions place placed on 2003? END
START why were sanctions place on liberian timber exports? END
START when were the timber export sanctions lifted for liberia? END
START liberia's account deficit peaked at what percentage in 2008? END
START when was liberia was granted observer status with the world trade organization> END
START in what year did un sanctions prohibit membership in the world trade organization? END
START in what year were rubber exports us$5 million END
START what happened to liberia's large export deficit? END
START in what year were world trade organization sanctions lifted? END
START what was due in large part to foreign rebels in sierra leone? END
START liberia has the highest ratio of what? END
START how much money has the us invested in liberia since 2006? END
START what agreement did liberia sign n 2006? END
START how long has firestone tire and rubber company ran a rubber plantation in liberia?  END
START in what year did liberia invest us$16billion in foreign markets? END
START what industries grew under the sirleaf administration? END
START who operated the world's first rubber plantation in liberia since 1926? END
START what agreement did foreign investors sign in 2006? END
START liberia has the lowest ratio of what? END
START what is the largest ethnic group in liberia? END
START what percentage of the population are the kpelle? END
START where do the kpelle reside? END
START when did the decedents of the congo and afro-caribbean arrive in liberia? END
START congo descendants and afro-caribbean make of what percentage of liberia's population? END
START what county contains 20% of liberia's population? END
START what is the largest ethnic group in congo? END
START when did the decendents of west indian settlers arrive in liberia? END
START americo-liberian descendants make up what percentage of african americans? END
START who established political control in the 18th century? END
START there is high percentage of interracial marriage between what two groups? END
START the interracial couples in liberia result in what? END
START where do liberians of european decent live? END
START the liberian constitution restricts citizenship of whom? END
START who became a part of the athletic community? END
START what is there is a high percentage of between liberians and west african nationals? END
START where do liberians of black african descent live? END
START the business community results in what? END
START where do a small minority of indians live? END
START what was the literacy rate in liberia in 2010? END
START how intense is the enforcement of school attendance? END
START on average children attain how many years of education? END
START what is liberia's education system hampered by? END
START what was he literacy rate of liberia prior to 2010? END
START what is free and compulsory from the ages of 6 to 18? END
START what is the country's environmental sector hampered by? END
START for how many years do children play sports on average? END
START how intense is the enforcement of school dress code? END
START what is the name of the hospital in monrova? END
START what is the life expectancy in liberia? END
START what was the fertility rate of women in 2012? END
START what was the maternal mortality rate in 2010? END
START what were the hiv infection rates in 2007? END
START what is the life expectancy in monrovia? END
START what was the fertility rate of women in 2010? END
START what was the maternal mortality rate in 2012? END
START how many cases of hiv were reported in 2008? END
START what percentage of men are estimated to have undergone male genital mutilation? END
START what arts does liberia have a rich history of? END
START in what years did liberia host national fairs?  END
START who is martha ann ricks? END
START who did martha ann ricks present the famed liberian coffee tree to? END
START what did president ellen johnson sirleaf have installed in her presidential office? END
START in what years did liberia host coffee festivals? END
START who did martha ann ricks present the quilting skills to? END
START what arts were brought to liberia by queen victoria? END
START what kind of tree did ellen johnson sirleaf own? END
START where did queen victoria install her quilt? END
