START what language family is somali a part of? END
START what part of the afro-asiatic language family is somali a part of? END
START what is the majority religion of somalis? END
START how many people of somali ethnicity live in somalia? END
START what country has the second largest somali population? END
START from whom are several somali clans descended? END
START from what words is the term 'somali' generally regarded as being derived? END
START what does 'soo and maal' mean in english? END
START what word in arabic means 'wealthy' in english? END
START what resource traditionally comprised somali wealth? END
START what did the arabs call the northern somali coast in the 9th century? END
START what did the chinese call the northern somali coast in the 9th century? END
START in what century was the term 'somali' first used? END
START who ordered that a hymn be composed that first mentioned the somalis? END
START where was the sultanate of ifat located? END
START how long ago were rock paintings found in somalia created? END
START where are the most notable rock paintings located? END
START along with animals, what is depicted on the rock paintings of laas geel? END
START where does a notable rock painting of a man on horseback exist? END
START in what geographic part of somalia are these rock paintings commonly found? END
START along with the hargesian culture, what culture was present in somalia in the stone age? END
START what undeciphered writings were found alongside the rock paintings? END
START during what period did the doian culture thrive? END
START in what country is the oldest evidence of ceremonial burial in the horn of africa located? END
START from what millennium do the oldest cemeteries in the horn of africa date? END
START at what site were important paleolithic stone tools found? END
START in what geographic part of somalia were important paleolithic stone tools found? END
START what economic activity in the horn of africa did the ancient somalis connect to the rest of the world? END
START along with myrrh and spices, what important luxury did ancient somali merchants provide? END
START along with the ancient phoenicians, egyptians and babylonians, what ancient people regarded myrrh as a luxury? END
START what ancient land was connected to the modern somali people? END
START what nation did the land of put have a close relationship with? END
START who was a queen of egypt during the time when punt and egypt were close? END
START along with houses of dressed stone, what ancient architecture may have been influenced by egypt? END
START near what headland was mosylon located? END
START along with mosylon, malao, nikon, sarapion, opone and essina, what city-state flourished in ancient somalia? END
START along with the parthians and axumites, who were the commercial competitors of the ancient somalis? END
START what trade did the ancient somalis and others compete for? END
START what body of water separated somalia from the land where islam was born? END
START in what location was islam born? END
START what civilization was mogadishu a part of? END
START what was another name for mogadishu? END
START the trade of what luxury in east africa was once centered on mogadishu? END
START what dynasty ruled the sultanate of ifat? END
START what was the capital of the sultanate of ifat? END
START along with parts of ethiopia and somalia, in what modern-day country was the sultanate of ifat located? END
START according to al-umari, how many cavalry did the sultanate of ifat have? END
START near what body of water did al-umari say ifat was located? END
START what somali polity of the middle ages was known for its fortresses? END
START what state employed abmad ibn ibrahim al-ghazi? END
START what was another name by which abmad ibn ibrahim al-ghazi was known? END
START what state did adal conquer? END
START what somali leader received tribute from the omani empire? END
START what states supported the dervish state? END
START in what year did the british defeat the dervishes? END
START what was the capital of the dervish state? END
START in what year did fascist italy achieve full control of somalia? END
START in what year did the italian occupation of somalia end? END
START along with british somaliland, what country in the region was a british protectorate after the second world war? END
START at what meeting did the united nations give italy trusteeship of italian somaliland? END
START along with the somali youth league and somali national league, what was an early somali political organization? END
START how many years would italy have to allow italian somaliland to become independent?  END
START in what year was the british protectorate over british somaliland ended? END
START along with the haud, what area of somalia was given to ethiopia by the british? END
START in what year did the british give the haud to ethiopia? END
START the ogaden was given to ethiopia on the basis of a treaty signed by the british with what ethiopian leader? END
START in what year did britain try to purchase somali lands from ethiopia? END
START what people constituted almost the entire population of the northern frontier district? END
START what was djibouti called in 1958? END
START in what year did somalia become independent? END
START what was mahmoud harbi's title? END
START when did djibouti achieve independence? END
START who was the first president of djibouti? END
START on what date did british somaliland gain independence? END
START what was british somaliland known as upon achieving independence? END
START what state formed the somali republic with british somaliland? END
START on what date did the former british somaliland and italian somaliland unite? END
START who was the first president of the somali republic? END
START on what date was abdirashid ali shermarke assassinated? END
START who assassinated abdirashid ali shermarke? END
START on what day, the day after the funeral of abdirashid ali shermarke, did a coup occur? END
START who was the commander of the army when the coup occurred? END
START what was mohamed siad barre's rank? END
START along with jama korshel, who led the supreme revolutionary council? END
START what was jama korshel's title? END
START what was the military rank of salaad gabeyre kediye? END
START what name did the supreme revolutionary council give to somalia? END
START along with dissolving the supreme court and parliament, what action did the supreme revolutionary council take? END
START what did the new government nationalize along with land? END
START what international body did the new government join? END
START in what year did the new government enter the arab league? END
START what organization would the organization of african unity later become? END
START what rate did the new government's programs significantly increase? END
START along with kenya, djibouti and somalia, in what horn of africa country do somali people live? END
START in what geographic portion of kenya can somali people be found? END
START what is the name of the idea that believes all ethnic somalis should live in the same country? END
START along with the soviet union, what country supported ethiopia in its war against somalia? END
START what was the name of the conflict between somalia and the soviet union, cuba and ethiopia? END
START in what year did sanchez publish his study on somali ethnicity? END
START what language group speakers are ethnic somalis closely related to? END
START what haplogroup is present in a significant number of somalis? END
START based on the presence of the m78 subclade, where do some researchers think somalis originated? END
START what percentage of somali males had dna containing the m78 subclade of e1b1b? END
START when did richards publish his mtdna research? END
START along with egyptians, algerians and somalis, what people commonly possess the m1 haplogroup? END
START on what continent is the m1 haplogroup believed to have originated? END
START who authored an mtdna study in 2005? END
START what family of languages is the m1 haplogroup associated with? END
START when did hodgson publish his dna study? END
START according to hodgson, what ancestral people spread the afro-asiatic languages? END
START according to hodgson, what people is mostly descended from ethio-somalis? END
START according to hodgson, how long ago did the ethio-somalis diverge from other non-african ancestries? END
START according to hodgson, where did the ethio-somalis originate? END
START in what year did mahamoud publish his research? END
START in what geographic part of somalia is zeila located? END
START from whom were the early muslims fleeing? END
START along with the shafi'i, to what sect of islam do most somalis belong? END
START what is the majority religion in somalia? END
START a small minority of somalis belong to what branch of islam? END
START what is another name for a qur'anic school? END
START what percentage of students at qur'anic schools are female? END
START what government body regulates qur'anic education? END
START along with minneapolis, london and birmingham, what city contains a notable population of somalis? END
START what is the name of the mosque under construction in minneapolis? END
START along with floods, what natural disaster often spurs islamic fundraising? END
START along with universities, the construction of what educational buildings are sometimes the focus of islamic fundraising? END
START along with the horn of africa, what is a notable location where somali islamic figures have been influential? END
START what is a basic social unit of somali society? END
START in what geographical portion of somalia is the tomb of the founder of the dir clan located? END
START of what clan is the abgaal a sub-clan? END
START what practice is often used to bind different clans together? END
START according to a recent study, how many men of the dhulbahante clan married women from the hawiye clan? END
START according to a recent study, how many dhulbahante men married women of a different dhulbahante sub-clan? END
START to what clan family do the ogaden belong? END
START what percentage of dhulbahante men married women of the majerteen or ogaden? END
START what law gave somali husbands and wives equal rights over personal property? END
START what was the official name of the country in which the 1975 somali family law was passed? END
START in addition to giving spouses equal rights over their personal property during marriage, what did the somali family law give them? END
START what is the biggest ethnic group in somalia? END
START what percentage of somalians are ethnic somalis? END
START during what century did the nomad lifestyle decline among somalis? END
START why do many somalis live in south asia and europe? END
START along with djibouti and ethiopia, in what african country outside somalia can somalis be found? END
START what led to an increase in the number of somalis leaving the country? END
START along with the middle east and north america, to what continent did the somali diaspora go in the 1990s? END
START along with ottawa, calgary, edmonton, montreal, winnipeg, hamilton and vancouver, what canadian city has a significant somali population? END
START as of 2006, where did somalis rank in terms of population by ethnicity in canada? END
START about how many somalis live in the uk? END
START what percentage of somalis living in britain reside in london? END
START as of 2014, how many somalis lived in sweden? END
START in 2014, how many somalis resided in norway? END
START how many somalis lived in finland as of 2014? END
START what country is cedar rapids located in? END
START along with saint paul, what city constitutes the twin cities? END
START about how many somalis moved to minnesota ten years ago? END
START what area of minneapolis contains a notable number of somalis? END
START what is hawala? END
START what sort of meat is sold in somali businesses in minneapolis? END
START in what middle eastern country is there a notable somali population? END
START what is another name for the city center of dubai? END
START people of what nationality export more products from dubai than somalis? END
START what is the name of an airline owned by dubai-based somalis? END
START how many dubai-based airlines are owned by somalis? END
START near what city in sudan do many somalis reside? END
START in what geographical portion of sudan do some somalis live? END
START along with businesspeople, what sort of somalis live in sudan? END
START in what somali enclave in kenya have somalis invested over $1.5 billion? END
START in what province of south africa do somalis congregate? END
START what language family does the somali language belong to? END
START what branch of the afro-asiatic language family does the somali language belong to? END
START along with saho, what language is closely related to somali? END
START among the cushitic languages, which is the most well-documented? END
START before what year did studies on the somali language exist? END
START about how many people in somalia speak somali? END
START in millions, about how many global somali speakers are there? END
START along with greater somalia ethnic somalis, who speaks somali? END
START along with northern and maay, what is the third main group of somali dialects? END
START what dialect is standard somali based on? END
START what is another name for benaadir? END
START what dialect is spoken on mogadishu? END
START in what geographic part of somalia do the rahanweyn live? END
START what is the most frequently used writing script for the somali language? END
START who introduced the somali alphabet? END
START in what month and year was the somali alphabet introduced? END
START who created the somali alphabet? END
START who invented the osmanya script? END
START other than somali, what is an official language of somalia? END
START to what language family does arabic belong? END
START in what neighboring country is arabic also an official language? END
START what organization do both djibouti and somalia belong to? END
START for how long has somalia had connections to the arab world? END
START civilizations from what geographic part of africa influenced somali culture? END
START civilizations from what geographic part of asia influenced somali culture? END
START what asian country notable influenced somali culture? END
START along with northeast africa, southeast asia and india, what locale had a significant influence on somali culture? END
START somali food contains influences from what region? END
START along with textiles, wood carving and pottery, what ancient cultural activity still dominates somalia today? END
START who called somalia a "nation of bards"? END
START of what nationality is the person who called somalia a "nation of bards"? END
START what is the profession of the individual who referred to somalia as a "nation of bards"? END
START what is a notable game that is played in somalia? END
START along with sport, games, literature, dress and festivals, what is a notable somali cultural tradition? END
START what scale is used by most somali songs? END
START how many notes are in a hepatonic scale? END
START what is an exaple of a hepatonic scale? END
START along with arabia and ethiopia, what land has songs that sound similar to those of somalia? END
START what does midho mean in english? END
START in what decade were the first somali feature films made? END
START in what year was the sfa founded? END
START who was the representative of the somali film agency in rome? END
START what are riwaaydo? END
START what was the name of said salah ahmed's first feature? END
START what is a notable characteristic of somali art? END
START along with wood carving, architecture and pottery, what is a notable somali artistic tradition? END
START in what geographic region of somalia are ancient rock paintings located? END
START what animals are depicted on the mogadishan canopies? END
START in what area of somalia can one find the tombs decorated with plants? END
START what do somali women wear on their feet during eid? END
START along with triangular shapes, what are common henna designs in somalia? END
START what do somali women traditionally put around their eyes? END
START from what ancient region did kuul application come? END
START what activity is often held before somali weddings? END
START what sport do somalis most enjoy? END
START what is the name of the somali national football team? END
START in what year did the ocean stars first compete in the olympics? END
START along with liban abdi, ayub daud and abdisalam ibrahim, who is a notable somali football player? END
START along with the somalia cup, what is an important somali football competition? END
START when did the 1981 fiba african championship take place? END
START who hosted the 1981 fiba african championship? END
START in what city did the 1981 fiba african championship take place? END
START for what nation did hussein ahmed salah compete? END
START who did mohammed ahmed compete for in the olympics? END
START who came in fourth in the 2013 open world taekwondo challenge cup? END
START what medal did faisal jeylani aweys win in the 2013 open world taekwondo challenge cup? END
START where did the 2013 open world taekwondo challenge cup take place? END
START along with thai boxing, in what has mohamed jama won a european title? END
START what is a koofiyad? END
START what do somali men wear when they aren't wearing western clothing? END
START where is the macawis worn? END
START what piece of clothing is the macawis similar to? END
START aside from the koofiyad, what do somali men wear on their head? END
START what is the jellabiya? END
START along with jellabiyad, what is the jellabiya called in somali? END
START in what region do men commonly wear the jellabiya? END
START what is the regular garment of somali women? END
START what is the guntiino normally made from? END
START what is the usual formal attire for somali women? END
START along with silk, saree fabric or chiffon, what might the dirac be made out of? END
START what is the underskirt of the dirac called? END
START what is the name of the headscarf worn by married women? END
START what is the name of the shawl that married women wear on their upper bodies? END
START along with abaya, what is a traditional arab garment sometimes worn by somali women? END
START what is the jewelry worn by somali women commonly made from? END
START along with anklets, what pieces of jewelry are traditionally worn by somali women? END
START what type of jewelry do somali women wear at their weddings? END
START in what year was the somali flag invented? END
START who devised the somali flag? END
START what was mohammed awale liban by profession? END
START what is the star at the center of the somali flag called? END
START how many points does the star of unity have? END
START what is the one culinary tradition that is present among all somali regional cuisines? END
START what type of meat is never present in halal dishes? END
START what beverage is not halal? END
START along with alcohol, what liquid is never present in halal food? END
START what is the english word for qado? END
START what is bariis in english? END
START what is the most popular variety of bariis? END
START when is the latest a somali might eat dinner during ramadan? END
START after what event during ramadan is dinner served? END
START what is another term for xalwo? END
START along with wedding receptions, when is xalwo often consumed? END
START what do the somalis call frankincense? END
START what is the english word for cunnsi? END
START what do the somalis call incense burners? END
START when did somalis begin to render their language using the latin alphabet? END
START who is the most well-known modern somali writer? END
START in what year did nuruddin farah win the neustadt international prize for literature? END
START who wrote ignorance is the enemy of love? END
START who won the 2010 betty trask prize? END
START what is the somali system of customary law? END
START in what century did the xeer system begin? END
START in what region did the xeer system develop? END
START what fact about somali legal terms implies that xeer developed locally? END
START in the xeer system, what are judges called? END
START what does xeer boggeyaal mean in english? END
START what does the xeer system call attorneys? END
START by what term are witnesses known in the xeer system? END
START what does the xeer system call cops? END
START along with somalo-islamic architecture, what influences modern somali architecture? END
START along with the early modern and ancient, during what period did somali architecture exist? END
START what material was used to make somali cities? END
START what do somalis call their ancient pyramids? END
START what were taalo used for? END
START what were ancient somali houses made out of? END
START ancient somali houses were similar to houses in what country? END
START what is a notable stone wall built in ancient somalia? END
START during what period was the muslim faith introduced to somalia? END
START along with arabian influences, where did architectural influences come from in the medieval period? END
START in the medieval period, what buildings were notably built atop older ruins? END
START along with sundried bricks and coral stone, what construction material was widely used after the introduction of islam? END
START before islam was introduced, what was a common building material in somalia? END
START what is the academic study of the somali people called? END
START along with sociology, linguistics, historiography and archaeology, what field is part of somali studies? END
START along with chronicles and records, what indigenous sources are used in somali studies? END
START what is the name of the annual gathering of somali studies scholars? END
START when did the international congress of somali studies begin? END
START in what century did the middle ages begin? END
START what century saw the end of the middle ages? END
START what event marked the beginning of the middle ages? END
START along with the renaissance, what era occurred at the end of the middle ages? END
START what is the first period of the three that western history is traditionally divided into? END
START along with the movement of peoples, invasion and depopulation, what event started in late antiquity and continued into the middle ages? END
START in what state did barbarian invaders establish kingdoms? END
START what empire was north africa previously a part of? END
START in what century did the caliphate conquer north africa? END
START in what year did italians discover the code of justinian? END
START what year marked the beginning of the high middle ages? END
START what event led to larger crop yields in the high middle ages? END
START what was the name of the economic system that organized peasants into villages owing labor and rent to nobles? END
START what was the name of the political system that gave rents to knights in return for military service? END
START in what year did the crusades begin? END
START when did the black death end? END
START in what period of the middle ages did the black death occur? END
START what portion of the european population died in the black death? END
START what era occurred after the late middle ages? END
START along with controversy and schism, what upset the peace of the church during the late middle ages? END
START along with antiquity and the middle ages, what is the other major division of european history? END
START how many major periods is european history divided into? END
START what is another name for antiquity? END
START along with the six ages, what other scheme did writers in the middle ages use to divide history? END
START what writer referred to the christian period as new? END
START who wrote the history of the florentine people? END
START when was the history of the florentine people published? END
START who first divided history into the ancient, medieval and modern periods? END
START what date is usually given as the beginning of the middle ages? END
START who was the first writer to date the middle ages from 476? END
START when is the middle ages generally considered to have ended? END
START in what year did the turks conquer constantinople? END
START when did ferdinand ii die? END
START in what century did the roman empire achieve its greatest extent? END
START in what century did the revival of persia occur under the sassanids? END
START how much did the size of the roman army increase in the 3rd century? END
START what did the need for increased revenue to pay for the roman army lead to an increase in? END
START what is another term for the roman landowning class? END
START in what year did diocletian begin his reign? END
START when was the roman empire split into western and eastern administrative divisions? END
START what was the name of the city previously located on the site of constantinople? END
START during what century was the roman conversion to christianity considered complete? END
START when did the rule of constantine end? END
START in what year did the ostrogoths settle in the roman empire? END
START who invited the ostrogoths to settle in the roman empire? END
START in what province did the ostrogoths settle? END
START at what battle was the emperor valens killed? END
START when did the battle of adrianople occur? END
START who was the last western roman emperor? END
START when did the reign of the last western roman emperor end? END
START what is another name for the eastern roman empire? END
START what eastern roman emperor reconquered italy? END
START when did justinian's reign end? END
START when did aspar die? END
START what year saw the death of gundobad? END
START what notable roman figure died in 408? END
START the loss of what led to the differentiation between the western roman empire and the new kingdoms? END
START rather than taxes, what did the new kingdoms use to support their armies? END
START in what century did the ostrogoths arrive in italy? END
START what ostrogothic leader led his people into italy? END
START who destroyed the burgundian kingdom in 436? END
START in what part of europe did the burgundians settle? END
START who was the first notable king of the franks? END
START people of what ethnicity settled in the balkan peninsula? END
START in what geographic region did most of the invaders settle in gaul? END
START what is the collective name for languages derived from latin? END
START what language was spoken in the byzantine empire? END
START what languages were spoken by the slavs? END
START in what century did the economic revival in the eastern roman empire end? END
START in what century was there peace with one of rome's traditional enemies? END
START where did most of the invasion in the eastern roman empire take place? END
START what year saw the completion of the theodosian code? END
START who was emperor when the corpus juris civilis was compiled? END
START who defeated the eastern roman empire near adrianople in 551? END
START what tribe received tribute from the eastern roman emperors in the 6th century? END
START near what river were the avars originally based? END
START during the reign of what emperor did the persians occupy egypt? END
START in what year did the reign of maurice end? END
START what author would jerome rather read than the bible? END
START in what year did jerome die? END
START in what century did gregory of tours live? END
START along with art, how was religious instruction commonly received in the late 6th century? END
START when was the death of sidonius apollinaris? END
START what was the focus of aristocratic culture during this period? END
START along with gold, what luxury was present on the clothes of the elite? END
START along with loyalty and honor, what virtue did the elite value? END
START in what society did women have status as abbesses? END
START in what country did gregory of tours live? END
START how many people might live in a large peasant settlement? END
START what was a way in which a free peasant might become an aristocrat? END
START in what century did written records of peasant life begin to appear? END
START along with aristocratic writers, where do contemporary written descriptions of peasants come from? END
START what field produces most of the finding about peasants from this era? END
START about how many people lived in rome at the end of the 500s? END
START what new use was found for roman temples? END
START what group was notably persecuted after the roman empire converted to christianity? END
START what was the ethnicity of a leader who converted to judaism in this era? END
START what was the dominant religion of persia before islam? END
START in what yer did muhammad die? END
START in what period did islamic armies conquer syria? END
START in what century did muslims conquer north africa? END
START in what year did the battle of poitiers take place? END
START what islamic dynasty followed the umayyad? END
START what was the capital of the abbasid state? END
START what dynasty ruled egypt in this period? END
START what group conquered southern france from muslim forces? END
START along with naples, what city still traded african goods in the 7th century? END
START what event led to african goods no longer being traded in western europe by the end of the 7th century? END
START what non-local goods have archaeologists typically found in britain of this era? END
START during what century did gold coinage cease? END
START coinage from what metal replaced gold coinage? END
START what was the anglo-saxon silver coin called? END
START what was another name for the denarius? END
START in what part of europe were gold coins still minted? END
START what language was used by the eastern church? END
START what language did the western church use? END
START when did the eastern and western churches split? END
START over what issue did the eastern and western churches split? END
START what was the eastern church subsequently known as? END
START when did gregory the great become pope? END
START about how many of gregory's letters were concerned with constantinople or italy? END
START in what region of western europe did the pope have influence? END
START when did the gregorian mission travel to britain? END
START when did columbanus die? END
START what religious lifestyle arose in the early middle ages? END
START who was the pioneer of cenobitism? END
START who composed the benedictine rule? END
START from what part of england did bede come? END
START what was the title of the leader of a monastery? END
START along with austrasia and neustria, what kingdom was originally part of the frankish kingdom? END
START what dynasty ruled neustria? END
START from whom did the rulers of the merovingian dynasty trace their ancestry? END
START what was the title of pippin? END
START what leader was victorious at the battle of poitiers? END
START what dynasty consisted of descendants of charles martel? END
START in what year did the carolingians take over neustria? END
START who led the coup that gained control over austrasia? END
START when did stephen ii become pope? END
START along with charles, who was the son of pippin? END
START on what date did charlemagne assume the imperial title? END
START of what class were most inhabitants of the carolingian empire? END
START about how many counts existed in the carolingian empire? END
START in what settlements did most inhabitants of the carolingian empire live? END
START along with the british isles, with what land did the carolingians trade? END
START where was charlemagne's court based? END
START what is the name of the cultural revival associated with charlemagne? END
START of what ethnicity was alcuin? END
START in what year did alcuin die? END
START what was the latin of charlemagne's era later known as? END
START who was charlemagne's only living son in 813? END
START how long did louis the pious reign? END
START when did the reign of louis the pious end? END
START who ruled italy after louis the pious? END
START who was the middle son of louis the pious? END
START how many years did the civil war after the death of louis the pious last? END
START between what two rivers did lothair receive a kingdom? END
START in what modern country were louis the german's lands? END
START in what modern country were charles the bald's lands? END
START when did louis the child die? END
START what group settled in iceland during this period? END
START who was king of the franks in 899? END
START in what region of modern-day france did the vikings settle? END
START what group was defeated at the battle of lechfeld? END
START in what year did the battle of lechfeld occur? END
START when did alfred the great begin his reign? END
START what was the kingdom of kenneth macalpin? END
START of what dynasty was otto i a member? END
START what group did otto i defeat? END
START in what year did otto i become holy roman emperor? END
START along with sweden and norway, what country saw missionary activity in the 9th and 10th centuries? END
START along with 860, in what year did swedish raiders attempt to conquer constantinople? END
START along with the kingdom of león, what spanish kingdom was established during this period? END
START along with iceland, normandy, ireland and england, what other area did scandinavians colonize during this period? END
START of what dynasty was leo vi a member? END
START during what period did constantine vii reign? END
START when did basil i's rule begin? END
START during what century did john geometres flourish? END
START in approximately what year was bulgaria founded? END
START when were the constantinian basilicas built? END
START in what part of the church was the monumental entrance typically placed? END
START what type of architecture did the carolingian empire bring back into use? END
START what is a notable architectural feature of the basilica? END
START how is the transept positioned in relation to the nave? END
START what was the primary military arm of anglo-saxon armies? END
START what military arm did the visigoths have a large amount of? END
START what scythian weapon was used during this era? END
START what weapon replaced the scythian composite bow? END
START along with lamellar armor, what armor replaced scale armor? END
START along with carved ivories, what religious works of the early middle ages were common? END
START what is a notable cross made during this era? END
START where was a notable hoard found near the former lands of the byzantine empire? END
START what is a notable decorated book with a binding of jewel-encrusted gold? END
START where was a hoard from visigothic spain found? END
START the importance of what military arm increased during the carolingian era? END
START what region raised a militia army called the fyrd? END
START what roman weapon began to be used again in the early middle ages? END
START along with the horseshoe, what invention important for cavalry emerged in this period? END
START along with light cavalry, what military arm declined in importance during the early middle ages? END
START what was the approximate population of europe in 1347? END
START about how many millions of people lived in europe in the year 1000? END
START during the high middle ages, what percentage of the european population consisted of rural peasants? END
START along with manors, where did peasants in the high middle ages often live? END
START what was the term for the practice of giving incentives to peasants to cultivate new lands? END
START in what centuries did fiefs become hereditary? END
START in this period, who usually inherited fiefs? END
START what were castles originally built out of? END
START what group constituted the lowest nobility? END
START in what century were castles first built? END
START what group constituted the clergy along with the regular clergy? END
START what type of clergy were monks? END
START what percentage of the european population consisted of monks? END
START what social class did many members of the regular clergy come from? END
START from what class were many parish priests? END
START in what type of settlement did most jews live? END
START in what centuries did a jewish community develop in england? END
START what religion were spanish jews pressured into converting to? END
START in what part of europe did the slavs live? END
START what was the religion of the slavs? END
START along with gardening, animal husbandry and child-care, what work did medieval peasant women do? END
START along with spinning, what income-producing work did peasant women engage in? END
START what did peasant women do when it was time for the harvest? END
START what role did women fill in the church? END
START what sea were the hanseatic cities located on? END
START along with venice and pisa, what was a notable italian maritime republic? END
START who wrote the travels of marco polo? END
START what accounting method was utilized in this period? END
START in what region was gold coinage first reintroduced? END
START along with poland, what central european kingdom was formed during the high middle ages? END
START who was king when the magyars settled in hungary? END
START when did the papacy of innocent iii begin? END
START along with france and spain, the kings of what country consolidated power in the high middle ages? END
START in approximately what year did the magyars settle in hungary? END
START what dynasty controlled germany in the early high middle ages? END
START what dynasty ruled germany starting in 1024? END
START when did henry iv's reign begin? END
START the clash between henry iv and the pope was part of what greater conflict? END
START what was the regnal name of frederick i barbarossa's grandson? END
START who was duke of normandy in 1066? END
START during what period did william reign over england? END
START when did robert guiscard die? END
START what kingdom grew out of the duchy founded by robert guiscard? END
START to what dynasty did henry ii belong? END
START what was the name of the christian reconquest of iberia from the muslims? END
START how many major christian kingdoms existed in iberia around 1150? END
START along with león, portugal, aragon and castile, what major christian kingdom existed in iberia around 1150? END
START what islamic state controlled southern iberia until 1031? END
START what islamic state controlled southern iberia in the 1170s? END
START during what decade did the seljuk turks occupy armenia? END
START in what yer was the battle of manzikert fought? END
START who was taken prisoner at the battle of manzikert? END
START who conquered jerusalem from the turks? END
START during what century did the seljuk turks occupy persia? END
START what pope launched the first crusade? END
START at what gathering was the first crusade preached? END
START in what year was the first crusade proclaimed? END
START what byzantine emperor's request for assistance led to the first crusade? END
START in what year did the first crusade take jerusalem? END
START what was the purpose of the third crusade? END
START who took jerusalem in 1187? END
START in what year did the fourth crusade occur? END
START what state was founded following the fourth crusade? END
START after 1291, where did the titular king of jerusalem reside? END
START along with the baltic and spain, in what area were crusades called? END
START where was the teutonic order headquartered in 1309? END
START what military order was founded as a result of the northern crusades? END
START in what century did the northern crusades begin? END
START what century saw the end of the northern crusades? END
START what group opposed the nominalists on the subject of universals? END
START what ancient philosopher was rediscovered, leading to a revival of philosophy? END
START when did peter lombard die? END
START what was the name of the school of thought that combined theology and philosophy? END
START who authored the summa theologica? END
START what does chansons de geste mean in english? END
START along with the song of ronald, what is a notable chanson de geste? END
START who wrote historia regum britanniae? END
START what legendary figure was featured in the historia regum britanniae? END
START who was the subject of gesta friderici imperatoris? END
START what is another name for canon law? END
START what is another name for roman law? END
START where could one study roman law in 1100? END
START in what century was the corpus juris civilis rediscovered? END
START who wrote the decretum? END
START what invention led to advances in mathematics? END
START what influential astronomy text did ptomely author? END
START in what language was almagest originally written? END
START in what city was a medical school located that was notably influenced by islamic medicine? END
START into what language was almagest translated in the 12th century? END
START along with the astrolabe, windmill and distilled spirits, what was a notable technological advancement of the 12th and 13th centuries? END
START what was invented in approximately 1286? END
START near what city were concave spectacles invented? END
START what fraction of land was under cultivation using the two-field system? END
START what fraction of land was under cultivate using the three-field system? END
START what invention allowed horses rather than oxen to be used to plow? END
START what invention led to an increase in efficiency in the farming of heavy soils? END
START in addition to requiring less pasture, what distinguishes horses from oxen? END
START along with bridges, tithe barns and town halls, what notable new structures were built during this period? END
START what method, derived from the romans, was traditionally used to build ships? END
START what new shipbuilding method was invented in this period? END
START what type of rudder was introduced during this period? END
START what type of sails were first used during this era? END
START in what century did europeans become aware of gunpowder? END
START who was recorded as using gunpowder in 1304? END
START against whom was gunpowder used in 1304? END
START in what decade were siege cannon known to have been used? END
START what led to the increased use of armor in the 12th century? END
START in what century was romanesque architecture first used? END
START what feature of romanesque architecture was especially prevalent in france? END
START who noted the prevalence of wall-paintings in western churches of this era? END
START what non-church architectural structure developed in the 10th century? END
START around what year did the great wave of church-building in stone occur? END
START who was a noted figure in mosan art? END
START what year saw the death of nicholas of verdun? END
START on what wall of a church was the last judgment typically painted? END
START where are narrative biblical scenes painted in the church at saint-savin-sur-gartempe? END
START what notable romanesque metalwork is named for gloucester? END
START in what century did the gothic style first flourish? END
START in what century did the gothic style cease to be used? END
START along with reims, where is a notable gothic cathedral in france located? END
START what is a notable english gothic cathedral? END
START among which builders was the gothic style first used? END
START who noted that 14th century monks bought books in shops? END
START what form of art had the most prestige in this era? END
START when did giotto die? END
START what were many pieces of secular art carved from in this period? END
START along with duccio, what italian artist was a noted innovator in this period? END
START in what century was thought given to monastic reform? END
START in what year was cluny abbey founded? END
START in what part of france was cluny abbey founded? END
START along with rigor, what did cluny have a reputation for? END
START what reforms were named for the abbey at cluny? END
START during what century did the investiture controversy occur? END
START when did the reign of pope leo ix begin? END
START what pope was involved in the investiture controversy? END
START in what year was the concordat of worms agreed to? END
START what secular rulers did the concordat of worms increase the power of? END
START what monastic order did bernard of clairvaux belong to? END
START when did bernard of clairvaux die? END
START along with bari, what was a notable new pilgrimage site in this era? END
START along with rome and jerusalem, what traditional pilgrimage site saw a greater number of visitors in the high middle ages? END
START along with the cistercians, what new monastic order was founded in the high middle ages? END
START along with the dominicans, what mendicant order was founded in the 13th century? END
START what notable vow was sworn by the mendicant orders? END
START how did the mendicant orders make a living? END
START what was the crusade against the cathars called? END
START along with the cathars and humiliati, what group was notably condemned as heretics in this period? END
START in what years did the great famine occur? END
START what period resulted in poor weather that increased crop failures? END
START what period preceded the little ice age? END
START along with 1317–21, what span saw extreme rains in europe? END
START in what century did the european average annual temperature decrease? END
START when did the black death start? END
START how many million people died from the black death? END
START what popular uprising occurred in france during this period? END
START what english popular revolt took place during this period? END
START what italian city experienced a popular revolt? END
START by the end of this period, about what percentage of western europeans were serfs? END
START at serfdom's greatest extent, what percentage of western europeans were serfs? END
START in what part of europe did serfdom increase in this period? END
START instead of work, how did most western european peasants pay their landlords in this period? END
START what noble interest did city-dwellers start to mimic in this period? END
START in what year were the jews expelled from england? END
START what year saw the expulsion of the french jewish community? END
START along with hungary, where did many expelled french jews relocate to? END
START in what year were jews kicked out of spain? END
START along with turkey, france and italy, where did expelled spanish jews travel to? END
START along with aragon and castile, what christian kingdom was present on the iberian peninsula? END
START why did kings increase the tax rate during this period? END
START what english representative body provided consent for royal taxation? END
START what french body was similar in purpose to the english parliament? END
START what social class was harmed by the lengthy wars of this era? END
START when did the hundred years' war begin? END
START what was the nickname of edward iii's son edward? END
START when did the reign of edward iii begin? END
START along with poitiers, what was the site of a notable victory by edward iii's england over the french? END
START what decade saw the victories of joan of arc? END
START along with poland and hungary, what eastern european state grew in power? END
START during what century did portugal devote itself to overseas expansion? END
START what nation lost the hundred years' war? END
START what was the regnal name of henry tudor? END
START along with denmark and sweden, what country was part of the union of kalmar? END
START emperors from what dynasty recaptured constantinople in 1261? END
START along with the second bulgarian empire and the kingdom of serbia, what polity controlled the former byzantine balkan lands? END
START what tribe of turks emerged in 13th century anatolia? END
START in what year did bulgaria become a vassal of the ottomans? END
START who was defeated at the battle of kosovo? END
START during what years did the avignon papacy occur? END
START what is another term for the avignon papacy? END
START when did the great schism end? END
START how many popes existed simultaneously after the council of constance? END
START who was made pope in 1417? END
START of what nationality was john wycliffe? END
START in what year was wycliffe declared a heretic? END
START who did wycliffe believe should read the bible? END
START what bohemian movement was influenced by wycliffe? END
START how did jan hus die? END
START in the late middle ages, who was allowed to drink wine at mass? END
START when did thomas à kempis die? END
START in what year did the church condemn witches? END
START in what year was the malleus maleficarum published? END
START what was the malleus maleficarum? END
START what school of thought was duns scotus opposed to? END
START before roman law, what were areas of jurisprudence traditionally decided by? END
START what country did not see the increasing influence of roman law? END
START along with castile and poland, what country developed a law code in the later middle ages? END
START what platonic idea lost influence as a result of the work of ockham and duns scotus? END
START what was the main purpose of education in this period? END
START along with rhetoric and logic, what constituted the trivium? END
START about what percentage of european men were literate in 1500? END
START in 1500, approximately what percent of european women could read? END
START along with their family, who typically taught a child letters and numbers? END
START along with dante and boccaccio, who was a notable italian author of the 14th century? END
START when did chaucer die? END
START who was a notable female french author of this period? END
START in what language was most religious literature of this period written? END
START along with johannes tauler, who was a prominent german mystic of this period? END
START explorers in the employ of what nation discovered the azores? END
START what leader sponsored the expedition that discovered cape verde? END
START what portuguese explorer visited india in 1498? END
START what did christopher columbus discover in 1492? END
START what english monarch financed john cabot? END
START along with light cavalry, what military arm was used with increasing frequency in the late middle ages? END
START what troops were uniquely successful in english service? END
START what influenced the increasing development of armor? END
START what weapons were notably employed by the swiss infantry? END
START along with crossbows, what was plate armor designed to defend against? END
START what was replaced by the spinning wheel? END
START what invention replaced laces on clothing? END
START what new type of windmill was invented in this period? END
START in what country did the blast furnace first appear? END
START where did patent law originate? END
START around what year did the international gothic style flourish? END
START what is a notable masterpiece of the international gothic style? END
START along with the trecento, what period occurred in italy during the late middle ages? END
START who produced most of the hispano-moresque pottery? END
START what is a notable piece of surviving late middle age royal plate? END
START who carved the pulpit in sant'andrea? END
START along with being carved, how were altarpieces often decorated in this period? END
START when did rogier van der weyden die? END
START of what nationality was jan van eyck? END
START what does incunabula refer to? END
START along with the renaissance, during what period were the middle ages disparaged? END
START what era did renaissance scholars negatively compare the middle ages to? END
START how did scholars of the enlightenment see the middle ages? END
START what did enlightenment scholars consider to be inferior to reason? END
START what is edward grant a historian of? END
START who argued that scholars in the middle ages were rarely coerced by the church? END
START according to grant, the medieval use of reason was the forerunner the revolutionary rationalism of what century? END
START during what century was it first proposed that people in the middle ages thought the earth was flat? END
START along with autopsies, what is it erroneously believed that the medieval church forbade? END
START according to a misconception, what did the rise of christianity destroy? END
START according to another misconception, what field of study was the medieval church opposed to? END
START along with lindberg, who is a notable scholar of the middle ages? END
START what is phonology a branch of? END
START what kind of systems are the traditional focus of phonology?  END
START the study of sign language is a part of what? END
START what is articulator a branch of? END
START what kind of systems are the traditional focus of linguistics? END
START what is the study of branches a part of? END
START what is a branch of levels? END
START what kind of systems did branches focus on? END
START what part of a language can phonology as a word also refer to? END
START what is another term for phonological system? END
START aside from syntax and the phonological system, what else comprises a language? END
START what sort of language system is phonology? END
START what part of a language can vocabulary as a word also refer to? END
START what is another term for vocabulary? END
START aside from syntax and the phonological system what else comprises words? END
START what sort of language system is vocabulary? END
START what is an example of vocabulary? END
START what branch of linguistics is phonology distinguished from? END
START what kind of linguistics is phonetics considered to be a part of? END
START phonology is generally considered a part of the theoretical side of what discipline? END
START when was the phonome's modern concept developed? END
START what subfield of modern phonology other than phsycholinguistics crosses over with phonetics?  END
START what branch of linguistics is laboratory distinguished from? END
START what kind of linguistics is laboratory considered to be a part of? END
START laboratory is generally considered a part of the theoretical side of what discipline? END
START when was the laboratory's modern concept developed? END
START what subfield of modern phonology other than phsycholinguistics crosses over with laboratory? END
START what language does phonology as a word come from? END
START what greek word is -logy derived from? END
START who in 1939 defined phonology? END
START a distinction was drawn between language and what? END
START when did lass write about phonology? END
START what language does speech as a word come from? END
START what greek word is speech derived from? END
START who in 1939 defined speech? END
START a distinction was drawn between phonology and what? END
START when did lass write about speech? END
START what type of grammar was phonology first a part of? END
START what is the name of ancient sanskrit grammar? END
START who first composed the ashtadhyayi? END
START during what time period did panini do his work? END
START what other text was related to the ashtadhyayi? END
START what type of grammar were phenomes first a part of? END
START what is the name of ancient phenome grammar? END
START who first composed the sanskrit language? END
START during what time period did the sanskrit language begin? END
START what other text was related to morphology? END
START when was the phoneme as a concept introduced? END
START who was jan baudouin de courtenay's student? END
START what nationality was de courtenay? END
START what was de courtenay's profession? END
START who was influenced by  jan baudouin de courtenay? END
START when was allophony as a concept introduced? END
START who was jan baudouin de courtenay's father? END
START what nationality was kruszewski? END
START what was kruszewski's profession? END
START who was influenced by mikolaj kruszewski? END
START what was nikolai trubetzkoy's publication? END
START when was principles of phonology published? END
START what is trubetzkoy considered to have founded? END
START what school was trubetzkoy a member of? END
START what was trubetzkoy's title? END
START what was baudouin de courtenay's publication? END
START when was principles of phonology made into a movie? END
START what is de courtenay considered to have founded? END
START what school was de courtenay a member of? END
START what was de courtenay's title? END
START when was the sound pattern of english published? END
START other than chomsky who else published the sound pattern of english? END
START besides the syllable what was downplayed as a result of spe's influence on phonological theory? END
START what other discipline was combined with phonology by the generativists? END
START when were expansion rules published? END
START other than chornsky who else published expansion rules? END
START besides the syllable what was downplayed as a result of spe's influence on expansion rules? END
START what other discipline was combined with expansion by the generativists? END
START what are from a universally important syllable? END
START whose publications started the theory of natural phonology? END
START according to stampe what is phonology based on? END
START aside from being active what other condition can the universal phonological processes exist in? END
START who is the number two natural phonologist?   END
START who was the founder of natural morphology? END
START whose publications started the theory of universal input? END
START according to stampe what is universal input based on? END
START aside from being active what other condition can the natural morphology exist in? END
START who is the number two universal processor? END
START who was the founder of active utterance? END
START who founded autosegmental phonology? END
START when did john goldsmith share his work? END
START what did autosegmental phonology morph into? END
START who founded operating tiers? END
START when did john goldsmith publish his work? END
START what did operating tiers morph into? END
START what are no longer seen as operating on lexical phonology? END
START what became the standard theory of phenomes? END
START when was government phonology first seen? END
START jonathan kaye is an important person in what form of phonology? END
START what is responsible for differences in surface realizations according to government phonology? END
START when were government principles first seen? END
START jonathan kaye is an important person in what form of conflict? END
START what is responsible for differences in surface realizations according to government conflict? END
START what vary according to their selection of government? END
START what is true of all languages' field parameters? END
START when did prince and smolensky develop their theory? END
START where was optimality theory created? END
START aside from alan prince who brought optimality theory to morphology? END
START who were prominent critics of optimality theory? END
START when did prince and smolensky develop pronunciation? END
START where was dominant theory created? END
START aside from alan prince who brought dominant theory to morphology? END
START who were prominent critics of dominant theory? END
START who are proponents of dominant phonology? END
START what followed government phonology? END
START where is government phonology popular? END
START what theory is seen more in the us? END
START what followed government optimality? END
START where is descendant phonology popular? END
START what government idea is seen more in the uk? END
START what has a greater following in france? END
START what began in the united states? END
START what is evolutionary phonology an integrated approach to? END
START what is combined to sound patterns by evolutionary phonology? END
START when did evolutionary phonology come into being? END
START what sort of approach did evolutionary phonology take? END
START what is recent diachronic an integrated approach to? END
START what is combined to sound patterns by recent patterns? END
START when did  diachronic come into being? END
START what sort of approach did recent diachronic take? END
START what was initiated with sound accounts? END
START what are the units called that traditional phonology studies? END
START what is another word for variations? END
START what is the opposite of aspirated? END
START what are the minimal pairs called that minimal phonology studies? END
START what is another word for phoneme? END
START what is the opposite of phoneme? END
START in what languages are there minimal pairs of words for which allophones are the only contrasting feature? END
START which speakers treat both sounds as aspirations? END
START what type of language study involves trying to deduce underlying phonomes? END
START aside from finding out what underlying phonemes are there what does the phonological study of a language try to find out about the language? END
START what kind of speaker data does studying a language phonologically involve examining?  END
START what type of language study involves trying to deduce transcriptions? END
START aside from finding out what underlying phonemes are there what does the phnological study of a language tray to find out about minimal pairs? END
START what kind of transcription data does studying a language phonologically involve examining? END
START what is a frequently used criterion for deciding whether two languages should be assigned to the same phoneme? END
START what does part of the assigned transcription of a language involve? END
START what kind of linguistics describes how factors of languages change in history? END
START with the passage of time what particular things phonemic in a language are known to change? END
START in the past sounds that now belong to separate phonemes were allophones of what kind of phoneme in english? END
START what kind of linguistics describes how factors of phenomes change in history? END
START with the passage of phenomes what particular things phonemic in a language are known to change? END
START in the past sounds that now belong to separate phenomes were allophones of what kind  of change in english? END
START what cannot change over time? END
START where is historical change of time described? END
START how do speech perception and articulation findings and insights affect previous and more traditional ideas? END
START how does interchanging allophones of the same pheneme render words? END
START what does splicing words affect? END
START how do speech perception and articulation findings and insights affect previous and more traditional spliced words? END
START how does interchanging phenomes of the same allophone render words? END
START what does splicing phenomes affect? END
START what can result in recognizable words? END
START what complicates the traditional ideas of phonemes being perceived as the same allophones? END
START what are assigned to phonemes by different linguists? END
START what part of a human does language processing? END
START the phonetical similarity of what thing causes disagreements between linguists? END
START what are assigned to phonemes by different languages? END
START what part of a human does allophone processing? END
START the phonetical similarity of what thing causes disagreements between phenomes? END
START who takes different approaches to the problem of assigning sounds to allophones? END
START who differs in the extent to which they requires phonemes to be phonetically similar? END
START when did theoretical linguists turn away traditional phoneme concepts? END
START on what level do theoretical linguists consider basic units? END
START what is a name for the basic morpheme unit? END
START what is the act of analyzing morphophones called? END
START what kind of linguists are leaving the old methods behind? END
START when did theoretical linguists turn away traditioinal analysis concepts? END
START on what level do theoretical linguists consider basic approaches? END
START what is a name for the basic phoneme unit? END
START what kind of linguists are leaving the old phonemes behind? END
START when did theoretical linguists move away from the traditional concept of a morpheme? END
START what do phonemes differentiate?  END
START aside from phonemes what is studied by phonology? END
START the study of syllable structure is part of what discipline? END
START what do allomorphs differentiate? END
START aside from phonemes what is studies by geometry? END
START the study of accent structure is part of what discipline? END
START what studies how geometry alternates? END
START what is another name for syllable? END
START under what topic is suprasegmentals studied? END
START aside from bleeding what is an order of rules that define how pronunciation of a sound changes? END
START phonotactics, phonological alternation and prosody are topics contained in what discipline? END
START stress and intonation are studied under what topic? END
START under what topic is phonological alternation studied? END
START aside from bleeding what is an order of rules that define how suprasegmentals change? END
START phonotactics, phonological alternation and stress are topics contained in what discipline? END
START stress and rules are studied under what topic? END
START what includes topics such as sound rules? END
START instead of being language-specific what kind of tools are the principles of phonological analysis designed to be? END
START what other types of language have the phonological analysis principles been applied to? END
START what are the principles of phonological analysis able to be applied separately from? END
START in sign languages what are not represented as instances of speech sounds? END
START instead of being language specific what kind of tool is sign language designed to be?  END
START what other types of language have the speech sound principles been applied to  END
START what are the principles of sign language able to be applied separately from? END
START in sign laguages what are not represented as instances of analytical tools? END
START what can be applied depending on modality? END
START in computer terms, what does cpu stand for? END
START what are the devices called that are from an external source? END
START what are two things that a computer always has? END
START what were analog computers originally used for? END
START during what war were computers first used for military applications? END
START in computer terms, what does pc stand for? END
START during what war were the first digital computers invented? END
START computers in today's age are based on what that make them much faster than earlier computers? END
START how much more powerful are modern computers versus early computers? END
START when was the first known use of the word "computer"? END
START in which book, was the term "computer" first used? END
START who was the author of the book, the yong mans gleanings? END
START from the end of what century, did the word "computer" take its well known meaning of today? END
START the earliest device to help count was what? END
START calculi during the fertile crescent refers to what? END
START what was the abacus first used for? END
START when was the roman abacus first used? END
START where was the roman abacus first used? END
START in medieval europe was was placed on a table to help count money? END
START a checkered cloth on a table was used in medieval europe to help count what? END
START what is thought to be the first mechanical analog computer? END
START the antikythera mechanism was thought to be the first computer according to whom? END
START when was the antikythera mechanism discovered? END
START where was the antikythera mechanism found in 1901? END
START where is the greek island of antikythera located between? END
START who invented the planisphere? END
START who is thought to have invented the astrolabe in history? END
START the astrolabe was a combination of what two devices in history? END
START the first astrolabe with gear-wheels was invented when? END
START the first astrolabe with a mechanical calendar was invented where? END
START the sector, a calculating instrument, was invented during what century? END
START when was the slide rule first invented? END
START what is the slide rule used for? END
START what industry are slide rules still used today? END
START what was the profession of pierre jaquet-droz? END
START when did pierre jaquet-droz build a mechanical doll that could hold a pen? END
START where is the doll pierre jaquet-droz built today? END
START where is the musee d-art et d'histoire located? END
START when was the tide-predicting machine invented by sir william thomson invented? END
START who invented the first tide-predicting machine in 1872? END
START what did sir william thomson's tide-predicting machine use to function? END
START what type of mechanisms did the differential analyzer use? END
START in 1876 who lobbied for the construction of the differential analyzers? END
START during what decade were mechanical differential analyzers developed? END
START in the 1920s, who was the person who developed mechanical differential analyzers? END
START who invented the concept of a programmable computer? END
START who is considered the "father of the computer"? END
START during what century was the first mechanical computer invented by charles babbage? END
START what year did charles babbage find out that an analytical engine was possible? END
START who was charles babbage's son? END
START who created a simple version of the analytical engine's computing unit? END
START when was the mill created by henry babbage? END
START when was a demonstration by henry babbage of the mill given? END
START who invented the first analog computer in the form of a tide-predicting machine? END
START when was the first analog computer in the form of a tide-predicting machine created? END
START who created the idea of the differential analyzer in 1876? END
START james thomson was the brother of what famous figure? END
START where was the differential analyzer built by h.l. hazen? END
START the differential analyzer by h.l. hazen and vannevar bush was first being built in what year? END
START the torque amplifiers of the differential analyzer were created by whom? END
START by what decade were analog computing devices rendered obsolete? END
START analog computers remain in use in what industries? END
START who wrote the paper "on computable numbers"? END
START when did alan turing write the paper, "on computable numbers"? END
START who did turing revise the results on the limits of proof and computation in 1931? END
START a universal machine is known as what today? END
START what part of the us military developed an electromechanical analog computer to use on a submarine? END
START when did the us navy invent an electromechanical computer to use on a submarine? END
START what type of math did the torpedo data computer use to fire a torpedo at a moving target? END
START who created the relay computer, the z2? END
START when did konrad zuse invent the z2? END
START what is one of the first electromechanical relay computers? END
START konrad zuse was an engineer with what nationality? END
START when did konrad zuse create the z3 computer? END
START what was the first automatic, digital, programmable computer created by konrad zuse? END
START how many relays did the z3 contain? END
START what did the z3 operate for a clock frequency? END
START how many words of memory could be stored with the z3? END
START where did the engineer tommy flowers work at during the 1930s? END
START in what city did tommy flowers work in the 1930s? END
START the atanasoff-berry computer was invented in what year? END
START how many vacuum tubes did the atanasoff-berry computer use? END
START at what school did john vincent atansoff and clifford e. berry work? END
START who built the first colossus in 1943? END
START when was the colossus sent to bletchley park? END
START who achieved success at cracking secret german military communications during world war ii? END
START where did the british crack secret german military communications during world war ii? END
START what was the first electronic digital programmable computer in the world? END
START how many vacuum tubes did the colossus mark i contain? END
START how many tubes did colossus mark ii contain? END
START the us-buils eniac stands for what? END
START what was the first electronic programmable computer built in the united states? END
START how many times could it add or subtract a second? END
START what was the limit of its high speed memory? END
START eniac was constructed by whom? END
START where did john mauchly and j. presper eckert build the eniac? END
START when was eniac fully operational? END
START the basis for the stored-program computer was written by whom? END
START when did alan turing write his paper about the basis for the stored-program computer? END
START when did alan turing join the national physical laboratory? END
START the first outline for the report on the edvac was released by john von neumann when? END
START where did john von neumann circulate the first draft of a report on the edvac? END
START what was the nickname of the manchester small-scale experimental machine? END
START what was the first stored-program computer in the world? END
START where was the manchester small-scale experimental machine built? END
START who built the manchester small-scale experimental machine? END
START when did the manchester small-scale experimental machine run its first program? END
START what was the prototype for the ferranti mark 1? END
START what was the first available computer for the public? END
START when was the ferranti mark 1 built? END
START where was the ferranti mark 1 sent to after it was developed? END
START when was the leo 1 computer first operational? END
START when was the bipolar transistor created? END
START when did transistors start replacing vacuum tubes in computers? END
START at the university of manchester, who oversaw the building of a computer using transistors instead of valves? END
START the first transistorised computer was operational in what year? END
START what did the machine use to generate its clock waveforms? END
START who built the harwell cadet? END
START in what year was the harwell cadet built? END
START the integrated circuit of a computer was the idea of whom? END
START where did geoffrey w.a. dummer work at? END
START where created the first practical integrated circuits? END
START where did jack kilby work at when he created the first ic? END
START when was the first functional ic demonstrated? END
START what was kilby's ic made of? END
START noyce's ic was made up of what material? END
START what was the name of the first single-chip microprocessor? END
START who created the intel 4004 microprocessor? END
START where did ted hoff, federico faggin, and stanley mazor work at? END
START computing resources that are created in cell phones are called what? END
START how many tablets were sold in 2q 2013? END
START billions of instructions per second are called what in computer terms? END
START when a computer goes back and repeats instructions of a program over until an internal condition is met is called what? END
START what allows a computer to perform repetitive tasks without human intervening? END
START which computer is the harvard architecture modeled after? END
START a computer that stores its program in memory and kept separate from the data is called what? END
START a computer's assembly language is known as what? END
START programs that convert assembly language into machine language are called what? END
START computer programs that are long lists of numbers are called what? END
START programming languages are translated into machine code by what? END
START programming languages are translated at run time by what? END
START an arm architecture computer can be found in what? END
START assembly language that is translated into machine language is done by what type of computer? END
START an example of a 4gl is what? END
START what is the pro of 4gl over a 3g language? END
START another name for errors in programs are called what? END
START bugs are usually the fault of whom or what? END
START who was the developer of the first compier? END
START who first coined the term "bugs"? END
START what type of creature shorted a relay of grace hopper's computer? END
START what type of computer of grace hopper's was shorted by a moth? END
START when was grace hopper's hardvard mark ii shorted by a moth? END
START the alu of a computer stands for what? END
START input and output devices are known as what term? END
START besides the alu, input and output devices, what are the other two main components of a computer? END
START a circuit in a computer part represents what? END
START in positive logic representation a "1" represents when a circuit is what? END
START in positive logic representation a "0" represents when a circuit is what? END
START what are other names for a control unit for a computer? END
START reading and interpreting from a control unit is called doing what? END
START a special memory cell of a cpu is called what? END
START a register of a cpu keeps track of what? END
START what is a component that all cpus have? END
START in what part can the program counter be changed by calculations? END
START instructions that change the program counter are called what? END
START loops are defined as what? END
START in some cpu designs there is tinier computer called what? END
START a microsequencer can be found in what other computer component? END
START the cpu is an abbreviation for what? END
START what 3 parts make up the cpu? END
START cpus that are constructed on a single integrated circuit are called what? END
START since when have cpus been constructed with a microprocessor? END
START some trigonometry functions are what? END
START the term for whole numbers is what? END
START boolean logic consists of what? END
START computers that have multiple alus are called what? END
START how many numbers can a cell of a computer's memory hold? END
START what is the responsibility of giving significance to what the memory sees as nothing but numbers? END
START a group of 8 bits is called what? END
START how many numbers can a byte represent? END
START what is the range of the numbers that a byte can represent? END
START what part of the computer has memory cells called registers? END
START what is the typical range of registers for a cpu? END
START what type of memory can a cpu only read from? END
START what type of memory can a cpu read and write from? END
START what type of memory is always kept and kept the same? END
START a progam inside the rom of a pc is called what? END
START software stored in rom is called what usually? END
START ram cache memory is slower than what? END
START devices that give input or output to a computer are called what? END
START a mouse is what type of peripheral device? END
START a printer is what type of peripheral device? END
START hard disk drives are what type of peripheral device? END
START a keyboard is what type of peripheral device? END
START in computer terms, when a computer is switching rapidly between running each program in turn, is called what? END
START a method of multitasking that takes a "slice" of time in turn is called what? END
START a signal that stops a compute executing instructions is called what? END
START multitasking would seemingly cause a computer to run in what fashion? END
START what do a lot of programs spend time waiting for? END
START multiprocessor and multi-core computers have multiples of what? END
START how many cpus do supercomputers typically possess? END
START what is the name of a computer that has many cpus and much more powerful? END
START what system of the u.s. military's was the first large-scale system to coordinate information between several locations? END
START when were computers first used to coordinate information between many locations? END
START arpa is now known as what? END
START who funded the linking of computers around the us in the 1970s? END
START the network spread to be known as what today? END
START the ability to store and execute lists of instructions are called what? END
START the mathematical statement of computers versatility is known as what? END
START all devices that can process information can qualify being called what? END
START vacuum tubes in early computers were replaced by what? END
START transistors are typically made up of what today? END
START a computer that is made using pool balls is known as what? END
START what type of computer can break encryption algorithms quickly? END
START by what method do quantum computers solve encryption algorithms quickly? END
START computer programs that can learn are studied in what field? END
START parts of a computer that are real objects are collectively known as what? END
START parts of a computer that are not material objects are collectively known as what? END
START software stored in hardware that cannot be changed easily is called what? END
START what type of "ware" is a bios rom in a pc? END
START a bios chip is located where in a computer? END
START what type of software is stored in a bios chip? END
START processing data from input and output devices is typically done by what? END
START where is the data from input devices sent to after being processed? END
START do some countries have negative feelings towards the word "black"? END
START what is "black people" a term for? END
START do all regions perceive that term "black people" the same? END
START do some cultures not use the term "black people"? END
START can the term "black people" have different meanings? END
START do all societies use the term "black" the same? END
START what factors can affect the classification of "blackness"? END
START are mixed race people classified as black? END
START how is the term "black" defined in the united states? END
START how did european colonists use the term "black"? END
START what made up mauretania? END
START who conquered parts of mauretania? END
START during what period did mauretania exist?  END
START where were the people of the region noted?  END
START what is mauri in english?  END
START where was the arab slave trade? END
START when were the arab invasions? END
START where were numerous dark-skinned communities?  END
START when did these communities begin? END
START who are they descendants of? END
START when did moroccan sultan moulay ismail live? END
START how many black slaves did he own? END
START what did he call his slave army? END
START what did the black guard do? END
START when did the black guard exist? END
START why would a black-looking arab consider himself white? END
START where does dr. carlos moore work? END
START how do afro-multiracials identify in the 21st century? END
START who was the egyptian president? END
START what ethnicity was his father? END
START what color did he refer to himself as? END
START who was enslaved more often? END
START what were female slaves used for? END
START what did the qur'an permit? END
START what is the term for a pregnant slave? END
START what does umm walad mean? END
START who was the ruler in morocco? END
START when did sultan ahmad al-mansur rule? END
START what ethnicity was his mother? END
START what arabic term is still used for black people? END
START who still had the term "slave" used in reference to them? END
START when did the arab apartheid intensify?  END
START who felt persecuted due to the apartheid? END
START where did these people live? END
START who controlled the government? END
START what was the government being accused of? END
START who accused the arab government of practicing acts of racism? END
START who executed the apartheid? END
START who was excluded? END
START where were they? END
START what is george ayittey's profession?  END
START who was the canadian minister of justice? END
START how did alan dershozitz describe the sudan? END
START who argeed with dershowitz? END
START where did irwin cotler live? END
START what did the colonization of south africa result in? END
START what was a result of these marriages? END
START what class were africans and mixed race children considered? END
START who was included in the coloured group? END
START what does apartheid mean? END
START what act determined what class a citizen belonged to? END
START what test was used to determine if someone was coloured or black? END
START how did the pencil test work? END
START who administered the "pencil test"? END
START who was featured in the movie "skin"? END
START what year was the movie "skin" made? END
START at was age was sandra laing expelled from school? END
START what is sandra laing's ethnicity?  END
START how many generations of european ancestors does sandra laing have? END
START who was oppressed and discriminated against? END
START what era did this discrimination take place? END
START who were "coloured" people above in the class system? END
START where were the "black" areas? END
START what did south africa's constitution declare to be? END
START what laws did they introduce to support blacks? END
START who does the term "black" people include? END
START who makes the "coloured" people feel "not black enough"? END
START who is favored more under the affirmative action policies?  END
START who declared chinese south africans as "black people"? END
START what year did this ruling happen? END
START why was this classification made? END
START what chinese people did not qualify for benefits? END
START why did some chinese citizens qualify for benefits?  END
START what is another way "coloureds" can be distinguished from "blacks"? END
START what languages are most common? END
START what are less common languages spoken? END
START what types of names do "coloureds" have? END
START what type of names do "blacks" have? END
START how many sub-saharan black africans were enslaved? END
START in what time frame were these people enslaved? END
START who enslaved these people? END
START why were women slaves more popular? END
START who was assimilated into the arab slave owner families? END
START how many people in yemen have african lineage?  END
START how many people in oman-qatar have african lineage? END
START how many people in saudi arabia-united arab emirates have african lineage? END
START genetic studies have found which gene in arab communities? END
START who is seeking minority status from the government? END
START where would they be represented if minority status is granted? END
START how are africans classified in the arabian peninsula? END
START what types of communities have been reported in iraq? END
START who gave information on how blacks were classified in the arabian peninsula? END
START how many east african and black people live in israel? END
START what percent of israel's population is black? END
START when did they migrate to israel? END
START where did they migrate from? END
START where are most of the black converts from? END
START how many non-jewish african immigrants live in israel? END
START what have these immigrants sought? END
START where are most of them from? END
START what languages do they speak? END
START where are the non jewish immigrants from? END
START when did the slave trade begin? END
START where were the slaves brought? END
START where did former slaves go for work once freed? END
START what year did they begin to migrate to izmir? END
START who are the siddi? END
START who did the siddi descend from? END
START what does the word "siddi" derive from? END
START where does the term sayyid come from? END
START when was the "black power" movement in sindh? END
START who were the first inhabitants of southeast asia? END
START where do the negritos reside currently? END
START what does negrito mean? END
START what language does the term negrito come from? END
START what term is interchangable with negrito? END
START what does the term "moors" refer to? END
START what descent of muslims does "moors" refer to? END
START in medieval and early modern europe what ethnicity were lumped together? END
START where did "moors" migrate from? END
START what kind of term is "moors"? END
START who claimed that maurus was derived from the greek mauron? END
START when was this claim made? END
START what does mauron mean? END
START what is the compilation of isidore of seville's work called? END
START what was "black by definition"? END
START what are afro-spaniards? END
START where do afro-spaniards come from? END
START which spanish colony do afro-spaniards reside? END
START how many afro-spaniards currently live in spain? END
START in 2001 how many black people lived in the uk? END
START what percentage of the population was "black caribbean"? END
START what percentage of the population was "black african"? END
START what percentage of the population was "black other"? END
START when did britain encourage immigration of workers? END
START when did african states become independent? END
START who offered many africans a chance to study in their country? END
START how many students moved from africa to russia? END
START why did students move to russia? END
START migration to russia continued into many countries where? END
START where did the ottoman slave trade flourish? END
START what town had it's own black community? END
START what country is ulcinj in? END
START how many black people lived in ulcinj until 1878? END
START how many blacks served in the ottoman army during the austro-turkish war of 1716-18? END
START who has been referred to as "black people"? END
START what was the original term related to? END
START since when have indigenous australians been referred to as black? END
START what does the term relate to know in reference to australians?  END
START what was established to control the indigenous australians? END
START what did the aboriginal protection boards control? END
START were aborigines allowed to vote? END
START who reported how the aborigines were treated? END
START what year was his report from? END
START which race was growing faster after the first world war? END
START what did people fear in 1930? END
START what did this menace undermine? END
START who noted this particular fear? END
START who is dr. cecil cook? END
START who did the government want raised as white? END
START what was the goal of removing mixed races from their homes? END
START what were the mixed race individuals kept from doing? END
START what was this process referred to? END
START when did human rights for aboriginal people begin to improve? END
START what year was constitutional discrimination ended? END
START what else was included in the 1967 referendum? END
START what term was embraced during this period? END
START who said the aboriginal people started to embrace their ancestry? END
START who wrote "living black? END
START what year was gilbert awarded for his efforts? END
START what was living black about? END
START what award did gilbert refuse in 1998? END
START what was the award in 1998 for? END
START what did the improvements in quality of life increase? END
START what has the reappropriation of the word "black" done? END
START in what year were there several cases that helped to redefine aboriginal or torres strait islander? END
START what well known boxer was criticized for question someone's blackness? END
START which journalist was sued for publishing discriminatory comments? END
START who described slaves as negars? END
START where was john rolfe? END
START where were slaves shipped to from west africa? END
START what was the name of the african burial ground in new york city? END
START what does "begraafplaats van de neger" mean? END
START when did "nigger" become a pejorative word? END
START what term replaced negro as mainstream? END
START what term followed "negro" and "colored"? END
START what movement sprouted this change in rhetoric?  END
START who led the civil rights movement? END
START how did black people identify in early america? END
START what was not acknowledged by english colonists? END
START how vast was the backgrounds of the captives? END
START how was the new african american identity defined? END
START which colonists recorded more complete identities of the west africans? END
START what type of skin pigment does "black" refer to? END
START in the united states the term "black people" is an indicator for? END
START where does the us base family history of african americans from? END
START how are people defined as "black" or "white"? END
START why did the use of "african" become an issue? END
START why did blacks fear to identify as african? END
START what year did black leaders call for this change in language? END
START what group decided to keep the "african" in their name? END
START what terms did african americans use instead? END
START who argued for americans to use the term "african american"? END
START what year did jesse jackson make this argument? END
START why did jackson want this term to be used? END
START who also argued for the term "african american"? END
START why did some argue that "black" was the better term? END
START how does the u.s. census define "black" americans? END
START what classification are given? END
START what percentage of african americans have european ancestry? END
START what is the census definition not based on? END
START what did the "one-drop" rule do? END
START when was the "one-drop" rule put into place? END
START when was racial definition more flexible? END
START what war changed the way the united states looked at race? END
START when did virginia adopt the principle of partus sequitur ventrem? END
START how is blackness described in the us? END
START what defines "blackness"? END
START what is the opposite of "blackness"? END
START how does one "act white"? END
START in what regards can one "act white"? END
START who described bill clinton as "black"? END
START who was offended by clinton being referred to as black? END
START who is toni morrison? END
START why were people offended by this comment? END
START what horrible event was on-going during clinton's term that made people upset? END
START who is obama possibly an ancestor of? END
START who is john punch? END
START when was punch indentured? END
START why was he indentured for life? END
START why were his children free? END
START how many africans were shipped to the us between 1492 to 1888? END
START how many were shipped to south america and the caribbean? END
START how many slaves were imported by brazil? END
START how many slaves were imported by the british caribbean? END
START how is black identified in south america? END
START how are people in brazil classified? END
START what country has a complex way of acknowledging race? END
START how does one determine ethnicity in brazil? END
START how are people evaluated in brazil? END
START what type of skin color has a better chance of a good life in brazil? END
START what are poor whites considered in brazil? END
START what are wealthy blacks considered in brazil? END
START what does preto mean? END
START how many slaves were shipped from africa to brazil between 1500 and 1850? END
START how much of the brazilian population are descendants of slavery? END
START second to africa, what is brazil have the largest population of? END
START what was not passed in brazil during slavery? END
START what was prevalent in brazilian culture during slavery? END
START how much of the brazilian population identified as black in 2000? END
START how much identified as mixed race? END
START how much identified as white? END
START how much of the brazilian population had connections to african ancestry in 2007? END
START what has brazil avoided? END
START what is happened in the us that did not happen in brazil when slavery ended? END
START how do the us and brazil vary after slavery has ended? END
START who is the brazilian prime minister for racial equality?  END
START who is responsible for the growing pride in brazilian communities? END
START in the us, how much of what white people earn, do blacks earn? END
START in brazil, how much less do blacks earn compared to whites? END
START what rule is brazil accused of practicing? END
START what does the one drop rule do? END
START what other patterns are consistent with unequal living standards? END
START what race has a very low rate of holding public office in brazil? END
START how much of the population of salvador, bahia is black or mixed race? END
START when did the us institute the voting rights act? END
START when did new orleans elect it's first black mayor? END
START what large hurricane hit new orleans? END
START what do critics claim people of color have? END
START what has the brazilian media been accused of? END
START what ethnicity of actors are mainly used for shows in brazil? END
START what is another word for "light skinned" END
START what would scholars like the term "negro" to include? END
START what does this aim to stimulate? END
START what does the term "pardo" include? END
START what does caboclos mean? END
START the times is based in what major british city? END
START what year did the initial incarnation of the times start? END
START what was the original name of the times before changing its name? END
START the times, owned by news uk, is itself owned by what major corporation? END
START the times and its sister paper the sunday times are published by what company? END
START what year did the times change its name from the daily universal register? END
START what year did the daily universal register initially start? END
START what year did the times of india start? END
START what year did the strait times (singapore) start? END
START what year did the new york times start? END
START what year did the irish times start? END
START what year did the cape times (south africa) start? END
START what major typeface font was started by the times? END
START who was the creator of typeface font used by the times? END
START in november 2006, the times changed its font to what new font typeface? END
START how long was the times printed in broadsheet format? END
START in what year did the times change its broadsheet format to a compact size? END
START traditionally, what political spectrum did the times support? END
START what party did the times support in 2001 and 2005 general elections? END
START in march 2014, the times had an average daily circulation of how many people? END
START the complete historical file of the digitized paper of the times is online and published by what publisher? END
START what political party has the highest readership of the times? END
START the times was founded by what publisher who also was the editor? END
START the times was known as what name before it became the times? END
START what year was the very first publication of the times? END
START the first publisher and editor of the times when to prison for what crime when printed in his newspaper? END
START before the newspaper changed its name to the times, how many editions were printed? END
START in 1815, the times had a circulation of how many people? END
START beginning in 1814, the times was printed using what new kind of press? END
START the times used contributions from significant figures to build what? END
START who developed the new press type in 1814 for the times? END
START who was appointed general editor for the times in 1817? END
START in 1817, the times paper's printer james lawson passed his business to which family member? END
START peter fraser and edward sterling, two noted the times journalists, gained what nickname for themselves? END
START what kind of printing press helped increase the circulation and influence of the times back in 1817? END
START who succeeded thomas barnes as editor of the times in 1841? END
START the times was the first newspaper to send correspondents to what kind of event? END
START who was the times first correspondent with an army? END
START which war did the times first cover using correspondents? END
START what major event did the times reluctantly support in the nineteenth century despite being initially opposed? END
START the times greatly supported what bill in 1832 which reduced corruption and increased the electorate? END
START many demonstrations in the nineteenth century convinced the times editorial board to finally support the repeal of what laws? END
START during the american civil war, what classes of people did the times support? END
START the times favoured which political side of the american civil war? END
START what year did the founder's grandson succeed his father as editor of the times? END
START what is the name of the the times founder's grandson who succeeded his father as editor? END
START in the 1850s, the times was beginning to suffer from the rise in competition from what kind of press? END
START which agency often used the times for continental intelligence? END
START which century was the times first often relied upon for continental intelligence? END
START continental intelligence conveyed by the times was often superior to what? END
START which editor nearly ruined the times in 1890? END
START which energetic editor rescued the times from financial collapse in 1890? END
START which encyclopedia was the times aggressively selling to american markets? END
START who was the creator of the encyclopedia that the times was known for selling to america? END
START who later bought the well-known encyclopedia from the times in 1908? END
START who was the times' chief editor in 1914? END
START the chief editor of the times in 1914 argued that the british empire should enter what war? END
START what anti-semitic fabrication did the times endorse in 1920? END
START after publishing anti-semitic editorials in 1920, what did the times refer to jews as being? END
START what was the name of the anti-semitic article that the time's chief editor published in 1914? END
START a constantinople correspondent of the times exposed what anti-semitic document as a forgery? END
START who was the name of the the times constantinople correspondent who exposed the anti-semitic document as a forgery? END
START how did the times respond to the exposing of anti-semitic documents as forgery? END
START in 1922, who bought the times? END
START in 1922, which estate sold the times? END
START the times gained much notoriety in the 1930s because of its advocacy of what? END
START which the times editor was closely allied with the government who practised german appeasement? END
START which notable government official did the times ally with in the 1930s whom practised german appeasement? END
START who was the name of the soviet double agent who was the correspondent for the times in spain in the late 1930s? END
START a soviet double agent working for the times in spain was a war correspondent during what war in the late 1930s? END
START during world war ii, the soviet double agent who was corresponding for the times in spain in the 1930s later joined what agency? END
START in 1963, a notable double agent providing valuable and high-quality reporting for the times during a war in the late 1930s eventually defected to which country? END
START between 1941 and 1946, which left-wing british historian was assistant editor for the times? END
START the assistant editor of the times in 1941-1946 strongly supported what stance? END
START which side did the times support in the fighting that broke out in athens in 1944? END
START which major political figure condemned the times in 1944 for not supporting the british army? END
START during world war ii, the times was nicknamed what in 1944? END
START in what year did the times resume printing news on the front page instead of small advertisements? END
START in 1967, what well-known family sold the times to a canadian publishing magnate? END
START in 1967, which canadian publishing magnate bought the times? END
START what is the name of the corporation that bought the times in 1967? END
START which other newspaper was brought under the same ownership as the times in 1967 to form times newspapers limited? END
START in 1979, which corporation was struggling to run the times? END
START what crisis in 1979 caused near ruin to the times? END
START what kind of demands were causing ruin to the times in 1979? END
START a media magnate from which country bought the times in the 1980s? END
START what is the name of the media magnate that bought the times in the 1980s? END
START who did a media magnate in the 1980s buy the times from? END
START what corporation bought the times in 1981? END
START who owned the major corporation that bought the times in 1981? END
START during the acquisition of the times in 1981, john collier and bill o'neill were part of what group that did three weeks of intensive bargaining? END
START when the times was bought in 1982, who resigned as editor? END
START how many years as an editor was editor who resigned from the times in 1982? END
START in 1982, what is the name of the editor who replaced the previous editor of the times? END
START what printing process for the times was replaced by computers in 1982? END
START in 1982, the allowed print room staff at the times and the sunday times was reduced by how much? END
START which major journalist resigned as foreign correspondent of the times in 1988? END
START the foreign correspondent who resigned from the times in 1988 won how many major journalism awards? END
START the foreign correspondent for the times who resigned in 1988, resigned for what reason? END
START what stance did the times take that cause a famous foreign correspondent to resign in 1988? END
START what airplane was shot down in july 1988 that a famous foreign correspondent from the times wrote an article about that later lead to his resignation? END
START in what year did the times ceased its policy of using courtesy titles for living persons before full names on first reference? END
START what kind of style is now confined to the "court and social" page of the times when referring to the use of courtesy titles? END
START when the times ceased its policy of using courtesy titles, it continued to use them for what kind of name on references after the first? END
START in what year did news international begin producing the times in both broadsheet in tabloid sizes? END
START when the times began producing its newpaper in both broadsheet and tabloid sizes, which region did the times withdraw its broadsheet from sale? END
START the times is printed solely in what format since 2004? END
START on 6 june 2005, the times redesigned what page of its newspaper? END
START in 2005, the times dropped the practice of printing what kind of feature of its correspondents? END
START which author and solicitor has had more letters published on the main letters page of the times than any other known contributor? END
START the leading author and solicitor of the letters page in the times had how many articles published? END
START what is the name of the leading article that referenced the removal of a major feature in the times in 2005? END
START in what year was the meeting of the house of lords select committee on communications that was investigating media ownership and the news? END
START in the 2007 meeting with the government, rupert murdoch, owner of the times, stated that the law and the independent board prevented him from doing what? END
START what government committee was investigating rupert murdoch and the times in 2007? END
START in may 2008, the times switched from what plant to new plants in broxbourne, merseyside, and glasgow? END
START in 2008, the times switched to a new plant in broxbourne, which is on the outskirts of what city? END
START in may 2008, the times switched to new plants which allowed for what kind of feature to be printed on every page for the first time? END
START what major event took place in london in 2012? END
START what kind of front cover did the times issue on 26 july 2012? END
START in 2012, the times added what suffix to its masthead? END
START the times features what in the first half of its newspaper? END
START what section begins after the first half of the times newspaper? END
START what is the times current price for the daily edition? END
START what feature begins on the centre spread of the times? END
START what section is featured at the end of the main paper of the times? END
START what is the name of the lifestyle column of the times? END
START the times features a puzzles section called what? END
START what is the name of the sudoku game in the times? END
START what sports activity is featured in the times on mondays? END
START what kind of football game is featured in the scottish edition of the times? END
START what is the name of the section that features football on mondays in the times? END
START what is the name of the section of the saturday edition of the times that features travel and lifestyle? END
START arts, books, and ideas are featured in what section in the saturday edition of the times? END
START an entertainment listings guide in the saturday edition of the times is called what? END
START what is the name of the notable contributor to the times magazine columns that became the food and drink writer of the year in 2005? END
START what is the name of the winner of bbc's the great british bake off who is also a column writer in the times magazine section? END
START in what year did notable times magazine contributor, gile coren, become food and drink writer of the year? END
START nadiya hussain, a times magazine column writer, is known for being the winner of what bbc contest? END
START what is the name of the section that features columns touching on subjects such as celebrities, fashion and beauty, food and drink, homes and garden or simply writers' anecdotes? END
START since what year has the times and the sunday times had an online presense? END
START what is the url of online website for the times? END
START the website, thetimes.co.uk, is aimed at what kind of reader? END
START the website, thesundaytimes.co.uk, provides what kind of content? END
START how much does a non-subscriber of the times need to pay to read the online versions? END
START what is the name of the digital archive that holds the times historical archive? END
START the times historical archive is freely accessible online from what database? END
START what kind of reader can subscribe to the digital archive of the times? END
START visits to the times website have decreased by how much since october 2011? END
START what is the reason for the dramatic drop in visits to the times website? END
START in april 2009, how many readers did the timesonline website have per day? END
START as of october 2011, how many subscribers does the times' digital product currently have? END
START what year was harold evans appointed to editor of the times? END
START the times has a traditional rival with what other major british newspaper? END
START what is the name of the highest-selling tabloid daily newspaper in the united kingdom? END
START what is the name of the highest-selling middle market british daily newspaper? END
START which newspaper has a significantly higher circulation, the sunday times or the times? END
START as of january 2013, the times has a circulation of how many people? END
START as of january 2013, the sunday times has a circulation of how many people? END
START in a 2009 national readership survey, what newspaper has the highest number of abc1 25-44 readers? END
START what newspaper has the highest number of readers in london of any of the "quality" papers? END
START the times is found to have the highest number of readers from what age group? END
START the times commissioned what serif typeface in 1931? END
START who is the creator of the serif typeface created in 1931 for the times newspaper? END
START who commissioned the change of the typeface of the times in 1931? END
START what is the name of the typeface that times new roman is based on? END
START how many years has the times stayed with times new roman? END
START at the 1945 general election, the times adopted a stance that was referred to by what name? END
START after 1945, the times supported what party for 5 years afterwards? END
START what kind of political coalition did the times support in 1974? END
START from the 1970s until 1997, the times supported what political party? END
START after 1997, the times declined from making any party endorsements however, they supported individual candidates known by what name? END
START in the 2001 general election, the times declared support for what political party? END
START what is the name of the political party's leader that the times supported in the 2001 general election? END
START for the 2010 general election, which political party did the times support? END
START what political party did the tories have to form a coalition with in 2010? END
START what political party was re-elected by a landslide in 2001? END
START what is the name of the newspaper with the most varied political support in british history? END
START which political party is the times columnist, daniel finkelstein, associated with? END
START which political party is the times columnist, david aaronovitch, associated with? END
START in what year did the times make an endorsement for barack obama? END
START who did the times support in 2012 for the election of the u.s. president? END
START what kind of policy did the times express reservation for when concerning the political stances of barack obama? END
START what film festival does the times support that is also supported alongside the british film institute? END
START what festival is featured at asia house, london? END
START the cheltenham literature festival is supported by what major newspaper? END
START what is the name of the supplement that first appeared in 1902 as a supplement to the times? END
START in 1914, a separately paid-for supplement for the times was a magazine that featured what kind of content? END
START the editorial offices of the times literary supplement is based in what location in london? END
START in what year did the times literary supplement begin publishing online? END
START the times began producing what kind of non-newspaper product in 1895? END
START what publisher prints the times atlas? END
START what is the name of the times' atlas? END
START what is the name of the travel magazine sold by the times? END
START in what year was the times' travel magazine first sold? END
START how many pages is the times' travel magazine? END
START what is the name of britain's best-selling travel magazine? END
START in what novel was the times featured as an organ of a totalitarian ruling party? END
START what is the name of the author of nineteen eighty-four? END
START what kind of future world did george orwell create in his novel, nineteen eighty-four? END
START the author, rex stout, created a fictional detection that is fond of solving london times' crossword puzzles that goes by what name? END
START in what part of the world did the fictional detective, nero wolfe, live in? END
START the fictional detective, nero wolfe, preferred what newspaper to american newspapers? END
START the fictional detective, nero wolfe, is described as fond of solving what kind of puzzle in the london times newspaper? END
START the author, ian fleming, created a fictional character named james bond who prefers to only read what newspaper? END
START what is the name of the spy and hero in ian fleming's books? END
START in what ian fleming novel is james bond described as only reading the times newspaper? END
START in what children tv series is there is a fictional character named uncle bulgaria that asks others to bring him copies of the times found amongst the litter? END
START what is the name of the episode where the newspaper, the times, is featured and plays a central role in an episode of the wombles? END
START in the children's tv show, the wombles, what character asks others to bring him any copies of the times that they find amongst the litter? END
START in what territory is new delhi located? END
START what municipality serves as the capital of india? END
START for what territory does new delhi serve as the seat of government? END
START what municipality serves as the seat of government for india? END
START what municipality serves as the seat of government of delhi? END
START in what year was the foundation stone of new delhi laid? END
START who designed the foundation stone of the city of new delhi? END
START on what date was new delhi inaugurated? END
START who inaugurated the city of new delhi? END
START what are the two terms colloquially used to refer to the jurisdiction of nct of delhi? END
START new delhi is a small part of what larger territory? END
START delhi and new delhi are colloquially used to refer to what jurisdiction? END
START what is one name used to refer to the jurisdiction of nct of delhi? END
START how many indian cities have been selected to be developed as a smart city? END
START what is the name of the mission to develop indian smart cities? END
START who is responsible for india's smart city initiative? END
START what is one indian city that has been selected to be developed as a smart city? END
START what city was the capital of india until december 1911? END
START what is the name of the city formerly known as calcutta? END
START what is the name of the empire for which delhi served as the political and financial capital from 1649 to 1857? END
START in the early 1900s, the capital of the british indian empire was shifted from calcutta to what city? END
START in what part of india is delhi located? END
START who announced that the capital of india would be moved from calcutta to delhi? END
START on what date was it announced that the capital of india would be moved to delhi? END
START who laid the foundation stone of new delhi? END
START who is responsible for designing large parts of new delhi? END
START on what date did inauguration ceremonies for new delhi begin? END
START who rejected the proposals of brodie and lutyens? END
START which site was eventually chosen by the delhi town planning committee? END
START raisina hill lay directly opposite what religious site? END
START the rajpath was also known by what name? END
START who designed the parliament house of new delhi? END
START the construction of connaught place was completed in what year? END
START on what hill did construction of lutyen's bungalow zone begin? END
START the imperial delhi railway was built to transport workers and materials for how many years? END
START in what year did the imperial delhi railway line begin operating? END
START in what year did the new delhi railway station open? END
START a temporary secretariat building was built in new delhi in what year? END
START in what year what new delhi inaugurated as the capital of india? END
START housing for employees was built in what area during the 1920s? END
START what was the name of the last residential area built by the british raj? END
START during what decade was the lodhi colony built? END
START in what year did india gain independence? END
START in what year was delhi converted into a union territory? END
START what is the name of the act that caused the union territory of delhi to become formally known as the national capital territory of delhi? END
START the enforcement of the legislation of the constitution act began in what year? END
START in 1956, delhi was converted into what type of territory? END
START in what decade did new delhi first extend significantly from lutyen's delhi? END
START what organization developed land to expand new delhi in the 1950s? END
START what was the name of the enclave created by the central public works department? END
START in which direction did chanakyapuri extend from new delhi? END
START what was one use of the uses for the newly developed land of chanakypuri? END
START what is the total area of new delhi in square miles? END
START on what plain is new delhi located? END
START the delhi ridge is also referred to by what name? END
START new delhi is located on the floodplains of what river? END
START what seismic zone does new delhi fall under? END
START what was the magnitude of the notable 2015 earthquake that shook new delhi? END
START a 4.7 magnitude earthquake that affected new delhi occurred on what date? END
START what was the magnitude of the earthquake that affected new delhi on september 2011? END
START how many earthquakes occurred on march 5, 2012? END
START what is the geographical feature new delhi lies on that is responsible for frequent earthquakes? END
START in what type of climate is new delhi located? END
START between which months do new delhi's long summers last? END
START when does the monsoon season occur in new delhi? END
START what is the annual mean temperature of new delhi? END
START what is the highest ever recorded temperature in new delhi? END
START what is new delhi's rank in mercer's 2015 quality of living survey? END
START what is the main cause of new delhi's relatively low ranking in mercer's quality of life survey? END
START new delhi was ranked as the world's worst polluted city by what organization? END
START how many cities were tracked for pollution by the world health organization in 2014? END
START how many cities were studied in mercer's 2015 quality of living survey? END
START in what season does new delhi's air pollution worsen? END
START what method was introduced in december 2015 to reduce new delhi's air pollution? END
START new delhi's alternate-day travel scheme allowed trucks to enter the city after what hour? END
START how long is the initial trial period for new delhi's driving restriction scheme? END
START on what day of the week will travel remain unrestricted by new delhi's alternate day driving scheme? END
START on what date did the supreme court of india enact restrictions on delhi's transportation system to reduce pollution? END
START the supreme court restricted registration of some vehicles with engines of 2000 cc and over until what date? END
START all taxis in delhi were ordered to switch to what type of fuel by march 1, 2016? END
START which transportation vehicles were banned from entering new delhi? END
START new restrictions on new delhi's transportation system were enacted by the supreme court to accomplish what goal? END
START new delhi is the capital of what national capital territory? END
START what is the national capital of india? END
START the local government of delhi and the central government of india jointly administer what city? END
START what city is the official capital of the national capital territory of delhi? END
START what is the name of one government body that oversees the capital of new delhi? END
START the government structure of the new delhi municipal council includes three members from what government body? END
START what government body is responsible for nominating five members to the new delhi municipal council? END
START what government official is responsible for nominating two members to the new delhi municipal council? END
START the chief minister of what nct is responsible for nominating two members to the new delhi municipal council?  END
START what is the name of the government structure created for new delhi that is comprised of ten representatives? END
START what is the official title of delhi's head of state? END
START who is responsible for appointing the lieutenant governor of the union territory of delhi? END
START which takes precedent when a law passed by parliament conflicts with a law passed by delhi's legislative assembly? END
START what government body advises the president on appointing a lieutenant governor? END
START which government position is given most of the executive powers over delhi? END
START what is the name of the municipal government by which new delhi is governed? END
START what government body is responsible for administering other urban areas of the metropolis of delhi? END
START what is the name commonly used to refer to the entire metropolis of delhi? END
START the new delhi municipal government oversees what large indian city? END
START what form of government is responsible for the municipality of new delhi? END
START what british architect was responsible for designing much of new delhi? END
START what are the names of the two central promenades around which new delhi is structured? END
START which of the two promenades is referred to as the king's way? END
START which promenade was formerly known as the queen's way? END
START the largest diplomatic enclave in india which contains 19 foreign embassies is located along which promenade? END
START formerly known as the viceroy's house, which large building is located at the heart of new delhi? END
START the rashtrapati bhavan was formerly known by what name? END
START connaught place in new delhi is modeled after what area of england? END
START how many roads lead out of the outer ring of connaught place? END
START what major airport is located to the southwest of delhi? END
START approximately how many passengers used indira gandhi airport from 2012-2013? END
START how much money did terminal 3 of indira gandhi international airport cost to construct? END
START how many passengers use terminal 3 of indira gandhi airport each year? END
START what year was construction of terminal 3 of indira gandhi airport finished? END
START the delhi flying club was established in what year? END
START when established in 1928, which airport served as the base of the delhi flying club? END
START in what year did the government close safdarjung airport due to security concerns? END
START in what year did the delhi flying club begin operations? END
START what type of aircraft was first used by the delhi flying club after its founding? END
START in what year did indira gandhi international airport earn an award for being forth best airport in the world in the 15-25 million category? END
START what organization is responsible for awarding indira gandhi international airport as best improved airport in the asia-pacific region? END
START what year did indira gandhi international airport win an award for best airport in the world in the 25-40 million passenger category? END
START how many awards did indira gandhi international airport win at the skytrax world airport awards 2015? END
START in 2015, the airports council international gave what award to indira gandhi international airport? END
START what state-owned organization operates new delhi's bus transport system? END
START delhi transport company owns the world's largest fleet of buses powered by what type of fuel? END
START what city has the highest number of registered cars of any city in india? END
START what large metropolis has some of the highest road density in india?  END
START what type of vehicle transport system is owned by the delhi transport corporation? END
START what indian city is the headquarters of the northern railway? END
START how many main stations of the northern railway serve the new delhi area? END
START the delhi metro consists of how many stations? END
START what organization is responsible for building and operating the delhi metro system? END
START what is the name of the world's 12 largest metro system by length? END
START what is the total length of the delhi metro? END
START how many stations are there on the delhi metro? END
START how many of the delhi metro's stations are located underground? END
START how many of the new delhi metro's stations are located at ground level? END
START what organization operates the delhi metro system? END
START the delhi metro rail corporation operates under the administrative control of what government body? END
START the delhi metro project was spearheaded by what indian government figure? END
START padma vibhushan e. sreedharan was popularly known by what nickname? END
START what major award was given to padma vibhushan e. sreedharan for his contribution the the delhi metro? END
START what is the population of new delhi? END
START what are the most common languages spoken in new delhi? END
START what language is used for formal purposes by business and government institutes of new delhi? END
START what is the literacy rate of new delhi according to the 2011 census? END
START what city in the territory of delhi has the highest literacy rate? END
START what percentage of new delhi's population is hindu? END
START what is the most commonly practiced religion in new delhi? END
START what percentage of new delhi's population is muslim? END
START what percentage of new delhi's population is sikh? END
START what percentage of new delhi's population is christian? END
START what is the name of the holiday celebrated in india that occurs on gandhi's birthday? END
START what is the date of india's independence day? END
START on indian independence day, the prime minister addresses the nation from what location? END
START on indian independence day, kites are flown by citizens which symbolize what concept? END
START what new delhi celebration showcases india's cultural diversity and military power? END
START what religious festival is also known as the festival of light? END
START what cultural event showcases dancers and musicians from all over india? END
START in what location is the qutub festival held? END
START the spring festival which is held each year in delhi is also known by what name? END
START what is the name of the fruit related festival held annually in delhi? END
START the nipponzan myohoji decided to build a peace pagoda in new delhi in what year? END
START the peace pagoda built in new delhi by the nipponzan myohoji contained what type of artifacts? END
START which japanese buddhist organization built a peace pagoda in new delhi in 2007? END
START the peace pagoda built in new delhi by the nipponzan myohoji was inaugurated by which prominent figure? END
START what structure did the nipponzan myohoji decide to build in new delhi in 2007? END
START the new delhi town plan was chosen primarily to symbolize what? END
START the new delhi town plan was influenced by what type of architecture? END
START what town plan was chosen with the chief consideration of displaying british power and superiority? END
START what is one type of architecture that heavily influenced the new delhi town plan? END
START approximately how long did it take to build new delhi? END
START the architecture of new delhi borrows from indigenous sources but fits into what tradition? END
START what historian is partially responsible for the use of indigenous features in the architecture of new delhi? END
START which government official urged that indigenous features be used in the design of new delhi? END
START many of the architectural elements of new delhi borrow from what sources? END
START on what date was the national museum formally inaugurated? END
START how many works of art currently reside in the national museum? END
START what length of time do the 200,000 works of art in the national museum encompass? END
START the national museum began in 1947 with a display of what type of art? END
START in the winter of 1947, the national museum started with a display of indian art in what location? END
START what year was the india gate built? END
START the indian gate was inspired by what parisian monument? END
START the india gate commemorates how many soldiers of past wars? END
START which indian monument, inspired by the arc de triomphe, was built in 1931? END
START the india gate commemorates the lost soldiers of what army? END
START the rajpath was constructed similarly to what famous parisian street? END
START what is the name of the ceremonial boulevard for the republic of india in new delhi? END
START on what boulevard does the republic day parade take place each year? END
START what annual parade takes place on the rajpath each january? END
START on which date is the annual republic day parade held in new delhi? END
START in which location did mahatma gandhi spend the final 144 days of his life? END
START in which city is the gandhi smriti located? END
START on which date was mahatma gandhi killed? END
START in what location was mahatma gandhi cremated? END
START the raj ghat was designed by what architect? END
START who was responsible for constructing the jantar mantar? END
START in what area of new delhi is the jantar mantar observatory located? END
START the jantar mantar consists of how many architectural astronomy instruments? END
START what is one of the primary purposes of the jantar mantar observatory? END
START what is the name of the observatory built in connaught place by maharaja jai singh ii of jaipur? END
START what is the name of the major railroad related museum located in new delhi? END
START what is the name of the doll themed museum located in new delhi? END
START the supreme court of india museum is located in what major city? END
START what is the name of the modern art museum located in new delhi? END
START the national philatelic museum is located in which large indian city? END
START the buddha jayanti park is located in which indian city? END
START a notable new delhi garden is located adjacent to what metro station? END
START the gardens of new delhi are particularly stunning in which season? END
START new delhi is well known for what type of beautifully landscaped feature? END
START what is the name of one of the largest gardens in new delhi? END
START new delhi played host to what major athletic competition in 2010? END
START new delhi first hosted the asian games in what year? END
START the asian games were most recently held in new delhi in what year? END
START new delhi's bid for the 2019 asian games was turned down by the government for what reason? END
START new delhi is the annual host of what foot-race? END
START what major tennis stadium is located in new delhi? END
START what major sports venue in new delhi bears the name of the former prime minister indira gandhi? END
START the jawaharlal nehru stadium is located in which indian city? END
START in which indian city is the siri fort sports complex located? END
START the dhyan chand national stadium is located in which major indian city? END
START what was the estimated net state domestic product of new delhi for 2010? END
START the per capita income of new delhi was second only to what indian municipality? END
START what was the 2012-13 current price estimate for gsdp in delhi? END
START what was the 2011-12 gsdp estimate for delhi? END
START what is the per capita income of delhi as of 2013? END
START what is the name of the large commercial and financial district located in the northern part of new delhi? END
START new delhi's service sector has expanded largely due to skilled workers that speak what language? END
START what is one of the key service industries of new delhi? END
START prior to the expansion of the service sector, what sector was the largest employer in new delhi? END
START the large skilled english-speaking workforce of new delhi has been able to attract what type of organizations to the city? END
START according to the 2011 world health report, where does new delhi rank in terms of economic activity? END
START new delhi shares the position as the most targeted retail destination in asia-pacific markets with what other city? END
START what organization ranked new delhi 39th in economic activity in 2011? END
START major cities like jakarta and johannesburg rank below new delhi in what key statistic? END
START in which year was new delhi ranked 39th in economic activity by the world wealth report? END
START what government body is responsible for releasing the annual official economic report for delhi? END
START what was the 2004-05 state domestic product of delhi? END
START what was the 2008-09 per capita income of new delhi? END
START what was new delhi's per capita gdp in dollars for 2009-10? END
START new delhi's per capita income grew by what percentage in 2009-10? END
START what was the gross state domestic product of delhi for 2011-12? END
START the gsdp of delhi increased by what percentage over the previous year in 2011-12? END
START in which fiscal year was the gsdp of delhi estimated at rs 3.13 lakh crore? END
START did the gsdp of delhi in 2011-12 increase or decrease from the previous fiscal year? END
START in what city is the asian and pacific centre for transfer of technology located? END
START what major city is home to most regional un offices in india? END
START what is one regional un office located in new delhi? END
START the regional office of the world bank in india is located in what city? END
START the regional offices of the imf, unicef, and unesco are all located in what major indian city? END
START where does migration mainly occur? END
START why do birds primarily migrate? END
START which birds migrate? END
START what is bird migration? END
START what is a cause of death to birds during migration? END
START when was migration first recorded? END
START who recorded the earliest records of migration? END
START where was johannes leche from? END
START which species of birds were recorded 3,000 years ago? END
START what is a major threat to migratory birds? END
START which birds migrate the furthest? END
START where does the arctic tern migrate each year? END
START which bird migrates by circling the earth? END
START where do manx shearwaters migrate? END
START what is an example of a shorter migration? END
START what causes the timing of migration? END
START how do migrating birds navigate? END
START how else to migrating birds navigate? END
START what might help migrating birds navigate? END
START who recorded early records of migration? END
START where in the bible does it mention migration? END
START what bird is mentioned in the book of job? END
START who noted that cranes traveled from scythia to the nile? END
START who repeats aristotle's observations? END
START where did pliny the elder repeat aristotle's observations? END
START what kind of bird did aristotle and pliny the elder write about? END
START which bird did aristotle believe hibernated? END
START until what year did the belief of hibernating birds persist? END
START who wrote 182 papers dealing with the hibernation of swallows? END
START who wrote "the natural history of selborne"? END
START when was migration finally accepted? END
START who wrote a history of british birds? END
START what year was thomas bewick's book published? END
START where were swallows seen flying? END
START which directions were the swallows flying? END
START who describes an experiment with swallows? END
START where did this experiment take place? END
START how did the experiment succeed? END
START how long did the birds stay alive? END
START why do birds migrate? END
START what are non=migratory birds called? END
START how many species of birds are there? END
START how many bird species are long distance migrants? END
START which direction do birds primarily migrate? END
START along where do many birds migrate? END
START what is the most common pattern of migration in the spring? END
START what is the most common directionof migration in autumn? END
START why do the birds fly north? END
START what is the primary motivation for migration? END
START which birds will not migrate if they are well fed through winter? END
START when do the birds return to warmer regions? END
START what do the longer days of summer provide the birds? END
START what do diurnal birds produce as opposed to non migratory species? END
START what is hightened during migration? END
START where do eleonora's falcon breed? END
START what do eleonora's falcon feed their young? END
START what preys on nocturnal passerine migrants? END
START what makes birds prone to parasites and pathogens? END
START what is partial migration? END
START where is partial migration most common? END
START in australia, what percent of non-passerine birds are partially migratory? END
START in australia, what percent of passerine species are partially migratory? END
START what is leap frog migration? END
START which sex of the chaffinches fringilla coelebs migrate earlier? END
START where are chaffinches fringilla coelebs from? END
START when do the chaffinches fringilla coelebs migrate? END
START how do most migrations begin? END
START what to the migrating birds usually follow? END
START what obsticals will migrating birds avoid? END
START what is a common pattern in north america migration? END
START what are the preferred routes for migration called? END
START how do most birds migrate? END
START how much energy do geese conserve flying in a flock? END
START how much faster do red knots and dunlins fly in a flock? END
START how do birds conserve energy? END
START what does flying in flocks reduce? END
START what part of birds was found on an expedition to mt. everest? END
START which birds have the highest rates of climb to altitude? END
START what kind of birds fly low over water? END
START what altitude range is most migration recorded? END
START where do most in air collisions occur? END
START how do penguins migrate? END
START how far do penguins travel when they migrate? END
START how do dusky grouse migrate? END
START how do emus migrate long distances during droughts? END
START where are emus from? END
START where do the pink-footed goose migrate? END
START where do the dark-eyed junco migrate? END
START where do the european pied flycatcher breed? END
START where does the european pied flycatcher spend the winter? END
START how do young learn migratory routes? END
START what route does a migrating bird usually follow? END
START what geographical barriers to land birds try to avoid? END
START why do migrating land birds avoid large water bodies or mountain ranges? END
START why do broad winged birds avoid geographical barriers? END
START what do water birds avoid while migrating? END
START where do brent geese migrate from? END
START where do brent geese migrate to? END
START how do brent geese migrate? END
START what are waders called in north america? END
START where do dunlin calidris alpina migrate to? END
START where do semiplamated sandpiper c. pusilla migrate to? END
START where do western sandpiper calidris migrate from? END
START what does successful migration depend on for some waders? END
START where do migrants refuel? END
START where is an important stopover location? END
START what is another stopover location? END
START which bird has the longest migration? END
START how far do bar-tailed godwits travel to migrate? END
START where do bar-tailed godwits migrate from END
START where do bar-tailed godwits migrate to? END
START how much of the bar-tailed godwits bodyweight is stored as fat before migration? END
START which seabird has the longest-distance migration? END
START which bird sees more daylight than any other during migration? END
START how long did one arctic tern take to migrate? END
START how far did the arctic tern chick travel? END
START where do tubenosed birds breed? END
START which species are great wanderers? END
START which bird broke a record in how far it flew over it's life? END
START how far did a manx shearwater fly over it's lifespan? END
START how long did the manx shearwater live? END
START how far will puffinus griseus migrate each year? END
START what do some large broad-winged birds rely on to help them soar? END
START when do large birds of pray migrate? END
START what is one of the heaviest migratory funnels? END
START how much of their body weight do honey buzzards lose during migration? END
START how many birds funnel through batumi, georgia each year? END
START when do many insectivorous birds migrate? END
START which kinds of birds land for a few days before resuming migration? END
START what are smaller insectivorous birds referred to? END
START how long do passage migrants stop and feed before resuming migration? END
START what is a benefit of nocturnal migration? END
START what is a cost of nocturnal migration? END
START how do nocturnal migrants compensate for loss of sleep? END
START what is another benefit of nocturnal migration? END
START what are many long distance migrants genetically programmed to do? END
START how do species that move short distances know when to migrate? END
START why do mountain and moorland breeders move only altitudinally? END
START where do the merlin falco columbarius migrate to? END
START how far do british chaffinch more in their lives? END
START how many evolutionary origins do short distance passerine migrants have? END
START which species have long-distance migrants in the same family? END
START why have some specied progressively shortened their return migration? END
START what species has no long-distance migratory relatives? END
START what are the waxwings bombycilla moving in response to? END
START why are the waxwing bombycilla not migrating for? END
START where is there little variation in the length of day throughout the year? END
START why does altitudinal migration occur in some tropical birds? END
START what are tropical birds preferred foods? END
START where is it always warm enough for food supply? END
START for what reason would birds mor far beyond the normal range? END
START how many times did bohemian waxwings come to britain in the nineteeth century? END
START how many times did bohemian waxwings come to britain between 1937 and 200? END
START what years did red crossbills invade england? END
START in which hemisphere does bird migration primarily happen? END
START where do birds from high northern latitutes migrate to? END
START why do birds migrate south in winter? END
START which species of seabirds are more likely to migrate? END
START why are seabirds from the southern hemisphere more likely to migrate? END
START what controls a birds migration? END
START how do birds navigate and orient themselves during migration? END
START what is a primitive trait present even in non migrating birds? END
START what is a complex phenomenon in regards to migration? END
START what is the primary cue for migration? END
START how do birds act in the period before migration? END
START what does zugunruhe mean in english? END
START what do caged birds display that corresponds with migratory direction in nature? END
START when do caged birds change their preferential direction? END
START what is it called when males return earlier to the breeding sites than females? END
START what happens in polygynous species with sexual dimophism? END
START why do males in polygynous species return before the females? END
START what is navigation based on? END
START what do many birds use as a compass? END
START what does using the sun for direction involve? END
START what else is navigation based on? END
START what is magnetoception? END
START when do long distance migrants disperse? END
START what do young birds form attachments to? END
START what else do young birds form attachments to? END
START what happens when the site attachment is made? END
START where do migrating birds visit? END
START what are older migrating birds better at? END
START how was the migrating of ospretys and honey buzzards tracked? END
START what do the birds do to successfully perform long distance migration? END
START what are examples of day migrating raptors? END
START what two electromagnetic tools do birds use to find their destinations? END
START where is the neural connection that is active during migration located? END
START what is cluster n? END
START what is a young bird on it's first migration compared to? END
START how does the magnetic field help the bird at different latitudes? END
START how can migrating birds lose their way? END
START what is flying past their destinations called? END
START what location has become famous for bird overshooters? END
START what other location is famous for spring overshoot? END
START where do bird overshooters end up? END
START what is it called when the genetic programing of young birds fail? END
START what is reverse migration? END
START what does reverse migration lead to? END
START how far out of range can rarities get? END
START what is it called when birds from one region join birds from a different region? END
START what kind of bird is most likely to abmigrate? END
START who do abmigrating birds return with? END
START what is a re-introduction scheme? END
START what did they use to teach birds a migration route? END
START which birds did they reintroduce to the us? END
START which birds did they use as a trial run? END
START what do birds need to change to meet the demands of migration? END
START how often do birds molt? END
START how do birds store energy? END
START why do birds need to molt? END
START when do birds molt? END
START how was migration developed? END
START what is highly labile? END
START what causes the behavioral adaptations necessary for migration? END
START what exists in nearly all avian lineages? END
START what percentage increase in flight distance will often be adaptive? END
START what kind of bird flies less efficiently? END
START what type of bird show circuitous migratory routes? END
START where do swainson's thrush fly from? END
START what is expected to have an effect on migration timing? END
START what have studies shown regarding climate change? END
START what else is climate change been shown to change? END
START what other species does migration help? END
START what is a greater threat of disease transmission? END
START what has been studied as a mechanism of disease transmission? END
START what has a role in the dispersal of propagules of plants and plankton? END
START what virus is maintained in birds without lethal effects? END
START who takes advantage of migrating birds? END
START what do greater noctule bats feed on? END
START what do some birds of prey specialize on? END
START what is the oldest way to study migration? END
START how have swans been marked? END
START since when have swans been marked? END
START who was scientific ringing pioneered by? END
START what are other forms of studying migration? END
START how are orientation behavior studies traditionally carried out? END
START what shape is the cage in the emlen funnel? END
START what is studied quantitatively inside the cage? END
START what does the bird leave on the walls of the cage? END
START where does the homing pigeon vanish? END
START what threatens some bird species? END
START what species declined due to hunting in afghanistand and asia? END
START when were birds last seen in keoladeo national park? END
START what can power lines, wind farms and oil rigs affect? END
START what are other migration hazards? END
START what is the name of the island on which atlantic city is located? END
START in what year was atlantic city incorporated? END
START what are the names of the two townships that became part of atlantic city when it was incorporated? END
START how many other towns share a border with atlantic city? END
START which coast is atlantic city located on? END
START what is the name of the first commercial hotel built in atlantic city? END
START in what year was the first commercial hotel built in atlantic city? END
START what are the names of the two avenues at which the belloe house is located? END
START what are the two geographical features that atlantic city is located between? END
START what were the two potential aspects of atlantic city that originally attracted developers?  END
START what other us city was linked to atlantic city by the camden and atlantic railroad train service? END
START by 1874, how many passengers were coming to atlantic city by rail each year? END
START what is the name of the lighthouse that is located on the atlantic city coast? END
START who is considered to be "atlantic city's godfather?" END
START in what year was the first boardwalk built in atlantic city? END
START why was the first boardwalk built in atlantic city? END
START what year was the great atlantic hurricane? END
START what was the historic length of the boardwalk before the great atlantic hurricane? END
START before the great atlantic hurricane the boardwalk extended from atlantic city to what other city? END
START the first road connected atlantic city to which mainland town? END
START the first road that connected atlantic city to the mainland was completed in what year? END
START how much of a toll was charged on the first road to connect atlantic city to the mainland? END
START what was the name of the first road to the mainland that did not charge a toll? END
START by what year was demand so great that one railroad line could no longer keep up with the demand? END
START what was the name of the new railway that was constructed to transport tourists to atlantic city after 1878? END
START what was the name of the hotel that took up a full city block? END
START besides massive hotels, what else was appearing all over atlantic city during this period? END
START what were the names of the four avenues that surrounded the united states hotel? END
START when did atlantic city go through a radical building boom? END
START what replaced many of the modest boarding houses?  END
START what were the names of two of the city's most distinctive hotels? END
START what happened to atlantic city in the early part of the 20th century? END
START where were the modest boarding houses located before they were replaced by large hotels? END
START in what year did josiah white iii by land to build a hotel? END
START what was the name of the hotel built by josiah white iii? END
START in what style was the malborough house buit? END
START in what year was reinforced concrete invented? END
START what was the name of the second hotel built by josiah white iii? END
START what was the name of the hotel located at the corner of illinois avenue and the boardwalk? END
START what year was the traymore hotel begun? END
START who was the owner of the traymore hotel? END
START how many stories was the traymore hotel after its renovation? END
START what was the name of the firm commissioned to build the traymore hotel? END
START what year did the quaker-owned chalfonte house open? END
START what year did the haddon house open? END
START how many stories was the modern chalfonte hotel when it opened in 1904? END
START how many rooms were in the merged chalfonte-haddon hall hotel? END
START what was the name given to the 24 story tall, 400-room claridge? END
START in what year was salt water taffy conceived? END
START who was the creator of salt water taffy? END
START what happened to david bradley's shop that led to the creation of salt water taffy? END
START who did bradley sell salt water taffy to for the first time? END
START where did the water come from for the creation of the first salt water taffy? END
START what years do many historians consider atlantic city's golden age? END
START what year was prohibition enacted nationally? END
START during prohibition what name was given to atlantic city? END
START during prohibition how high was nucky johnson's income? END
START how long did prohibition last? END
START during the 1920s, who was the mayor of atlantic city? END
START what three contributions to atlantic city was edward l. bader known for? END
START what year did edward l. bader lead the initiative to construct the atlantic city high school? END
START how much was the bond for that was to be used to purchase land for a convention center? END
START what year was boardwalk hall finished? END
START who was a meeting organized for in 1929 in atlantic city? END
START what family was charles  END
START in what year was there a conference for organized crime figures in atlantic city? END
START for which family was charles "lucky" luciano a lieutenant? END
START what was johnny torrio's nickname? END
START what was charles luciano's nickname? END
START who was a former chicago south side gang boss? END
START which atlantic city neighborhood became particularly impoverished in the mid-to-late 20th century? END
START what was the biggest factor in the decline in atlantic city's popularity? END
START what were two other locations people began to fly to instead of going to atlantic city? END
START after the war, what form of transportation became more readily available to many americans? END
START what two luxuries that people could have at their own homes led to a diminished interest in luxury beach resorts? END
START what event was hosted by atlantic city in 1964? END
START who was nominated for president during the 1964 democratic national convention? END
START who was nominated for vice president during the 1964 democratic national convention? END
START who was the governor of new jersey in 1964? END
START despite being in the midst of a long period of economic decline many felt that the convention was only held in atlantic city because of a friendship between what two men? END
START by what years were many of the great hotels suffering from high vacancy rates? END
START prior to and during the advent of legalized gaming, what happened to many of the hotels in atlantic city? END
START when were many of the large hotels demolished? END
START after the ambassador hotel was gutted what did it become? END
START who purchased the old ambassador hotel in 1978? END
START in what year did new jersey voters pass a referendum approving casino gambling for atlantic city? END
START the owners of the chalfonte-haddon hall hotel converted it into what? END
START what was the name of the first legal casino in the eastern united states? END
START what year did resorts international open? END
START how many casinos are there in atlantic city today? END
START atlantic city's tourism began to decline due to what failure? END
START who did the atlantic city redevelopment authority partner with in 1999? END
START why did the atlantic city redevelopment authority partner with steve wynn? END
START what was the project involving steve wynn nicknamed? END
START "the tunnel project" was later officially named what? END
START in what year did the tunnel open? END
START what was the name of atlantic city's newest casino? END
START when did the borgata open? END
START in what year was wynn's plans for development scrapped? END
START the new roadway prompted a partnership between which two companies? END
START when did the sands atlantic city close permanently? END
START what happened to the sands atlantic city a year after it closed? END
START what did pinnacle entertainment intend to replace the sands atlantic city with? END
START why did many of the proposed mega casinos never get further than the initial planning stages? END
START who purchased the sands atlantic city? END
START in what year did morgan stanley purchase land for a new casino resort? END
START how much land did morgan stanley purchase? END
START who was named as the developer for morgan stanley's casino resort? END
START what percentage of ownership did morgan stanley hold in revel entertainment group? END
START who offered revel $261 million in state tax credits? END
START how long had atlantic city held a monopoly on casino gambling? END
START who said that the state would consider a referendum to end the monopoly that atlantic city holds on casino gambling? END
START when did governor christie say that the state would consider a referendum? END
START how much was casino revenue in 2006? END
START how much was casino revenue in 2013? END
START when did "superstorm sandy" strike atlantic city? END
START "superstorm sandy" produced an all-time record low barometric pressure reading of what? END
START although "superstorm sandy" left minimal damage to any of the tourist areas it did cause what two other things to occur? END
START what was the source of the misinformation concerning damage to the city's boardwalk? END
START why was there a photo of the boardwalk if it wasn't actually damaged in the storm? END
START according to the united states census bureau, what is the total area in square miles? END
START what is the area of land? END
START what is the area of water? END
START what percentage of the city is made up of water? END
START what organization provided data detailing the size of the city? END
START besides chelsea, city island, and great island, what other community, locality, or place name is included in the city? END
START besides chelsea, city island, and venice park, what other community, locality, or place name is included in the city? END
START besides chelsea, venice park, and great island, what other community, locality, or place name is included in the city? END
START besides venice park, city island, and great island, what other community, locality, or place name is included in the city? END
START besides localities and place names, what else is located partically or completely within the city? END
START what is the daily average temperature in july? END
START atlantic city is a prime place to beat the heat from june through what month? END
START what is the average temperature for january in atlantic city? END
START how many days long is the growing season? END
START what is the extreme low temperature of atlantic city? END
START how many inches of precipitation does atlantic city receive annually? END
START what is the average number of inches of snow received at the airport annually? END
START atlantic city's lack of snowfall is due to its location in south jersey and its proximaty to which body of water? END
START atlantic city's lack of snowfall is due to its proximity to the atlantic ocean and its location where? END
START atlantic city is different from the northern and western parts of the state in the winter due to its tendency to receive which type of precipitation? END
START how many people were residing in atlantic city during the 2010 united states census? END
START how many housing units were in atlantic city during the 2010 united states census? END
START during the 2010 united states census what percentage of atlantic city's population was hispanic or latino? END
START during the 2010 united states census what percentage of atlantic city's population was white? END
START how many families were residing in atlantic city during the 2010 united states census? END
START how many households were there in atlantic city during the 2010 united states census? END
START what percentage of households in atlantic city had children under the age of 18 living with them? END
START what percentage of households in atlantic city were comprised of non-families? END
START what percentage of households in atlantic city were made up of individuals? END
START what percentage of the population was under the age of 18? END
START what percentage of the population was 65 years of age or older? END
START what was the median age? END
START how much was the median household income according to the american community survey? END
START how much was the median family income according to the american community survey? END
START how much was the median income for males according to the american community survey? END
START what percentage of the population was below the poverty line? END
START according to the 2000 united states census, how many people were living in atlantic city? END
START according to the 2000 united states census, what was the population density? END
START according to the 2000 united states census, how many housing units were there in atlantic city? END
START according to the 2000 united states census, what percentage of the population of atlantic city were hispanic or latino? END
START according to the 2000 united states census, what percentage of the population of atlantic city were white? END
START how many households had children under the age of 18 living with them? END
START how many households were there in atlantic city? END
START how many households were made up of individuals? END
START what was the average household size in atlantic city? END
START what was the average family size in atlantic city? END
START what was the median age of atlantic city? END
START for every 100 females, how many males were there? END
START for every 100 females age 18 and over, how many males were there? END
START what percentage of the population of atlantic city was under the age of 18? END
START what percentage of the population of atlantic city was 65 years of age or older? END
START what was the median income for a household in the city? END
START what was the median income for a family in the city? END
START what was the per capita income for the city? END
START what percentage of families in the city were living below the poverty line? END
START what percentage of the population in the city were living below the poverty line? END
START as of september 2014, the greater atlantic city area had one of the highest rates in the country of what? END
START what was the unemployment rate for the greater atlantic city area, as of september 2014? END
START as of september 2014, what was the overall size of the labor force of the greater atlantic city area? END
START out of a labor force of about 141,000 what was the unemployment rate? END
START in 2010, who stated that a state takeover of the city and local government of atlantic city was imminent? END
START what item were the regulations in atlantic city compared to? END
START what was the name of the district that would encompass the boardwalk casinos, the marina casinos, the atlantic city outlets, and bader field? END
START according to a poll, what percentage of new jersey voters opposed the takeover of atlantic city by the state? END
START according to a poll, what percentage of new jersey voters favored the takeover of atlantic city by the state? END
START what year were the boundaries for the state-run tourism district finally set? END
START what were the three major things that the district would include? END
START who would oversee all functions of the new district? END
START who would make the changes within the district to attract new businesses and attractions? END
START what two qualities were mentioned in regards to new construction? END
START how many roadways will be included in the district? END
START what place is home to the atlantic city aquarium? END
START what place was originally left off of the tourism district? END
START where was the residential neighborhood that was removed from the final boundaries of the district? END
START who cast the lone "no" vote on the creation of the district citing bader field's inclusion? END
START what is atlantic city known for? END
START how many large casinos are located in atlantic city? END
START approximately how many people did new jersey casinos employ in 2011? END
START approximately how many people visited new jersey's casinos in 2011? END
START what two entities regulate new jersey's casino? END
START how many casino closures took place in atlantic city in 2014? END
START what was the name of the poorest performing casino in the city that ultimately closed in 2014? END
START what year did trump plaza originally open? END
START what was the name of atlantic city's second-newest casino that ultimately closed in 2014? END
START what was the name of the first casino to close in 2014? END
START what is the sole remaining property owned by trump entertainment group? END
START what did trump entertainment group say they were considering doing with the trump taj mahal? END
START in what year did executives at trump entertainment group say they were considering selling the taj? END
START why did executives say they were considering selling the taj? END
START who spoke for the trump entertainment group in regards to the taj and what might be done in the future? END
START how many remaining properties belong to caesars entertainment? END
START what are the names of the three remaining caesars entertainment properties? END
START what type of bankruptcy did caesars entertainment file for? END
START what year did caesars entertainment file for bankruptcy? END
START which unit of caesars entertainment filed for bankruptcy in 2015? END
START what was boardwalk hall formerly known as? END
START what is the boardwalk hall? END
START in what year did the newer atlantic city convention center open? END
START how many sq ft of showroom space is included in the atlantic city convention center? END
START what hotel is adjacent to the atlantic city convention center? END
START what is atlantic city sometimes referred to? END
START the names of many properties near atlantic city are used in which popular board game? END
START who learned the game of monopoly and took it to atlantic city? END
START what location was originally featured in the  monopoly game?  END
START who did ruth hoskins teach the game of monopoly to? END
START what popular property in monopoly was actually a misspelling? END
START what is the name of the original property that marvin gardens takes its name from? END
START whose game did parker brothers model the board game after? END
START in what year did parker brothers acknowledge and apologize for a spelling error in the game? END
START who copied charles todd's monopoly board? END
START in general, what does immunology study? END
START immunology studies the functioning of the immune system in which two states of being? END
START name three types of immunological disorders? END
START immunology studies the immune system in which three stages of existence? END
START what disciplines in medicine have particularly strong immunology applications? END
START the term immunology is derived from a latin word that means what? END
START what are the major organs of the immune system? END
START who originally discovered these parts of the immune system? END
START how do physicians study a patient's immune system organs in emergency situations? END
START which portions of the immune system can be safely removed in these emergency cases? END
START the structure of immune system components can be described as what? END
START are immune tissues typically fixed with specific organs usually? END
START what is one way the cellular structures of the immune system are housed in the body? END
START what is another way these tissues are housed within the body? END
START which two fields of study are associated with immunology? END
START immunology studies how which three areas impact one another? END
START when was the first written mention of immunity as it pertains to the body? END
START which greek historian made that notation? END
START when did immunology start to become codified as a scientific theory? END
START what is the basic, primitive part of the immune system known as? END
START vertebrates also have what type of immune system component? END
START what is one type of adaptive immune system component? END
START name the other type of adaptive immune system component? END
START the total immune system is generally composed of what types of structures? END
START humoral immunology involves the interaction of what two elements? END
START what are antibodies comprised of? END
START what cells produce antibodies? END
START the term "antigen" is rooted in what two words? END
START immunology is the study of what type of responses to antibodies and antigens? END
START in the field of immunology, what aspect is becoming more specialized? END
START what new areas are immunologists studying with more frequency? END
START the latest research into newer aspects of immunology is focused on what three elements of the body? END
START these three elements of the body are of new interest for what reason? END
START the study of diseases caused by immune system disorders is called? END
START what are three problems of the immune system studied by clinical immunology? END
START where can these three elements occur in the immune system? END
START what else does clinical immunology concern itself with? END
START why does clinical immunology extend to those areas? END
START what is a type of immune system disorder? END
START what are some examples of hypersensitivities? END
START what characterizes a hypersensitivity? END
START what is the most famous immune system disease? END
START what kind of disease is aids? END
START which types of cells are suppressed by aids? END
START what virus specifically suppresses those cells? END
START what are the four factors that determine how the body reacts to an antigen? END
START why are newborns described as being physiologically immunodeficient? END
START newborns are particularly susceptible to infections caused by? END
START what activity is also greatly reduced in newborn infants? END
START antigen cells in newborns are also struggle to do this? END
START in babies, what is another element impacting immune response? END
START newborns can acquire antibodies from the mother through what means? END
START for how long do these antibodies have an effect on infants? END
START at 6 to 9 months, an infant's immune system begins to respond to which proteins? END
START the difference in responses in infant immune systems is the cause of what? END
START what is the primary trigger for immunological changes in teens? END
START what specific hormone catalyzes these changes in females? END
START which specific hormone precipitates the change in immunology in males? END
START adolescent immunological changes can also result in what? END
START evidence suggests that receptors on b cells may do what? END
START the routine practice of immunology can best be characterized as? END
START what are two opposing theories of early 20th century immunology? END
START cellular immunology expressed the theory that what cells caused immune responses? END
START humoral immunology theorized that the origin of the immune system lay in what? END
START rather than cells, in humoral immunology where did the molecules that cause immune response reside? END
START what medical scientist first proposed the clonal selection theory of immunology? END
START what triggers an immune response according to cst? END
START in cst, what triggers a destructive immune response? END
START what property of t cells caused modification of cst? END
START when was clonal selection theory first proposed? END
START what discipline can undergraduate students interested in general health study? END
START immunology is a branch of what larger field of study? END
START the goal of an immunologist is to study what beings? END
START the biggest part of an immunologist's job is what? END
START what two conditions apply to good immunological study? END
START most graduate schools specializing in immunology follow what organization's parameters? END
START what is the name of the immunology school at mount sinai? END
START aai immunology courses include what two components? END
START what does the introductory aai immunology course do? END
START the langone medical center is part of what college? END
START part 1 of the aai introductory immunology course is meant to be what? END
START part 2 of the aai introductory immunology course revolves around what? END
START what pre-requisite should enrollees in the advanced immunology course have? END
START how long does it typically take to earn a master's degree? END
START what program requires an additional two years of study? END
