START what, in nature, is most likely to make things green? END
START for what do some animals use the color green? END
START what chemical causes emeralds to be green? END
START from which middle english and anglo-saxon word is green derived? END
START what is the germanic root word meaning grass? END
START what chemical for converting sunlight is found in emeralds? END
START what word came from the english word "green"? END
START what do plants convert chlorophyll into? END
START what process does chromium allow plants to do? END
START what is green a symbol of in china? END
START in the middle ages, which color was associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry? END
START what does the mona lisa wearing green symbolize? END
START what does the color green represent in the flags of islamic countries? END
START why is green the color of the environmental movement? END
START red is associated with what religion? END
START what color did the nobility in china wear? END
START what color shows that mona lisa is a noble? END
START what does a red light indicate? END
START besides happiness, what contradictory meaning does china ascribe to green? END
START germanic, romance, slavic, and greek all has old terms for "green" which are derived from words for what? END
START how were the terms for "green" derived in the germanic, romance, slavic, and greek languages? END
START which language has a word for "green" that is comparable to a mongolian word for "meadow"? END
START what is the mongolian word for meadow? END
START what languages have a single root word for green? END
START "hari" is turkish for what? END
START what is the germanic word for green? END
START what sanskrit word means green? END
START how many terms does japanese have for the color green? END
START what is the vietnamese word for both blue and green? END
START what are the colors of traffic lights in japan? END
START how is 藍 pronounced in japanese? END
START how is 綠 pronounced in sino-vietnamese? END
START what chinese word for green is derived from english? END
START how many words for green does thai have? END
START what does ian mean in reference to trees? END
START in which language does the word for "green" also mean "rank" and "smelly"? END
START in what range does the color green fall in modern european languages? END
START what is the origin of the word "orange"? END
START what does the thai word for green correspond to in nm? END
START how many colors are in thai's color system? END
START how many languages have green as a separate color? END
START the english word for green was originally not a color term but a what? END
START what is the color range of yellow in european languages? END
START in which color system is green created by combining yellow and blue? END
START in which color model is green one of the additive primary colors? END
START what is the complement of green on the hsv color wheel? END
START what is the complement of green on the traditional color wheel? END
START in color printing, blue is created by combining green and what? END
START what color model is used in a subtractive system? END
START what is another name for the color wheel using the subtractive system? END
START and equal mixture of green and magenta creates what? END
START what is the complementary color to blue? END
START what is produced on a computer display when light from the green primary is mixed with some light from the blue primary? END
START at what wavelength is green on computer displays? END
START what type of color devices are computer displays and televisions? END
START what is the wavelength of red? END
START how is a unique blue made? END
START what are examples of devices that do not use additive systems? END
START what is unique green's wavelength? END
START ~550nm green is a combination of which two primary colours? END
START which color of lasers are widely available to the general public? END
START what is the wavelength of inexpensive green lasers? END
START what type of technology is used in the most common green lasers? END
START what is the range of green wavelengths available when using dpss technology? END
START what is the range of the argon-ion laser? END
START what is the nm of liquid dye lasers? END
START what color laser is the hardest for the public to gain access to? END
START what is the thz of the helium-neon laser? END
START what has linear properties? END
START what do pigments do with the color green? END
START what are green paints and dyes usually made of? END
START what is the main chemical that causes emeralds to be green? END
START what is the source of the green color in malachite pigments? END
START what is the source of amazonite's color? END
START what is the name of minerals that emit green through their luminescence? END
START what is another name for amazonite? END
START what is the symbol for copper? END
START what does chromium oxide have trace amounts of? END
START what is the name of amazonite-based pigments? END
START what is made by placing a plate of blade of copper, brass, or bronze into vat of fermenting wine for several weeks, then scraping off and drying the green powder? END
START who described the process of making verdigris in ancient times? END
START in what city did the romans use verdigris in murals? END
START what would verdigris do to other colors that it came in contact with? END
START which famous artist warned other artists not to use verdigris? END
START what century did pliny describe the process of making verdigris? END
START what city did pliny live in? END
START what paint did leonardo da vinci recommend? END
START where was chrome green popular in the 16th century? END
START when was prussian blue patented? END
START which green food coloring is known to cause hyperactivity, asthma, urticaria, and insomnia? END
START what is a commonly used food coloring in the united kingdom that is banned in australia, japan, norway, and the united states? END
START what is the most common green chemical found in nature? END
START which two e numbers have been approved by the fda? END
START green s is used in what country but not the us? END
START what are the side effects of quinoline yellow? END
START what is the name of the green chemical the uk allows? END
START what administration approved the use of e140 as a food dye? END
START how do fireworks create green sparks? END
START which copper salt can produce green glames? END
START what is the ratio of boron to potassium nitrate in green pyrotechnic flares? END
START what is the ratio of yellow to green in green smoke? END
START what is another name for copper salts? END
START what type of copper salts are used in fireworks? END
START what else are copper salts used for? END
START which two solvents are used in green pyrotechnic flares? END
START why are many plants green? END
START what does chlorophyll do with long (red) and short (blue) wavelengths of light? END
START where did chlorophyll first arise? END
START what chemical is found in the human eye that makes plants green? END
START chlorophyll reflects the long wavelengths of what? END
START what type of wavelength does purple have? END
START why does chlorophyll absorb green light so effectively? END
START what extracts the energy from the purple portion of the spectrum? END
START how do animals typically use the color green? END
START why do most fish, reptiles, amphibians, and birds appear green? END
START what is a chemical that can cause green hue in birds? END
START what is a protein that carries copper ions in chelation? END
START what is the green pigment in bile called? END
START why do most fish appear blue? END
START what is the name of the chemical in reptiles that causes them to appear green? END
START birds eat what pigment that causes them to look green? END
START what chemicals have humans used in their camouflage? END
START what is another name for hemanovadin? END
START what is the appearance of green in th eyes attributed to? END
START where are green eyes most common? END
START among icelandic and dutch adults, which sex more commonly has green eyes? END
START where is the green pigment in eyes located? END
START blue and green eyes are caused by a high concentration of what? END
START what percentage of women in south asia have blue or green eyes? END
START which two ancestries have the least amount of green eyes? END
START what is the name for the scattering of light that results in the green coloring? END
START which color was the symbol to regeneration and rebirth in ancient egypt? END
START what did egyptian artists grind to use to paint on the walls of tombs or on papyrus? END
START how did egyptians dye fabrics yellow? END
START where was the nile located in egypt? END
START where was blue azurite found? END
START the roots of what plant were turned into green dye? END
START dye made from saffron was found in a box in whose tomb? END
START what was blue a symbol of in ancient egypt? END
START what is the ancient egyptian hieroglyph for green? END
START who was the ruler of the underworld in ancient egypt? END
START why was green facial makeup worn by ancient egyptians? END
START what was the underworld called? END
START who ruled the ancient egyptians? END
START what held live scarab beetles? END
START where were scarab beetles worn to protect egyptians from evil? END
START which ancient greek philosopher considered green to be located midway between black and white? END
START which ancient greek philosopher describe pale green as cloron and leek green as prasinon? END
START red, yellow, and black are three of the four classis colors of greek painting. what is the fourth color? END
START how many blues did democritus describe? END
START what did democritus say green was located between? END
START what two greens did aristotle reference? END
START who was a famous greek painter? END
START yellow and what color were considered to be the same? END
START what color did the romans attribute to venus, the goddess of gardens, vegetables, and vineyards? END
START what pigment was made by soaking copper plates in fermenting wine? END
START how many different words for the varieties of green exist in latin? END
START glass was soaked in what to make green? END
START when did romans begin making the pigment verdigris? END
START what roman cities hosted venus' gardens? END
START how many words does latin have for painting? END
START what did the romans stop using green for in 2nd century ad? END
START why were vegetal green dyes less than ideal? END
START when was a good green vegetal dye finally produced? END
START what was known as yellow-weed? END
START vegetal dyes were good at resisting what? END
START what is another name for woad? END
START when did people begin using the leaves of the fraxinus for green dyes? END
START what color did green-dyed clothes often change to? END
START which part of the digitalis plant was used to create green dye? END
START when was green associated with the romantic movement in literature and art? END
START who was a french philospher that celebrated the virtues of nature? END
START which german poet and philospher declared green to be the most restful color? END
START where was john constable from? END
START what philosopher began the industrial revolution? END
START what did goethe call the color gray? END
START who painted scenes depicting the industrial revolution? END
START who decorated bedrooms? END
START when did the systematic study of color theory begin? END
START who painted the night cafe? END
START what type of colors are red and green? END
START what artist created color theory? END
START what did theo van gogh paint? END
START how many rays of orange were there in the night cafe? END
START van gogh said the night cafe was about the contrast between yellow and what color?  END
START what year did color theory first appear? END
START when were green and red standardized as the colors of international railroad signs? END
START when was the first traffic light erected? END
START where were the first modern electric traffic lights erected in 1912? END
START besides its association with danger, why was red chosen for traffic lights? END
START what exploded in 1912? END
START who was injured by a traffic light in salt lake city? END
START when was the first modern traffic light put up in london? END
START who standardized the green and red colors? END
START what do red lights signal in regards to a system? END
START what was absinthe known as? END
START why were popular paints and pigments in the nineteenth century highly toxic? END
START what color is most associated with toxicity and poison? END
START why do europeans associate green with health? END
START what was another name for schweinfurt? END
START what toxins did absinthe contain? END
START the green fairy was the name for what notable pigment? END
START which country had a flag in 1977 that was only green? END
START what does the green in jamaica's flag represent? END
START what does the green cedar of lebanon tree represent on the flag of lebanon? END
START which color is considered sacred in islam? END
START when was the flag of hamas created? END
START iran is the only flag in the world with just what? END
START how many colors does the flag of iran have? END
START the jamaican flag represents hope using what color? END
START what religion does lebanon's flag represent? END
START what is the largest green party in europe? END
START why was green chosen for a number of new european political parties in the 1980s? END
START when was the german green party founded in west germany? END
START what party merged with the german green party in 2009? END
START what percentage of the votes did the greens win in 1993? END
START how many seats did alliance 90 win in 1980? END
START when was the west germany revolution? END
START how many members does the alliance 90 have? END
START what color vestments do roman catholic and traditional protestant clergy wear at liturgical celebrations during ordinary time? END
START what is green the color of in the eastern catholic church? END
START what was worshipped for their ability to maintain their color through the winter season? END
START what did romans use as decorations for their winter solstice celebration called saturnalia? END
START what does green represent in ireland and scotland? END
START when do clergymen wear orange vestments? END
START what does the eastern catholic church use orange to represent? END
START pentecost was originally what holiday celebrated by the romans? END
START green and what color are represented on the flag of scotland? END
START what color is used to represent romans? END
START what is the symbol for zinc? END
START what is the atomic number for zinc? END
START what is zinc chemically close to? END
START what is the oxidation state for zinc? END
START how many stable isotopes does zinc have? END
START what is the symbol for zinc? END
START what is zinc's atomic number? END
START what other element on the periodic table is zinc similar to? END
START what is the most common zinc ore? END
START what is used to extract zinc during the production process? END
START what is no longer the symbol for zinc? END
START what is the automatic number for zinc? END
START what is zinc chemically identical to? END
START what is the only zinc ore? END
START what is used to explode zinc during the production process? END
START what two metals are mixed to create brass? END
START when was brass first used? END
START where was zinc first produced on a large scale? END
START when was zinc introduced to europe? END
START where is the oldest evidence of pure zinc? END
START brass is an alloy of what two elements? END
START the earliest uses of brass has been attributed to what ancient location? END
START we have evidence of zinc production dating back to the 6th century thanks to what mine? END
START what early process was used to make zinc? END
START what were the names given to zinc by early alchemists? END
START what three metals are mixed to create brass? END
START when was brass forbidden from use? END
START when was zinc outlawed in europe? END
START where is the only evidence of pure zinc? END
START what early process was used to dissolve zinc? END
START who named the element zinc? END
START what was zinc named after? END
START who is credited with discovering zinc? END
START what two people discovered the electrochemical properties of zinc? END
START where can you find zinc chloride? END
START who is credited as giving zinc its name? END
START what does the name zinc or zinke mean? END
START who discovered pure metallic zinc? END
START what is the most common use for zinc? END
START what is a common use for zinc chloride? END
START who ruined the element zinc? END
START who is credited with hiding zinc? END
START what single person discovered the electrochemical properties of zinc? END
START where can you lose zinc chloride? END
START what is the most rare use for zinc? END
START how many people are affected by zinc deficiency? END
START what can consumption of excess zinc cause? END
START where can you find enzymes with a zinc atom in the reactive center? END
START what can a lack of zinc cause in children? END
START what is extremely important to prenatal and postnatal development? END
START what can cause symptoms in children ranging from diarrhea to retarded growth? END
START in what substance can you find a zinc atom within its reactive center? END
START what causes symptoms such as lethargy and copper deficiency? END
START how many people are affected by zinc immunity? END
START what can consumption of normal zinc cause? END
START what can cause symptoms in plants ranging from diarrhea to retarded growth? END
START what substance can you find a zinc atom without a center? END
START what causes symptoms such as leprosy and copper deficiency? END
START what color is zinc? END
START is iron more dense than zinc? END
START at what temperature does the metal become malleable? END
START at what temperature to zinc become brittle? END
START what is the boiling point of zinc? END
START in it's pre commercial state, what color is zinc? END
START what is the crystalline structure of sync? END
START what happens to zinc when it is manipulated to the temperatures between 100 and 150 celsius? END
START at what temperature can zinc be pulverized? END
START what color is rotten zinc? END
START what temperature does the metal become liquid? END
START what temperature does zinc become unbreakable? END
START what is the cooking temperature of zinc? END
START what is the impossible structure of zinc? END
START how many radioisotopes of zinc have been discovered? END
START what is the longest half life of the isotopes? END
START what does the superscript m represent? END
START how many excited states does 61zn have?  END
START how many excited states does 73zn have? END
START what is the most long lived radio isotope? END
START what is the half life of 72zn? END
START how many nuclear isomers does zinc have? END
START what does the superscript "m" indicate? END
START what does a metastable isotope do to return to ground state from an excited state? END
START how many radioisotopes of zinc have been hidden? END
START what is the only half life of the isotopes? END
START how many boring states does 61zn have? END
START how many nuclear isomers does zinc avoid? END
START what oxidation state dominates zinc? END
START what indicates the formation of zn2cl? END
START what are the only two oxidation states known for zinc? END
START what oxidation state dominates the chemistry of zinc? END
START what are the only two oxidation states known for zinc compounds? END
START what oxidation state repels zinc? END
START what indicates the destruction of zn2cl? END
START what is the only oxidation state known for zinc compounds? END
START because zinc has a filled d-shell, its compounds are usually what? END
START the ionic radii of what two elements are almost identical? END
START what is the determining factor where zinc and magnesium are very similar chemically? END
START whit what donors does zinc form stable complexes? END
START what two elements have ionic radii that are exactly identical? END
START what donors does zinc disrupt stable complexes? END
START what is the determining factor where zinc and magnesium are very different chemically? END
START why are the compounds of zinc very colorful? END
START what is necessary to stabilize the low oxidation state of zinc(l) compounds? END
START what core do most zinc(l) compounds contain? END
START what confirms the dimeric structure of the compound? END
START when a solution of metallic zinc is cooled in molten zncl2, what is formed? END
START what is necessary to stabilize the high oxidation state of zinc(l) compounds? END
START what core do all zinc(l) compounds contain? END
START what ruins the dimeric structure of the compound? END
START when a solution of metallic zinc is heated in molten zncl2, what is formed? END
START what is not known for binary compounds of zinc? END
START zno can be dissolved in what kind of solutions? END
START what applications do chalcogenides have? END
START what is unknowable for binary compounds of zinc? END
START what applications do chalcogenides lack? END
START zn(oh)2 is dissolved to form what in strong alkaline solutions? END
START what is heated in strong alkaline solutions? END
START zinc oxide is believed to be mentioned in what ancient text? END
START active zinc mines in india date back to what period? END
START what process occurred around the 12th century? END
START when was the rasaratna samuccaya written? END
START what are the two uses of zinc ore mentioned in the rasaratna samuccaya? END
START what ancient text forbids the use of zinc oxide? END
START what period do active zinc mines in china date back to? END
START what process occurred around the 6th century? END
START when was the rasaratna samuccaya destroyed? END
START what is the only use of zinc ore mentioned in the rasaratna samuccaya? END
START who is attributed as first documenting zinc? END
START why would zinc possibly be derived from the german word zinke? END
START why is it possible that the name zinc could be derived from the german zinn? END
START what are some of the other terms for zinc? END
START who is attributed as the only person to document zinc? END
START why would zinc possibly be derived from the imaginary word zinke? END
START what are some of the other outlawed words for zinc? END
START what alchemist that first documented zinc was born in india? END
START who first patented the process that creates an oxide usable in the retort process? END
START before john champion, what was the only element used to produce zinc? END
START who built the first horizontal retort smelter? END
START what did galvani name the effect he created of causing the frogs legs to twitch? END
START the discoveries made by galvani lead to what three important things? END
START who first banned the process that creates an oxide usable in the retort process? END
START what is still the only element used to produce zinc? END
START who built the only vertical retort smelter? END
START what did galvani name the effect he created of causing the frogs legs to fly? END
START what harmful things did the discoveries made by galvani lead to? END
START what is used to produce the metal zinc? END
START what is froth flotation used for? END
START what is the first step in zinc metal production? END
START what percentage of the ore concentrate is zinc? END
START what is used to eliminate the metal zinc? END
START what is froth flotation no longer used for? END
START what is the only step in zinc metal production? END
START what percentage of the s'more concentrate is zinc? END
START large amounts of sulfur dioxide and cadmium vapor are produced due to what? END
START smelter slag contains a significant amount of what? END
START why does the geul river contain heavy metals in a significant amount? END
START what is the ratio that anthropogenic and natural emissions occur at? END
START what produces tiny amounts of sulfur dioxide and cadmium vapor? END
START what does smelter slag contain a trivial amount of? END
START why does the geul river contain no heavy metals? END
START what is the ratio that anthropogenic and unnatural emissions occur at? END
START what two compounds is zinc more reactive than? END
START what forms as zinc corrodes? END
START how is zinc applied? END
START what is used on many common items, such as chain link fences? END
START what is the only compound zinc is more reactive than? END
START what explodes as zinc corrodes? END
START how is zinc applied to wounds? END
START what is used on many rare items, such as chain link fences? END
START what makes zinc an efficient sacrificial anode? END
START connecting anodes made from zinc to buried pipe creates what? END
START what does attaching a zinc disc to a ships iron rudder do? END
START why does zinc protect metals exposed to sea water from corroding? END
START what makes zinc an inefficient sacrificial anode? END
START what does attaching a zinc sphere to a ship's iron rudder not help with? END
START why is zinc not able to ever corrode? END
START why does zinc harm metals exposed to sea water? END
START what has zinc replaced in pipe organs? END
START zinc, copper and aluminum alloys have use in what part of machinery? END
START zinc in the main metal used in making which american currency? END
START what is zinc coated with to influence the look of pennies? END
START what has zinc been replaced with in pipe organs? END
START what is zinc coated with to influence the look of dimes? END
START what is the only metal used in american currency? END
START what is the only metal used in pipe organs? END
START aside from die casting, what are alloys of zinc mixed with copper, aluminium and magnesium used for? END
START alloys of zinc mixed with copper, aluminium and magnesium are marketed as what? END
START what is possible to produce thanks to the low melting point and low viscosity of zinc aluminium alloy? END
START what brand name of alloy is supposed to be as strong as steel while still being malleable as plastic? END
START what is used to mold prestal? END
START what are alloys of zinc mixed with copper, aluminium and plastic used for? END
START what is possible to produce thanks to the high melting point and high viscosity of zinc aluminium alloy? END
START what is used to remove prestal? END
START what are alloys of zinc mixed with steel and copper marketed as? END
START what brand name of alloy is supposed to be as strong as silk while still being malleable as butter? END
START what can be done when small amounts of lead are added to alloys? END
START what is made with an alloy of 4% aluminium mixed with 96% zinc? END
START why are alloys used to make stamping dies rather than metal? END
START why isn't unalloyed zinc used in construction applications? END
START what can be done when large amounts of lead are added to alloys? END
START what is made with an alloy of 4% magic mixed with 96% zinc? END
START why are alloys used to make metal rather than stamping dies? END
START why is unalloyed zinc used in construction applications? END
START in what form is 1/4 of zinc used in the us? END
START what kind of zinc compound is used in manufacturing rubber? END
START what protects the polymers in rubber from ultraviolet radiation? END
START why is zinc oxide useful in photocopying products? END
START what kind of process is the zinc zinc-oxide cycle? END
START what form is 1/4 of zinc used in the ukraine? END
START what kind of zinc compound is used in melting rubber? END
START what protects the polymers in rubber from nuclear radiation? END
START why is zinc oxide unhelpful in photocopying products? END
START what kind of process is the zinc zinc-dioxide cycle? END
START what is added to wood in order to preserve it? END
START what is the feature of zinc sufide that makes it useful in television screens? END
START what kind of lasers are crystals of zinc suflde used in? END
START where is zinc pyrithion used? END
START what is removed from wood in order to preserve it? END
START what is the feature of zinc sulfide that makes it dangerous in television screens? END
START what kind of robots are crystals of zinc sulfide used in? END
START what is zinc pyrithione illegal in? END
START what is the most abundant zinc isotope? END
START what does 65zn produce? END
START why is zinc oxide used in nuclear reactors? END
START what is used to study how alloys containing zinc wear out? END
START what is the only zinc isotope? END
START what does 65zn reduce? END
START why is zinc oxide used in atomic reactors? END
START what is used to study how alloys containing zinc melt? END
START what consumable product is zinc included in? END
START what property of zinc is believed to protect against skin aging? END
START what is the benefit of zinc after injury? END
START what consumable product is zinc forbidden in? END
START what property of zinc is believed to reverse aging? END
START what is the danger of zinc after injury? END
START what is the only preparation form that zinc is available in? END
START what kind of cancer cells may zinc prove to kill? END
START what type of agent is zync useful as against prostate cancer? END
START what could overuse of zinc possibly cause? END
START where does zinc naturally buildup in the body? END
START what kind of cancer cells may zinc prove to heal? END
START what type of agent is zinc useless as against prostate cancer? END
START what could normal use of zinc possibly cause? END
START where does zinc mysteriously buildup in the body? END
START what does organozinc chemisty describe? END
START what is the zinc equivalent of the grinard reaction? END
START when will organomagnesium halide formation fail? END
START what are dimethylzinc, dietylzinc and diphenylzinc? END
START what does organozinc chemistry conceal? END
START what is the glass equivalent of the grinard reaction? END
START when will organomagnesium halide formation become permanent? END
START what are dimethylzinc, dietylzinc and diphenylzinc no longer allowed as? END
START what role does zinc play in fingers, twists and clusters? END
START what are proteins that druing replication and transcription of dna, recognize base dna? END
START how many amino acids do the zn2+ ions bind to? END
START what does the transcription factor wrap around? END
START what role does zinc play in fingers, hands and clusters? END
START what proteins during replication and transcription of dna forget base dna? END
START how many amino acids do the zn2+ ions repel from? END
START what does the transcription factor remain vertical with? END
START what is the most common supplement in the us? END
START why is zinc carbonate poorly absorbed in the body? END
START what is the recommended daily dose of zinc supplement in healthy adults? END
START what is the tolderable upper intake of zinc? END
START what is the only common supplement in the us? END
START why is zinc carbonate perfectly absorbed in the body? END
START what is the recommended daily dose of zinc supplement in unhealthy adults? END
START what is the intolerable upper intake of zinc? END
START zinc oxide is used to fortify what product? END
START in what product did  various compounds of zinc show little difference in absorption? END
START what compound is better absorbed than zinc gluconate? END
START what is the best absorbed dietary zinc compound? END
START what product is zinc oxide used to taint? END
START what product did various compounds of zinc show massive differences in absorption? END
START what compound is the same as zinc gluconate in being absorbed? END
START what is the only absorbed dietary zinc compound? END
START what year had the only study regarding zinc compounds? END
START symptoms ranging from diarrhea to eye lesions are from what? END
START what is a symptom of both zinc deficiency and excess? END
START what is required for animals with zinc deficiency to gain the same weight as animals with sufficient zinc? END
START what prevents symptoms ranging from diarrhea to eye lesions? END
START what is not required for animals with zinc deficiency to gain the same weight as animals with sufficient zinc? END
START what is no longer a symptom of both zinc deficiency and excess? END
START why do animals not consume zinc in their diet? END
START what is one way that vegetarians and vegans obtain zinc? END
START what is found in whole grains that can interfere with zinc absorption? END
START where is zinc chelator phytate found? END
START what kind of diet may require more than 15mg of zinc daily? END
START what is the only way that vegetarians and vegans obtain zinc? END
START what is found in whole grains that can help with zinc absorption? END
START where is zinc chelator phytate forbidden? END
START what kind of diet may require more than 150mg of zinc daily? END
START what are two billion people in the world deficient in? END
START 800,000 children worldwide die each year due to what? END
START what is recommended by the who for malnutrition and diarrhea? END
START why shouldn't zinc be given alone to those with several deficiencies? END
START what are five billion people in the world deficient in? END
START how many children are born each year due to zinc? END
START what is recommended by the who for malnutrition and fever? END
START why shouldn't zinc be given alone to those with no deficiencies? END
START in what type of soil is zinc deficiency most common? END
START growing plants in zinc deficient soil makes them more susceptible to what? END
START excess zinc has what effect on plants? END
START how is zinc primarily added to soil? END
START what is the only type of soil with zinc deficiency? END
START what does any level of zinc cause to plants? END
START how is zinc primarily removed from soil? END
START what are plants immune to when in zinc deficient soil? END
START what kind of deficiency is common from taking 100-300mg of zinc daily? END
START what kind of complications were seen in men taking 80mg zinc a day? END
START having an excess of 500ppm of zinc in soil interferes with what? END
START what is caused by inhaling freshly formed zinc oxide? END
START people have claimed that the excessive use of what common product has caused disability and death? END
START what kind of deficiency is common from taking 1000-3000mg of zinc daily? END
START what kind of superpowers were seen in men taking 80mg zinc a day? END
START having an excess of 500ppm of zinc in soil helps with what? END
START what is caused by inhaling freshly formed zinc hydroxide? END
START what have people claimed excessive use of caused psychic powers? END
START what can zinc cause damage to in the nose? END
START why was zinc being used in the 1930's? END
START what did the fda order removed from stores in 2009? END
START what product is suggest as a potent heat shock response inducer? END
START what can zinc cause evolution to in the nose? END
START why was zinc outlawed in the 1930's? END
START what did the fda order remove from stores in 1709? END
START what product is suggested as a potent cold shock response inducer? END
START what coin, as of 1982, is now primarily made of zinc? END
START what is a concern with the new zinc pennies? END
START ingesting zinc can cause lack of muscle movement and coordination called what? END
START why have people reported zinc intoxication? END
START what coin as of 1983 is now only made of zinc? END
START what is a requirement with the new zinc pennies? END
START why have people never reported zinc intoxication? END
START what did one reported case of ingestion of 4250 pennies result in? END
START what metal is no longer found in pennies? END
START what are dogs known to ingest? END
START what does the zinc coins ingested by dogs cause? END
START in what animal is zinc toxic to the point of poisonous? END
START what has been a cause of mass parrot poisonings attributed to zinc? END
START what are dogs unknown to ingest? END
START what does the chocolate coins ingested by dogs cause? END
START what animal is zinc beneficial to the point of miracles? END
START what has been a cause of mass rat poisonings attributed to zinc? END
START why do pennies and other small coins help to heal when ingested by dogs? END
START who influenced many 19th century neoclassical architects? END
START what do geometric architecture emulate of the universe? END
START what edmund burke concept is linked to boullee's ideas? END
START what concept did ledoux address? END
START as a concept of neoclassical architecture, what should be immediately communicated to viewer? END
START what influence neoclassical architecture in the 1900s? END
START what did the drawings of claude nicholas lediux depicts? END
START whose ideas are linked to boullee's ideas of the sublime? END
START what did burke say about the concept of architectural character? END
START what century were most four influential books published? END
START who wrote vitruvius britannicus? END
START in what century did palladian architecture become well established? END
START when was "the designs of inigo jones" book published? END
START what style was popular among the english? END
START what the books published in the 1800s highlight about classical architecture? END
START what was the name of the four volumes of books written by inigo jones? END
START what book contain prints of famous british buildings inspired by vitruvius andaedifacatoria END
START what book featured the work of an inigo jones and other architects from the 1800s? END
START who was the "architect earl"? END
START when was chiswick house designed? END
START what was the original building that chiswick house design was reinterpretation? END
START what is 1734 design is considered one of the finest example of palladian architecture in england, built in norfolk? END
START who was inspired by the archite earl when building chiswick house? END
START what was a reinterpretation of richard boyles chiswick house? END
START what was the villa capra purified up? END
START what architectural style feature ornamentation? END
START whose dictate did the wings of farm houses follow? END
START what additional influences were incorporated into neoclassical architecture by mid 18th century? END
START what englishman excavated pompeii? END
START in what city did a generation of french art students study that propelled neoclassical architecture and incorporation broader styles? END
START what other countries adopted the style of neoclassical? END
START what did movement incorporate by the mid-1800s? END
START when was the shift to classical architecture dated? END
START what archaeological dig influence the classical period? END
START what was influenced by roman art students trained in france? END
START where was neoclassical architecture adopted in conventional circles? END
START when was the second wave of neoclassical architecture? END
START what term is used to express the first wave of neoclassicism in france? END
START what is the second wave of neoclassicism in france called? END
START up until napoleaoic regimes, what style remained popular in italy? END
START what is associated with the fall of the napoleonic empire? END
START what king was a style of architecture named after during the first wave of neoclassicism? END
START what was a famous style of first wave neoclassicism in italy? END
START who oppose the archaeological classism brought by the napoleonic regimes? END
START the louis xvi style was popular up until what regime? END
START what rediscoveries inspired interior designs of neoclassicism? END
START what tightly controlled book brought appeal for classic interior to masses? END
START what are some examples of the changes of interior of neoclassicism from ancient rediscoveries? END
START what were william kent's interior designs based from? END
START what re-discoveries inspired exterior design of neoclassicism END
START what gained a wider audience in 1740s? END
START what were classic exteriors of the baroque based on? END
START what are examples of classic interior design? END
START what were interiors seeking to recreate? END
START what colors were utilized for interiors? END
START who brought louis xvi style to the court? END
START what types of techniques were used to style motifs? END
START what were styles in france initially? END
START what did new exteriors try to re-create? END
START what techniques were excluded from the style? END
START what was initially a parisien style in greece? END
START what we brought the gout grec style to court? END
START who began the new phase of neoclassical design? END
START where were the inspirations for the new phase of neoclassicism centered? END
START what book outlines the new trends of neoclassicism in this phase? END
START during the later 18th century the trend of neoclassic design attempted to simplify what styles? END
START this new style was an attempt to give what different feel to design? END
START what architects traveled italy and dalmatia in the mid-seventeenth century? END
START what did robert and james adam start in the seventeenth century? END
START who was trying to simplify the neoclassical design? END
START what book outlines the trends of the baroque style? END
START how did the old-style feel compared to the new style? END
START from around 1800 an influx of etchings and engravings came from where? END
START what was this new phase of neoclassicism? END
START prior to what century had there been little contact between western europe and greek civilization? END
START who led an expedition to greece in 1751? END
START what was the first greek building in england? END
START what influenced neoclassicism during the eighteenth century? END
START what had there been very little of in western europe prior to the 1800s? END
START i don't know: what was george lyttelton commission to produce? END
START what was the final phase of neoclassicism END
START what was the first greek building in western europe? END
START whose winning design for public competition began the dominance of greek style architecture? END
START what monument was created in 1818? END
START when was the general post office built? END
START in what year was the british museum built? END
START when was the national gallery constructed? END
START what do greek revival and in architecture? END
START the design of what college marked the end of greek revival? END
START what monument was built in 1823? END
START what high school was built in 1818? END
START how would the empire style of france be characterized by comparison? END
START what was the origination of the imperial roman style? END
START what was the corresponding style to empire in britain? END
START in the us, the style during this time of neoclassical empire was known as what? END
START what neoclassic style in france was less grandiose? END
START what took its name from the wall of napoleon the second? END
START what did the colonial style in the united states correspond to? END
START what did hugh honour see as the culmination of the neoclassical movement? END
START what other architecture style did neoclassical share similarities and vocabulary? END
START what qualities were more emphasized in neoclassical versus baroque? END
START in addition to being flatter, how were individual features handled with neoclasic? END
START how broad was the reach of high neoclassicism? END
START what was a national movement? END
START what used a different vocabulary then late baroque architecture? END
START what emphasized its sculptural volumes? END
START what architectural features had a less flat effect on light and shade? END
START what architectural style had less isolated features? END
START what ancient civilization utilized neoclassicism in city planning? END
START what basic civil planning system for streets is rooted in neoclassicism? END
START what are 2 benefits of leveraging neoclassicism for civil planning? END
START what kind of planning was influenced by classical architecture? END
START why did roman use and open ordered scheme for city planning? END
START what kind of city planning began with the romans? END
START what type of city design frequently used diagonal streets? END
START what was oriented towards the importance of public buildings? END
START what direction did british architecture go in mid 18th century? END
START what were robert wood's influential greek monuments from mid 18th century? END
START who began the revolution of greek influenced architecture in britain? END
START what brothers were instrumental in this greek movement of neoclassicism? END
START what changed the course of british architecture starting in the mid-1800s? END
START what move towards a less pure form of greco-roman architecture during the eighteenth century? END
START who adopted a combination of complex forms and high levels of enrichment? END
START what revolution was begun by the adams brothers? END
START where were architects like george dance based? END
START what author's 20th century writing caused interest in pure neoclassical design? END
START in what period did percy thomas design public building in neoclassical? END
START sir edwin lutyens' city planning in what city marked a shift in design? END
START what new design was trending after neoclassical? END
START who reawakened interest in pure neoclassical design in the 2000's? END
START what type of building did vincent harris design during the interwar period? END
START planning for what city marked the rise of neoclassicism? END
START what other area besides england experienced a strong gothic revival? END
START what style was powerful and eccentric by the end of the 1900s? END
START what is the name of the first wave of neoclassicism in france? END
START france's second phase of neoclassic is known as what? END
START what architect typifies the first style of neoclassical in england? END
START structure of whom characterize england's second phase of neoclassical? END
START who styled the court in france for more modern design after 1771? END
START what style marked the first phase of neoclassicism in continental europe? END
START what style replace neoclassicism in 1806? END
START what style was originally a court style and not a parisien style? END
START what king brought the louis xvi style to court? END
START what is the earliest example of greek architecture in france? END
START how concerned was france with greek architecture? END
START who's influence brought about greek revival in france? END
START in which wave of neoclassical was the greek revival in france? END
START who consider first-hand evidence of greek architecture very important? END
START what sought to discern the practices of the greeks? END
START what revival flourished in france? END
START what started with the crypt of claude nicholas ludoux? END
START in what town is the oldest neoclassical architecture in hungary? END
START what french architect designed important neoclassical structures in 1760s? END
START who designed the esterhazy palace? END
START who is famous for cathedral eger and esztergom? END
START what is one of the last examples of neoclassical architecture and hungry END
START what french architect designed hungarian cathedral in the seventeenth century? END
START charles moreau was a chief architect of what you hungry? END
START what two cathedrals did pollack design and hungry END
START when was malta introduced to neoclassical architecture? END
START what was the ruler at the time of neoclassical introduction? END
START when was rnh bighi built? END
START in what year did the st paul's pro-cathedral get built?  END
START what was introduced in malta in the late 1800s? END
START what became unpopular in malta following the establishment of british rule? END
START who was the ruler of malta following the neoclassical period? END
START who ruled malta in the 1900s? END
START in what are of architecture is neoclassical currently classed? END
START what is the term for sincere traditional-style architecture that sticks to regional architecture? END
START what is the award for major contributions to traditional of classical architecture in 21st century? END
START what is another name for new classical architecture? END
START what was neoclassicism classified under starting in the twentieth century? END
START what is new classical architecture also referred to as END
START what refers to architecture that uses a wide variety of materials and craftsmanship from different regions? END
START what is awarded to architects who contribute to 21st-century classical architecture? END
START when was the lull in neoclassical architecture? END
START what is the movement that caused resurgence of neoclassicism? END
START many post modern designs feature classic elements in what way? END
START what recent architect began to take elements of classicism seriously? END
START what type of architecture flourished from post-world war i until the big 1980s? END
START what two types of architecture saw a rebirth due to neoclassicism? END
START what did thomas gordon smith treat as ironic? END
START what university was purely dedicated to classical architecture? END
START why does modernism shape urban planning? END
START who has stirred controversy for development and design of chelsea barracks? END
START what family was funding the development of former chelsea barracks? END
START what new library illustrates the traditional style of neoclassicism? END
START what is the name of the library that illustrates the unconventional style of neoclassical? END
START is neoclassical design current in britain? END
START what country has a number of architects active in the roman greco style? END
START what architectural style is always traditional? END
START who promoted a modern design for development on the former chelsea barracks? END
START what building project was being funded by the british royal family? END
START what were some of the names given to language during period of foreign control? END
START what specific historical event caused a group of religious and verbal differences in south slavic dialect? END
START why was shtokavian the most widespread culture in the western balkans?  END
START what was historically formed by the ottoman empire? END
START what happened due to expansion of shtokavian? END
START due to population change, what became widespread in kajkavian? END
START what dialect went into the area previously occupied by bosniaks and croats? END
START what was the ottoman empire often a part of? END
START what were both serbian and croation standards based on? END
START which language officially served the kingdom of yugoslavia? END
START what ethnic names does serbo-croatian associate with? END
START in what year was a yugoslav state standardized? END
START what agreement helped standardize eastern herzegovinian? END
START what were yugoaslav and bosnian standards based on? END
START in the mid 19th century what was the official language of yugoslavia? END
START how did the break-up of croatia affect the language? END
START how many vowels does the serbo-croatian language have? END
START how many consonants does the serbo-croatian language have? END
START from where does serbo-croatian derive its grammar? END
START which alphabets can be used to express the serbo-croatian language? END
START what kind of phonology does serbian cyrillic have? END
START how many consonants are in gaj's latin alphabet? END
START where did serbian cyrillic evolve from? END
START what kind of word order does gaj's latin alphabet have? END
START name another language that common slavic can be written in besides serbian cyrillic? END
START did south slav languages develop coherently or independently? END
START what were the names given to the various dialects predating the 19th century? END
START who first used the term serbo-croatian in 1824? END
START for what reason is the term "serbo-croatian" controversial today? END
START in 1854 and 1859 what were slavic languages called? END
START prior to the 19th century what term was used by jacob grimm? END
START what was the language unofficialy known as according to the ottoman emprire? END
START what were the three names of a single official langugae in independent montenegrin? END
START what croatian linguist supported the term serbo-croatian in 1824? END
START which dialect did writers and linguists of both serbian and croatian backgrounds wish to use as their common standard language? END
START why was shtokavian suggested as a common language base? END
START what 1850 document formally declared the intent to create a unified standard? END
START after whose death in 1907 was the "bosnian" name changed to "serbo-creation"? END
START in 1850 what dialect did serbian and croatian writers propose to use as a standard language? END
START what did ljudevit gaj standardize in the serbian language? END
START on what basis was shtokavian standardized? END
START in the mid 19th century who signed the vienna literary agreement? END
START what did the signers of the shtokavian declare? END
START what is the term used for books that lay out spelling rules? END
START which language was that of 3/4 of the population? END
START of the two serbo-croatian variants, which had twice as many speakers as the other? END
START how many languages do west european scientists use? END
START where were all variants of albanian used? END
START what does the yougoslav army think of yugoslav language policy? END
START at what level was yougoslav language policy declared? END
START what percentage of the population in turkey spoke slovak and romanian? END
START what three noun genders does serbo-croatian have? END
START where are adjectives properly placed in the serbo-croatian language? END
START which number in the serbo-croatian language is treated as an adjective? END
START what three genders does slovene have? END
START what type of numbers are in russian? END
START what are the three numbers treated as in slavic languages? END
START in russian where are adjectives placed? END
START in slavic languages what must singular and plural numbers do when in front of a noun? END
START what is the term used when shifing the acent to the next preceding syllable? END
START which dialects did not follow the neoshtokavian retraction? END
START where can one look for memorization clues concerning accent positions? END
START what is the term used for shifting towards the orginal syllable? END
START when did the quality of the accent appear historically? END
START what offers some clues for how dialects were different? END
START what did chakavian, kajkavian and old shtokavian follow? END
START what was different about the sound of historical linguistics? END
START serbo-croatian is the only slavic language to use what two scripts together? END
START which version, latin or cyrillic, is most commonly used? END
START how many extra letters does the croatian latin alphabet have? END
START how did ljudevit gaj define the cyrillic alphabet? END
START how often is the zagreb script used? END
START what is standard latin represented as in the rjecnik hrvatskog ili srpskog jezika? END
START what group published the latin and cyrillic scripts? END
START how is polish used in the literary standard? END
START what is a dialect continuum? END
START what caused the dialect continuum to become fractured? END
START contrary to the 16th and 18th centuries, what caused migrations in the 20th century? END
START what did the spread of the ottoman empire in the 20th century contribute to? END
START what are two characteristics of urbanization? END
START what did the balkans create historically? END
START what did wars cause from the 16th to 18th centuries? END
START what broke urbanization into many geographical pockets? END
START which dialect covers more area than all other dialects combined? END
START what is morphology to a language? END
START what has caused stokavian to become more widely spoken? END
START what have chakavian and kajkavian dialects replaced? END
START what are three ways that kajkavian dialects differ? END
START in the past where were ottoman turkish languages spoken? END
START what area does chakavian cover after ottoman turkish conquests of the balkans? END
START what language is progressing in the balkans where non-literary dialects are spoken? END
START how many standard variants of the serbo-croatian are spoken? END
START in which areas are the four standard serbo-croatian variants spoken? END
START who concluded that serbo-croatian is a pluricentric language? END
START who believes serbo-croatian is one language with multiple variants? END
START what do the dutch argue about language? END
START what is the conclustion by hindi-urdu about serbo-croation language? END
START how many varieties does enisa kafadar aruge there are in hindi-urdu? END
START what is incluced into a new pluricentric language? END
START where are four variants of english spoken? END
START is it the majority or minority opinion that two different standard languages existed and overlapped at some historical point? END
START who stated that the argument between pluricentric or dual standard classifications has been the "longest, most serious, and most acrid discussion in 21st century croatian culture?" END
START which croatian linguist agrees with igor mandic and feels that serbo-croatian language is pluricentric? END
START what is the opinion of the croatian journal knjizevna repulika about the serban-croatian language? END
START what criteria shows that mandic is one of four language variants? END
START according to snjezana kordic how long has the language discussion lasted? END
START what has been published based on mutual intelligibility? END
START what is the opinion of most bosnian linguists? END
START which language groups lived in dalmation city-states prior to the 19th century? END
START today's croatian language has its roots in what other language? END
START prior to the 19th century, why was it irrelevant whether a person spoke croatian or serbian? END
START what language is modern day dalmatian based on? END
START what did writers from croatian literature make a distinction between prior to the 19th century? END
START prior to the 19th century where did croatians and serbians live? END
START what two city states were not distinguished by most speakers prior to the 9th century? END
START what is undermined by facts about dalmatia and dubrovnik? END
START to which group did the people of the catholic faith refer to themselves primarily? END
START after allowing for their religion, did the people of the catholic faith see themselves as serbian or croatian? END
START ivan broz stated that a dalmatian identifiying as a serb was just as foreign as what two other ethnicities? END
START what did most croatians who were catholic see themselves a part of? END
START to what group were macedonians loyal to first? END
START what did 30 serbs see themselves over a span of 350 years? END
START what did most intellectuals and writers note about dalmations? END
START what was serbo-croatian ideology not equal with in dalmatia? END
START what was the first book published in serbo-croatian? END
START for what was "evangel from reims" named? END
START in what year was the first book printed in serbo-croatian? END
START what region is the glagolitic missale romanum glagolitice from? END
START what did the bosnia church slavonic coexist with? END
START where did the luxurious and ornate texts of evangel from reims belong? END
START in what year was the first printed book in lika made? END
START what town was the missal of duke novak named after? END
START which agreement was signed in 1954 by writers, linguists, and literary critics? END
START on what principle did the novi sad agreement focus upon? END
START who was given the task of creating a dictionary in the novi sad agreement? END
START what did serbian writers and linguists sign in 1967? END
START what was the conclusion of the agreement backed by matica srpska and matikca hrvatska in 2012? END
START what did use of the latin alphabet insist upon? END
START in official contexts what should be the name of the dictionary? END
START during 1967 how many books were published at the same time? END
START which tense indicates that an action hasn't finished? END
START which two states do shtokavian verbs have? END
START when is the perspective aspect of a verb used? END
START what are two aspects the kajkavian verb has? END
START what do prefixes come in usually? END
START what is the stem change created out of? END
START what do some shtokavian verbs favor? END
START what do limited duration actions compensate for? END
START to what did the ending -ei evolve into in ijekavian neostokavian? END
START what is the western equivalent of the prefix "pre"? END
START why did pre or prije develop rather than the symboled "pre"? END
START what is the meaning of "pri"? END
START what did the short jat preceeded by r develop into in western dialects? END
START what are the past participle rules not without? END
START in western neostokavian dialects what did the pre prefix become when its long? END
START in ikavian pronunications what did ri evolve into? END
START why did re or ri develop instead of pre? END
START all slavic vernaculars were called what among romans? END
START who is considered the most competent serbian scientist on language? END
START where was milan resetar born? END
START which language does milan resetar state that dubrovnik derived from? END
START what does the opinion of roman inhabitants not have? END
START what were all croatian vernaculars called among romans? END
START where was jagic born? END
START what did roman inhabitants write about croatian and serbian? END
START who is the most competent croatian scientist on language? END
START what opinions do croatian nationalists have on the language issue? END
START which language did ljudevit gaj and vuk karadzic prefer? END
START where is the neostokavian-ijekavian language predominantely spoken? END
START how do serbian nationalists feel about the croatians using their language? END
START what do bosnians have conflicting views on? END
START who claims that the stokavian dialect has appropriated the bosnian language? END
START what do cakavian croats claim about language divergence? END
START what do bosnians claim in extreme formulations about language? END
START what is one thing neostokavian nationalists claim about serbs and bosnians? END
START in which province are serbian and croatian both languages offial? END
START to what should the language be referred to instead of "bosnian"? END
START in what elementary grades is bosnian an optional course? END
START what languages are the official ones in sanzak? END
START where is a large serbian minority located? END
START what is controversial in 1st and 2nd grade of the elementary school.  END
START what is considered moot in novi pazar? END
START what should novi pazar be referred to rather than "bosnian?" END
START was cbc one of the first or last stations to adopt a 24 hour schedule? END
START when did stations previously sign off the air? END
START what did private stations air when programming was not ticketed? END
START what does cbc use unallotted airtime for? END
START which french station has refused to adopt a 24 hour schedule? END
START when did the cbc begin to air programming on their network? END
START what time period did the fcc once require broadcasters to sign off the air? END
START polls show that viewers prefer when 24 hour stations air what type of content? END
START what popular news network was cbc news network inspired by? END
START which french news station is cbc news greatest competitor? END
START in what year did the network end american programming? END
START which recent (2007-2008) shows helped the network regain popularity? END
START what foreign programming is shown on the cbc after 1998? END
START what two private canadian broadcasters did the cbc merge with? END
START what were two controversial shows that lowered the ratings of the cbc? END
START what type of programming is permitted to be broadcast in canada? END
START for how long has the cbc maintained its lead over other broadcast networks? END
START which company owns the rights to national hockey league broadcasts? END
START where are affiliates of hnic aired? END
START where are hnic broadcasts aired? END
START what company was purchased by the cbc in order to air the national hockey league? END
START what is the most popular program that is aired by cbc-television networks? END
START why was it necessary to the cbc to purchase rogers communication? END
START the crtc has limited the cbc promos and other cbc television programs that can appear during which broadcast? END
START what did the 11pm broadcast of the national omit? END
START which title is cbc's flagship newscast? END
START when did cbc discontinue its late-night broadcast of the national? END
START during hockey season, when does the late night news update occur? END
START why did the cbc cancel the 11pm broadcast of the national? END
START when did the first episode of the national air? END
START during what television season did the cbc start broadcasting hockey night in canada? END
START the cbc has found that newscasts should not take up more time than this event? END
START what times are generally reserved for local newscasts? END
START when do most other stations view their local newscasts? END
START when does cbc news now air? END
START consumers have complained that cbc stations tend to fill early evenings with what type of programming? END
START what popular cbc news program has won awards for their newscasts? END
START what documentary series did the cbc recently gain rights to in order to increase their ratings? END
START what weekly newsmagizine has played since the inception of the cbc station? END
START what year did hnic begin being broadcasted on cbc? END
START what did cbc air during the nhl lockout? END
START what did cbc call it's movie showings during the nhl lockout? END
START on what nights does cbc generally reserve broadcasting for hockey? END
START what popular show has aired on the cbc since its inception in 1952? END
START the nhl refused the cbc access to hockey games during which season? END
START the cbc lost sponsorship when they refused to air what games? END
START when movie night in canada was not successful, what other sports team rights did the cbc acquire? END
START cbc was eclusive carrier of what other sport during the 2004-2005 season? END
START what is cbc country canada now called? END
START who became the new exclusive carrier of curling broadcasts during the 2008-2009 season? END
START on what day was it announced cbc had lost exclusve rights to curling broadcasting? END
START what popular canadian sport event overtook hockey viewership in 2004-2005? END
START the cbc created which network in hopes of retaining their contract with the curling association? END
START after numerous court battles, the cbc agreed to transfer exclusive rights to curling events to what broadcast station? END
START the 2008-2009 curling championship games led to the highest ratings in how many years? END
START which american newscast was taken off the air only two weeks after cbc began showing it? END
START why did cbc move the national in some areas? END
START for what purpose did cbc make significant changes to their broadcasting? END
START the cdc decided to model their news program after what american show? END
START the national was taken off the air due to what problem? END
START the cca was concerned that schedule changes would cause what problem? END
START twice a year, the cbc will retain new talent in order to serve what purpose? END
START what year did the cbc begin contributing funds to the show doctor who? END
START when did cbc end its doctor who contributions? END
START which doctor who spinoff did cbc contribute to? END
START which australian series has cbc taken interest in? END
START what was the cbc's most popular show in 2005? END
START what doctor who spinoff only lasted 2 seasons? END
START the bbc stopped giving the cbc special credit for doctor who in what year? END
START some of the australian dramas that are currently very popular in canada, include what shows? END
START what stations did cbc broadcast in hd in 2005? END
START where is cbc available for free? END
START what is required to view over-the-air broadcasts? END
START cbc television had to fight the cca to launch it's station in what 2 cities in 2005? END
START one of the advantages the cbc has over competitors is the ability to broadcast in this british columbia city? END
START the cca would not allow the cbc to broadcast unless they allowed this type of viewing? END
START what has helped to make the cbc canada's most popular station? END
START what station does not identify itself by its call letters? END
START who owns and operates most of the cbc television stations? END
START what are the first two letters of nearly all cbc stations? END
START what is the last letter of nearly all cbc stations? END
START which stations break convention and begin with "cf" instead of "cb"? END
START the cbc does not allow on air call letter identification with which of their stations? END
START the cbc receives most of its funding from this entity? END
START the cbc only offered radio broadcasting in its northern regions before the advent of what? END
START in order to join the cbc broadcasting network, owners and operators change their call letters to conform to this rule? END
START what are private affiliates? END
START minimally, how many hours are devoted weekly to network programming in cbc's private affiliates? END
START which broadcast do affiliates generally carry? END
START much of the cbc's income is generated not from advertisements, but other stations known as what? END
START the cbc tries to dedicate how many hours a week to public broadcasting programs? END
START cbc will terminate contracts when private affiliates opt to air what programs? END
START the cbc private news usually will air at what time? END
START cbc's contract states all affiliates must broadcast how many hours a day? END
START which cbc affiliate joined e! in february 2006? END
START which affiliate left cbc due to an agreement with chbc? END
START what two affiliates joined e! in late august, 2008 after which transmitters were not replaced? END
START cjfc, chat, and ckpg are owned by whom? END
START the cbc is losing influence to what to broadcasting groups? END
START on what day in 2006, did the cbc lose a large percentage of their private affiliates due to the chbc? END
START chbc is the only broadcaster licensed in british columbia after the cbc experienced a crtc disagreement with what station? END
START what independent media company has attempted to merge with the cbc? END
START what is the cbc's largest challenge with retaining viewers? END
START what was canada's date for the switch between analog and digital transmission? END
START what did cbc announce on august 31, 2011? END
START in march 2011, cbc and ckpr agreed to continue working together for how many additional years? END
START who purchased cftk and cjdc in march 2012? END
START the cbc cited not wanting to pay for the transition from analog to digital as it's reason for doing this? END
START the cbc's refusal meant that hundreds of thousands would not have television access after what date? END
START the crtc requested that the cbc negotiate with this station in order to extend their contract? END
START ctv and ctv2 purchased bell media in 2012 for what sum? END
START when did cbc shut down its analogue transmitter? END
START which cbc location has a lapsed area of coverage after 2010? END
START which us city can receive broadcasts from cbc's london transmitter? END
START what location in the united states has the highest viewership of cbc programming? END
START what has caused the ratings of the cbc to lapse since september 2010? END
START economic conditions and societal inequality has caused the cbc to ignore this problem? END
START what is the maximum distance that a city can be from a transmission antenna? END
START why is cbc's coverage preferable to other networks in the us? END
START did cbc air more or less live olympic events than nbc? END
START why was nbc criticized over its olympic coverage? END
START people prefer cbs's coverage of sports for this reason? END
START the cbc's has a great deal of competition with what american network? END
START it is difficult to find a broadcast network that does not engage in this practice? END
START nbc allowed border cities in canada to watch these games? END
START what was the deadline for converstion to digital transmission from analogue? END
START how many of cbc's mandatory transmitters were updated before the deadline? END
START which two large metropolitan areas lost cbc and radio-canada broadcasts? END
START the cbc petitioned to change what original deadline for converting transmission from digital to analog? END
START the cbc held elaborate fundraisers when it realized that it lacked the funds to transmit what percent of their transmitters? END
START the crtc reported that the population in what two cities were no longer profitable for their operations and recommended terminating broadcasts? END
START other canadian broadcasters accounted for how many of the rebroadcast transmitters? END
START when was cbc's anologue upgrade extension set to expire? END
START at the deadline, which area lost broadcast entirely? END
START did barrie, ontario lose signal for cbc, radio-canada, or both? END
START how many of the transmitters were purchased by the crtc in order to be converted to digial? END
START what did the complete loss of service prompt the crtc to grant? END
START what city in canada started a new network after losing all coverage from the cbc and radio-canada? END
START the crtc realized that it needed to break up the cbc's monopoly after it extended the deadline in order to prevent what? END
START how many people were intended to be served by digital transmitters, according to cbc's application? END
START how many people were previously served by analogue transmitters before the upgrade? END
START in what area of victora was cbc and radio-canada available? END
START the cbc lost customers due to their practice of doing this? END
START the cbc provided false data regarding analog versus digital stating that the coverage would change from what numbers respectively? END
START the crtc recommended continued analog transmission in what area? END
START cbc was replaced with radio-canada in what area of victoria? END
START how many transmitters does currently cbc operate after 2012? END
START when did the cbc announce service would be discontinued to analogue transmitters? END
START how much did cbc say they would save by ceasing analogue operation? END
START the cbc's yearly operating costs were recorded as this amount? END
START the crtc has limited the cbc to operating how many digital transmitters? END
START unable to meet the conversion deadline, the crtc took possession of how many of the cbc's analogue transmitters? END
START the crtc encouraged the use of there to maintain over-the-air signals? END
START the cbc decided to terminate all digital and analog broadcasts on this date? END
START how many transmitters did cbc intend to upgrade before august 2011? END
START for what reason did cbc attribute to delayed upgrades? END
START how many transmitters did cbc plan to upgrade total? END
START the cbc issued a statement to sell off its assets on what day? END
START the crtc agreed to help the cbc install how many transmitters by august 31, 2011? END
START how many stations did the cbc have broadcasting in analog in 2012? END
START the crtc assisted the cbc with the transition due to what reason? END
START on which day did cbc release an updated announcement stating they were striving to update all 27 transmitters? END
START on what date did cbc say it was striving to update its analogue transmitters by? END
START why did the ctrc send out a bulletin to broadcasters? END
START the senior director of the crtc issued a letter to address what concern in november of 2010? END
START on what day did the crtc plan to take over the cbc? END
START the crtc let broadcasters know the channels would continue to air in a news release in december of what year? END
START how many transmitters existed for the crtc to regulate? END
START when did the cbc decide to request an extension to convert their transmitters? END
START what percent of the previous population would a new digital transmitter have served in fredicton in comparison to the analogue transmitter? END
START was cbc's application for a digital transitter in fredricton approved or rejected? END
START what did cbc say would allow broadcasting to continue? END
START the crtc required that all conversions serve at least what percent of the population? END
START the crtc stated that it denied the application due to needing what?  END
START the cbc planned to take the crtc to court citing the superiority of this type of coverage? END
START the extreme wilderness forced the crtc to make exceptions to the rule in what cities?  END
START on what day did the crtc agree to allow cbcs broadcasting transmitters to remain active for another year? END
START where could cbc's channels need to be relocated in order to continue operating? END
START which of cbc's channels were required to be relocated or reduced in power? END
START when did the courts hear the case regarding the august 31st deadline? END
START what was agreed upon by the cbc and crtc as a fair date to extend the deadline to? END
START the crtc stated that the cbc refused to move their operating channels from what positions? END
START the crtc stated that the cbc  refused to relocate and reduce in power what channels? END
START on what date did the ctrc approve the shut down of cbc's analogue transmitters? END
START on what date were cbc's remaining analogue transmitters shut down? END
START how many analogue transmitters were shut down on july 31, 2012? END
START when did the crtc order the shutdown of the analogue transmitters? END
START when did the crtc shut down the 620 analogue transmitters? END
START how many transmitters did the crtc think were appropriate to leave operable? END
START what did the director of the crtc regret not being able to do? END
START what are the appalachian mountains called in french? END
START what are the appalachian mountains? END
START when did the appalachian mountains form? END
START in what era did the mountains form? END
START what are often called les appalaches? END
START when were the rocky mountains formed? END
START what language does the name of the alps come from? END
START what do the alps form a barrier between? END
START during what period were the appalachians named? END
START how many provinces are in the mountain range? END
START what is one of the provinces? END
START which province is often left out? END
START what set of mountains in the range have a different geological history? END
START how many provinces does the grenville orogeny have? END
START what is the name of the province that is constant throughout various definitions? END
START what has a similar geological history to the appalachians? END
START what is the name of the organization that leaves out the adirondack mountains? END
START what definition of the mountains remains constant? END
START what country do the appalachian mountains extend into? END
START how large is the zone in canada? END
START where does it start in canada? END
START where does it end in the us?  END
START what island is included in the range? END
START how large is the mountain range in the us? END
START what is the height in feet of the lowest group of mountains? END
START what is the name of the highest point in canada? END
START how long is the range in saint pierre and miquelon? END
START how high is the tallest point in the us? END
START what does the term appalachian refer to? END
START what states comprise of the southern appalachian mountains? END
START what does the dissected plateau region refer to? END
START which southern states are not referred to in the more restrictive understanding of appalachian? END
START the northern part of south carolina is considered part of what limited definition? END
START what states are included when the region is extended to the west? END
START what area did the narvaez expedition explore? END
START when did the narvaez expedition explore florida? END
START what did they transcribe florida's name as?  END
START what was the name eventually used for? END
START when was the name altered to appalachian? END
START what is the oldest surviving european place name in the us? END
START who named tallahassee, florida? END
START what was the name of the leader of the native american village? END
START how was the name of the narvaez expedition transcribed? END
START what area is usually grouped with the appalachians?  END
START what mountains does that region include? END
START what is the plateau known as in west virginia? END
START where are the true folded mountains located? END
START what is the name of the plateau in southeastern and southwestern new york? END
START what is the name of the plateau that is not the allegheny? END
START what is to the north and west of the plateau? END
START what does the great appalachian valley do? END
START what is common among all the mountains in the range? END
START what is the climate like on the summits? END
START how many portions is the great appalachian valley divided into? END
START what ocean is to the south east of the mountains? END
START what are the names of the interior plains? END
START what divides the mountain range equally? END
START which group reaches the region of perpetual snow? END
START how tall are the mountains in newfoundland? END
START how tall are the mountains in nova scotia? END
START how tall are the mountains in maine? END
START how tall are the mountains in new hampshire? END
START how tall are the isolated peaks in notre dame? END
START what is the name of the 5,267ft peak in nova scotia? END
START what is the smallest summit in the new hampshire range? END
START what state are the green mountains located in? END
START what is the name of the mountain range in maine? END
START how many summits in pa are over 2,500 ft?  END
START how tall are the summits of mount davis and blue knob? END
START how tall are eagle rock and dans mountain? END
START how tall is the pinnacle? END
START how many peaks are over 4,000 feet in wv? END
START how many summits are over 2500 ft in maryland? END
START what mountains are on the opposite side of the great valley from dans mountain? END
START how many peaks are over 3000ft in west virginia? END
START besides snowshoe, what is the name of the other mountain at thorny flat? END
START what is south of the pinnacle? END
START where do the blue ridge mountains begin? END
START what are the typical elevations of the blue ridge mountains? END
START how tall is quirauk mountain? END
START how tall are the blue ridge mountains in virginia? END
START what is the tallest appalachian mountain in virginia? END
START what mountain is just above the mason-dixon line? END
START what state is the potomac river in? END
START what is the highest peak south of the roanoke river? END
START what is the lowest point in the commonwealth? END
START what is the highest mountain in pennsylvania? END
START where did the mountains lay before the french and indian war? END
START what happened after the french and indian war? END
START what was the general opinion of the law? END
START what did the law likely lead to? END
START what did the backcountry settlers want to secure? END
START when did the french and indian war begin? END
START who were the staunchest supporters of the proclamation? END
START what law did the revolutionary war lead to? END
START where was george rogers clark from? END
START who was the british king? END
START where did a lot of germans settle?  END
START what dialect was created because of this? END
START where did these germans eventually occupy? END
START what is another name for eastern pennsylvania? END
START what language was created in shenandoah valley? END
START who settled at the beginning of south mountain? END
START who did the english cede shenandoah valley to? END
START what area did the cherokee reclaim? END
START what is one typical bird found in the range? END
START what is the scientific name for warblers? END
START what type of songbird is rarely found in the forests? END
START what type of duck is rarely found in the forests? END
START what is the scientific name of the wild raven? END
START how many species of tree squirrel are commonly found in the range? END
START what is the most commonly seen species? END
START what does the squirrel share its habitat with? END
START what is found more in the northern portions? END
START which species is commonly found more in spruce-fir forests? END
START how many species of animals are in the appalachian forests? END
START what is the northern flying squirrel smaller than? END
START what is the least commonly seen squirrel in moderate elevation? END
START what trees are the red squirrel confined to? END
START what is the most commonly seen squirrel in higher elevations? END
START what trees are typically found in the dryer portions? END
START what species of tree was pretty much eliminated? END
START what does the tree live on? END
START what trees replaced chestnut trees? END
START what species has had a comeback in the uplands? END
START what were hickories nearly exterminated by? END
START what type of tree are chestnuts replacing? END
START what form of chestnut is attacked most viciously by the fungus? END
START where does the fungus originate from? END
START what kind of oaks are in the central and southern portions? END
START what other tree is common there? END
START what trees are located in drier portions? END
START what is the dominate type of oak in the appalachians? END
START what are the five primary types of hickories? END
START where do black oaks primarily thrive? END
START which two types of oak are rarest in the northern appalachians? END
START which form of oak is found furthest south? END
START what are the names of the two chief summits? END
START what is the unaka front divided into? END
START what front is located in northern georgia? END
START how many peaks in northern georgia exceed 1,200 ft? END
START what is the name of the drainage divide? END
START what is north of the potomac river? END
START what geological feature causes the main rivers t orun transverse? END
START what state is the james river located in? END
START what types of rocks were unharmed during plate collision? END
START when was pangaea? END
START what is another name for the appalachians? END
START what is the name of the mountain range now located in scotland? END
START what country were the appalachians originally located in? END
START when did the appalachian passive margin become quiet? END
START what did appalachian collide with and sink under? END
START what was the name of the first collision of north america and appalachia? END
START what was the name of the orogeny before taconic? END
START what was the name of the volcanoes? END
START during what era did the appalachian mountains begin to erode? END
START what did erosion create in the cenozoic era? END
START what rejuvenated the bedrock? END
START what defined the folds and faults? END
START how long did it take to carve canyons? END
START what is another name for anthracite coal? END
START what helps to preserve ecosystems in the appalachians? END
START what kinds of fields are in southwestern kentucky? END
START which part of ohio has the metamorphosed form of coal? END
START what is the asl height of the red spruce in the cold valleys? END
START how high does the black spruce grow? END
START where does the red spruce grow in pennsylvania? END
START how far south can red spruces be found? END
START which part of canada are black spruces found in? END
START how many species of oaks are found in the appalachians? END
START what type of tree is found most often below 5,500 ft? END
START what is the scientific name of the oak tree? END
START what is the lowest asl oaks are usually found at? END
START in what state are fraser firs associated with oaks? END
START what insect is extirpating spruces? END
START carolina hemlock requires what kind of soil compared to firs? END
START what kinds of trees are at a lower elevation than canada hemlocks? END
START where are carolina hemlocks traditionally found? END
START what tree contrasted with the canada hemlock is not affected by the adelgid? END
START what type of species is the pitch pine? END
START what is the only species that occupies sandy sites? END
START what is red pine valued for? END
START what other species besides the white pine enjoys moist soil? END
START what types of habitat are difficult for the white pine to do well in? END
START what type of trees are lacking in the appalachian? END
START where was e. lucy braun from? END
START when were the hardwood trees discovered? END
START where are the perennial herbs primarily located? END
START what are examples of foregoing trees? END
START where are the northern hardwoods the most diverse? END
START what is the scientific name for the american beech? END
START which part of the appalachians have a significant number of shrubs at high elevations? END
START what are found more frequently in the rich mesic forests? END
START what type of layers do oak forests have plenty of? END
START what type of soils do most mesic forests have? END
START what type of rock do rhododendrons grow near? END
START what is rarely found near moist areas? END
START what is the name of the shrub associated with the chinquapin oak? END
START what is worse than the hemlock woolly adelgid? END
START what type of sprouts have a hard time growing? END
START what is considered more serious than beech bark disease complex? END
START what is the scientific name for the adelgid? END
START what does the hemlock woolly adelgid help improve? END
START why has the rabbit increased in numbers as of late? END
START what is the scientific name for the north american cougar? END
START what kind of crops was the eastern wolf responsible for destroying? END
START where is the elk found? END
START what has the only population of snowshoe hares south of the st. lawrence river? END
START what is the name of the most commonly seen salamander? END
START what are the frogs and toads the largest class of? END
START what tends to detract from the nutrient cycle of the forest? END
START what consumes the salamanders and amphibians? END
START what are species of salamanders called as a group? END
START what are found more often than amphibians? END
START what is the largest venomous snake in the appalachians? END
START how large can the black rat snake grow? END
START which kind of turtle is only found in the eastern appalachians? END
START what kind of snake is a good climber? END
START what prevented the appalachian expansion? END
START what prevented the settlers from going to the coastal plains? END
START what were the names of the valleys that were impossible to pass? END
START who had the spanish colonies allied with? END
START what were the name of the french tribes? END
START when did french colonists breach allegheny? END
START who did the french take the transmontane region from? END
START who did the english ally with in the war? END
START what were the american armies supported by? END
START who was america in league with in the great valley? END
START in what year did the company that was to become ibm form? END
START what was the name of the company that eventually became ibm? END
START in what year did ibm get its name? END
START what nickname was given to ibm? END
START what is one parent company of the computing-tabulating-recording company? END
START what was the original name of the bundy manufacturing company? END
START in what year was the bundy manufacturing company created? END
START what was the nickname that was used for the bundy manufacturing company? END
START who first used the name bundy manufacturing company? END
START why did  thomas j. watson first use the name bundy maufacturing company? END
START how many employees did ibm have in 2012? END
START what was the ranking in terms of market cap for ibm in 2012? END
START in 2011 forbes, by revenue, ranked ibm at what rank globally? END
START at what rank was ibm rated as a global brand by interbrand? END
START in 2012 fortune ranked the largest us firms by number employees, what was ibms rank? END
START how many employees did forbes have in 2012? END
START how was forbes ranked as far as number of employees in 2012? END
START how profitable was forbes considered in 2012? END
START what rank did forbes have in terms of revenue in 2012? END
START how was forbes ranked globally for revenue in 2011? END
START under what name do research laboratories operated by ibm work under? END
START how many research labs does ibm have world wide? END
START in 2013 how many years had ibm generated the most patents by a business? END
START how many nobel prizes have been won by ibm employees? END
START this ibm invention is known by the acronym upc, what is the full name? END
START how many labs work for the watson company? END
START how long has watson held the record for holding the most patents by a business? END
START how many nobel prizes has watson been awarded? END
START what is one invention made by the watson company that is used by people everyday? END
START what code was developed by watson that's used in grocery stores? END
START what was ibm's operating margin in 2004? END
START what were the net profit margins of ibm in 2004? END
START ibm's net profit margins were 16.5% in what year? END
START ibm's operating margin in 2013 was what? END
START ibm focusing on markets like business continuity, business intelligence, security, and cloud computing is an example of ibm doing what? END
START what has happened to dram's since they were created? END
START how did ibm's profitability get better when it got out of the data analytics market? END
START what was the average operating margin for hard disk drive producers in 2004? END
START what did the operating margin for hard disk drive producers expand to in 2013? END
START how much net profit did the average hard disk drive producer make in 2004? END
START in what year did ibm acquire kenexa? END
START ibm made an acquisition in 2009, name it. END
START ibm span off its printer manufacturer in 1991, what was its name? END
START ibm sold two product lines to lenovo, name them. END
START what was the name of the company that ibm micro electronics was offloaded to? END
START in what year did lexmark acquire kenexa? END
START what company was created by kenexa in 2012 to manufacture printers? END
START what product lines were produced by kenexa in 2012? END
START what company did kenexa sell lexmark to? END
START what manufacturing area was pwc a leader in? END
START on what date did the companies that became the computing-tabulating-recording company get consolidated? END
START name the individual that consolidated the companies that were to become the computing-tabulating-recording company. END
START in what year did the companies owned by computing-tabulating-recording company finally integrate? END
START where was the ctr business office? END
START in 1933 the four companies owned by ctr had how many employees? END
START where was charles ranlett flint originally from? END
START in what year was endicott created by charles ranlett flint? END
START in what state was endicott consolidated into one company? END
START how many employees worked at the holding company in 1911? END
START what was the original name of the endicott company? END
START in what year did thomas j. watson, sr. join ctr? END
START thomas j. watson sr. was fired from what company? END
START what was the favorite slogan of thomas j. watson sr.? END
START the revenues did what under the first 4 years of watson being president? END
START the name international business machines was first used in what year? END
START in what year did ctr first use think as its slogan? END
START who did thomas j. watson, sr fire from the ctr company? END
START when did patterson join the national cash register company? END
START what happened to the revenue of the national cash register company when patterson became president? END
START what kind of benefits were given to employees of the national cash register company? END
START what what was the name of the subsidiary working in germany during world war 2? END
START records for how many people were maintained by ibm in 1937? END
START what service did ibm provide for the nuremberg trials? END
START what year did ibm open its first office in bahrain? END
START what was the eventual name of the company that ibm operated in saudi arabia? END
START what did bahrain's tabulating equipment help organizations process? END
START how many people were employed by the third reich? END
START what two types of weapons were used by the third reich in 1937? END
START in what year did the nuremburg trials begin? END
START in what year did the german subsidiary dehomag open for business? END
START thomas watson sr. stepped down in what year? END
START in 1956 the company demonstrated the first example of what? END
START what computer did arthur l. samuel program to play checkers in 1957? END
START in 1957 the fortran language was created, what is fortran short for? END
START in 1961 who became the president of ibm? END
START in what year did albert l. williams step down from the company? END
START what did albert l. willaims program to learn from its experience when playing checkers? END
START what machine was created by fortran in 1952? END
START what system was developed for fortran in 1952 to help it play checkers? END
START in what year did ibm open its first office in poughkeepsie? END
START one company that ibm acquired in 2002 is? END
START in 2003 ibm hosted an online discussion with how many employees? END
START what technology did ibm use for its 2003 internet-based discussion? END
START what did ibm use to analyze the results from the online discussion? END
START how many employees took part in the subsequent online discussion in 2004? END
START what company did pwc consulting acquire in 2003? END
START what did employees introduce to change company values? END
START how many employees worked at pwc consulting in 2002? END
START what did employees discuss at the  second jam event put on by pwc consulting in 2002? END
START where did the first discussion take place hosted by pwc consulting in 2002? END
START ibm sold its personal computer business to what company? END
START in what year did ibm sell its personal computer business? END
START what was the design for low cost data encryption named? END
START spss inc. was acquired in what year? END
START this program was awarded the national medal of technology and innovation. END
START who did micromuse sell its personal computer business to? END
START in what year did micromuse sell its business to lenovo? END
START what design did micromuse launch that is low-cost and can be built into a microprocessor? END
START what award was given to micromuse in 2009 for its blue gene supercomputing program? END
START what president awarded micromuse for the blue gene program? END
START ibm acquired digital assets of this company on october 28, 2015. END
START what will ibm use to analyze weather and make predictions? END
START when did the sale of weather company assets close? END
START the weather channel entered into what with ibm? END
START bain capital is a holding company of which company? END
START what did bain capital acquire from the weather company in 2015? END
START what will bain capital seek to use watson for in this acquisition? END
START why will the weather channel enter into a long-term agreement with nbcuniversal? END
START when did the sale of the blackstone group assets close? END
START when did bain capital become incorporated? END
START ibm has how many members on its board of directors? END
START what board member resigned in november 2010? END
START what year did william r. brody join the ibm board of directors? END
START kenneth chenault is affiliated with what company? END
START who is the most recent member to join the ibm board of directors? END
START in what year did alain j. p. belda resign? END
START how many corporate offices are there at ibm? END
START what is alain j. p. belda's main responsibility as a board member? END
START what chemical company is cathie black affiliated with? END
START what credit card company is doris duke connected with? END
START how large of a drop in sales did ibm report for fiscal year 2013? END
START what date did ibm announce that its executives would forgo bonuses for fiscal year 2013? END
START ibm committed to an expansion totaling this dollar amount in 2014? END
START how many new data centers did ibm commit to building? END
START who is the chief executive of ibm? END
START what did ce virginia rometty want to do with ibm's cloud storage business in 2014? END
START how much profit did the cloud storage business net in 2012? END
START what benefit was rometty the only one willing to forego in 2012? END
START what is one type of storage that has been more popular with youger generations? END
START how many times did ibm have to reinvent itself in the past? END
START what building did van der rohe create for ibm? END
START the 330 north wabash building served as what post world war 2? END
START the 330 north wabash building was recognized with what award? END
START ibm has towers in which cities? END
START ibm has worked with architects and designers such as ludwig mies van der rohe, i.m. pei, and van der rohe, name one  more. END
START what building did eero saarinen create for ibm? END
START what was the somers office complex used for after wwii? END
START what award was given to recognize the somers office complex? END
START what group gave the award to the somers office complex? END
START in what three cities does eero saarinen also have his works on display? END
START who was the ceo in 1914? END
START the quarter century club began in this year. END
START what is the name of ibm's internal magazine? END
START in 1925 the first meeting of this group occurred. END
START what is the hundred percent club composed of? END
START what employee management practices were first introduced in new jersey in 1924? END
START when was the first atlantic city publication made? END
START what was the hundred percent club created to boost in 1914? END
START starting in 1914, for how many years was the ibm internal publication made? END
START in what year did the first ibm sports team play in atlantic city? END
START in what year did ibm begin to provide group life insurance? END
START ibm created a school house in 1933, what was its name? END
START ibm employees created a magazine in 1935, what was its name? END
START what program did ibm launch in 1942? END
START what year did ibm hire its first black salesman? END
START in what year did endicott provide group life insurance? END
START what was created by endicott in 1932 for overseeing employee training? END
START what was held for female system service professionals in 1937? END
START who did endicott create a program to train and hire in 1942? END
START what was the name of the employee magazine in 1935 featuring the first black salesman? END
START who published ibm's first equal opportunity policy letter? END
START in what year was ibm's first equal opportunity policy letter published? END
START in 1961 ibm's nondiscrimination policy was expanded to include what? END
START how many inventors were honored at ibm's first invention award dinner? END
START starting in 1963 ibm started a program by naming 8 of these. END
START what was published by the board of education in 1952? END
START what did the judgement in brown vs. board of education cause to be added to ibm hiring policy in 1952? END
START how many people were involved in the brown vs. board of education case? END
START what act was adopted in 1952? END
START what was hosted by the board of education for the first time in 1962? END
START what date did thomas watson, jr. send out a letter about ibm hiring the best people regardless of race, gender, or origin? END
START ibm publicized its hiring policy to help negotiations in two states where in the u.s.? END
START what kind of workplaces did ibm commit to not building? END
START ibm expanded their nondiscrimination policy in 1984 to include what? END
START in what year did ibm add sexual orientation to their nondiscrimination policy? END
START what was sent out by governors in the south in 1953? END
START what did the letter sent in 1984 state to employees? END
START what is one type of workplace that governors of two states would not build? END
START what would a separate but equal workplace give to ibm so it would get ahead? END
START who would negotiating with employees about hiring practices help ibm hire in the future? END
START ibm began supporting this in 1998. END
START 300 linux kernel developers work here. END
START ibm created the software framework known as? END
START what is a notable legal case involving open source and ibm? END
START what does rdbms refer to? END
START what company was java supporting in 1998? END
START what initiative was created by ibm in 1998? END
START how much was linux worth in 1998? END
START how does java usually release code its developed? END
START where do 300 open source initiative developers work? END
START ibm runs what website for software developers? END
START in 2007 what happened to developerworks? END
START developerworks has content about open industry standard technologies like java and soa, what is one other industry standard technology it has resources for? END
START ibm products such as websphere and rational are covered on developerworks, what other three ibm products are covered? END
START the jolt hall of fame inducted developerworks in what year? END
START where was java inducted in 2007? END
START what site is run by ajax for it professionals? END
START what java products are a part of the ajax site? END
START in what year was ibm inducted into the technical professionals hall of fame? END
START what three open industry-standard technologies are covered on the ajax site? END
START what kind of processor was in the xbox 360? END
START how quickly did ibm take to create the xbox 360 processor? END
START playstation 3 featured which microprocessor? END
START who helped ibm develop the playstation 3 microprocessor? END
START what year did the nintendo wii u, partly developed by ibm, debut? END
START what did nintendo develop for all console gaming systems of the previous generation? END
START how long did it take for nintendo to develop the powerpc tri-core processor? END
START what technology did ibm, toshiba and sony design jointly for the xbox 360? END
START in what year was the xbox 360 first produced? END
START what was the codename for the xbox 360 when it was first being developed? END
START what will open client offering run on? END
START what is an alternative to the office document format from microsoft? END
START what percentage of its desktop pcs does ibm plan to install open client on to? END
START which platforms did ibm begin offering the ibm client for smart work on? END
START what web browser does the open document format have compatibility with? END
START what does using apple's mac os x help to cut according to microsoft? END
START what do you need to pay microsoft if you use open client offering software? END
START what is an alternative to using linux document formats? END
START what percentage of its pc's does ibm want to install firefox on? END
START what two platforms is microsoft offering the linux client for smart work on? END
START what is the name of the ibm project that redirected $1 billion each year to increase energy efficiency? END
START secure blue was launched in what year? END
START what type of hardware is secure blue? END
START who was the ibm ceo in november 2008? END
START what framework did ibm announce on march 1, 2011? END
START how much did it cost for ibm to produce secure blue? END
START where did sam palmisano make a speech in 2006? END
START what agenda was presented by von neumann in 2006 at the council on foreign relations? END
START what kind of chips were created by smarter computing in 2006? END
START what kind of framework was announced by von neumann in 2006? END
START what is the name of the program that ibm uses to search for new start-up companies to solve world problems? END
START how many smartcamp events does ibm hold worldwide? END
START who has ibm partnered with to allow retail shoppers to easily donate money? END
START charities of which nation benefit from the ibm partnership with pennies? END
START what company is known for the electronic charity box? END
START what global program is run by pennies so that they can find companies to partner with? END
START what kind of companies does pennies search for to partner with? END
START what did pennies go into business to solve in the uk? END
START how many companies partner with pennies in their retail stores in the uk? END
START in what year did pennies begin as a start-up? END
START what location is the birthplace of ibm? END
START how many gallons of liquid cleaning agent leaked from an ibm facility in 1979? END
START how long did ibm use liquid cleaning agents for circuit board manufacturing? END
START starting in 1980 how many gallons of chemicals did ibm pump into the air? END
START ibm was identified by what department as a major source of pollution? END
START what has drinking water been contaminated with for decades, making it unsafe in endicott? END
START when did freon leak from an underground tank in endicott? END
START how many gallons of freon leaked into the town's soil in 1979? END
START how many people were diagnosed with cancer in 1980 near endicott? END
START what was a local dry cleaner found to be the main source of in 1979? END
START what is a property of objects which can be transferred to other objects or converted into different forms? END
START in si units, energy is measured in what measurement? END
START mechanically, one joule is defined as what? END
START what is a property of objects which can be transferred to other objects or converted into different forms in biology? END
START in si units, what is measured in watts? END
START electronuclear is a definition of what? END
START how many meters of chemical work is required? END
START what definitions are there for types of energy, regardless of context? END
START common energy forms include what? END
START in newtonian physics, there is a universal law that says energy can be neither created nor what? END
START what law states, in part, that energy can change from one form to another? END
START what does uncommon energy forms include? END
START gravitational energy is stored by stretching what? END
START physical energy is released when what burns? END
START thermal energy gets carried by what? END
START what does the universal law say in plutonium physics? END
START how can the total energy of a system be calculated? END
START the limit to the amount of heat energy that can do work in a cyclic process is known as what? END
START what can be fully converted into work in a reversible isothermal expansion of an ideal gas? END
START what states that the system doing work always loses some energy as waste heat? END
START how can the partial energy of a system be calculated? END
START the limit to the amount of cold energy that can do work in a cyclic process is known as what? END
START what can be fully converted into work in a reversible isothermal contraction of an ideal gas? END
START what states that the system doing work always gains some energy as waste heat? END
START what states for "open systems" with no external source or sink of energy,that a system's energy is constant unless energy is transferred in or out by mechanical work or heat END
START give one example of energy transformation. END
START what transforms nuclear potential energy to other forms of energy? END
START what is another example of energy transformation? END
START give one example of linear transformation. END
START what transforms non-nuclear potential energy to other forms of energy? END
START what is another example of solar transformation? END
START what does pushing with gravity perform? END
START what type of energy escapes to its surroundings when mass increases? END
START what is determined by an object's movement through space? END
START what usually consists partly of kinetic and partly of potential energy? END
START what is a function of the position of an object within a field? END
START what is determined by an object's non-movement through space? END
START what usually consists completely of potential energy? END
START what is a function of the position of an object outside of a field? END
START what part of a system can be multiplied? END
START what classifications don't overlap? END
START what is dependent upon electrical potential energy? END
START where is chemical energy stored and released? END
START some types of energy are a varying mix of potential and what other kind of energy? END
START what is dependent upon hydro potential energy? END
START where is biological energy stored and released? END
START all types of energy are a varying mix of potential and what other kind of energy? END
START what do chemical scientists discover about certain phenomenon? END
START old forms are typically added that account for what? END
START what is a term for living force? END
START what is defined as the product of mass of an object and its velocity squared? END
START who proposed the idea of the latin: vis viva? END
START in what century did leibniz propose the idea of latin: vis viva? END
START who shared leibniz's view that thermal energy consisted of random motion of the constituent parts of matter? END
START what is a term for dying force? END
START what is defined as the product of mass of an object and its velocity cubed? END
START who proposed the idea of the italian: vis viva? END
START in what century did newton propose the idea of latin: vis viva? END
START who rejected leibniz's view that thermal energy consisted of random motion of the constituent parts of matter? END
START who was possibly the first to use the term "energy" instead of vis viva? END
START when did thomas young use the term "energy" instead of vis viva? END
START who coined the term "potential energy?" END
START who discovered the link between mechanical work and the generation of heat? END
START when was the law of conservation of energy first postulated? END
START who was definitely the first to use the term "energy" instead of vis viva? END
START when did newton use the term "energy" instead of vis viva? END
START who rejected the term "potential energy?" END
START who discovered the link between mechanical work and the reduction of heat? END
START when was the law of conservation of physics first postulated? END
START who largely formalized the developments that led to the theory of conservation of energy? END
START what aided the rapid development of explanations of chemical processes by clausius, gibbs and nernst? END
START who developed the concept of the introduction of laws of radiant energy? END
START what states that the conservation of energy is a consequence of the fact that the laws of physics do not change over time? END
START who largely rejected the developments that led to the theory of conservation of energy? END
START what hindered the rapid development of explanations of chemical processes by clausius, gibbs and nernst? END
START who developed the concept of the introduction of laws of stored energy? END
START what states that the conservation of energy is a consequence of the fact that the laws of physics change over time? END
START since 1819, theorists have understood that the law of conservation of energy is what? END
START what is another energy-related concept? END
START who is the lagrangian named after? END
START what is defined as the kinetic energy minus the potential energy? END
START is the lagrange formalism or the hamiltonian more convenient for non-conservative systems? END
START what is another non-energy-related concept? END
START who is the lestrangian named after? END
START what is defined as the potential energy minus the kinetic energy? END
START is the lagrange formalism or the hamiltonian more convenient for conservative systems? END
START this non-formalism is as fundamental as what? END
START when was noether's theorem created? END
START what states that any differentiable symmetry of the action of a physical system has a corresponding conservation law? END
START what has become a fundamental tool of modern theoretical physics and the calculus of variations? END
START when was noether's theorem destroyed? END
START what states that any differentiable symmetry of the action of a non-physical system has a corresponding conservation law? END
START what has become a fundamental tool of modern theoretical chemistry and the calculus of variations? END
START what theorem was derived in 1819? END
START dissipative systems with non-continuous symmetries need not have what? END
START in the context of chemistry, what is an attribute of a substance as a consequence of it's atomic, molecular or aggregate structure? END
START what is not possible unless the reactants surmount an energy barrier known as the activation energy? END
START what is the probability of molecule to have energy greater than or equal to e at the given temperature t? END
START who created the population factor e-e/kt? END
START what is the exponential dependence of a reaction rate on temperature? END
START in the context of biology, what is an attribute of a substance as a consequence of it's atomic, molecular or aggregate structure? END
START what is always possible except when the reactants surmount an energy barrier known as the activation energy? END
START what is the certainty of molecule to have energy greater than or equal to e at the given temperature t? END
START who rejected the population factor e-e/kt? END
START what is the exponential independence of a reaction rate on temperature? END
START in biology, what is an attribute of all biological systems from the biosphere to the smallest living organism? END
START what is often said to be stored by cells in the structures of molecules of substances such as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins? END
START what does h-e stand for? END
START how many watts is in one official horsepower? END
START in chemistry, what is an attribute of all biological systems from the biosphere to the smallest living organism? END
START what is often said to be expelled by cells in the structures of molecules of substances such as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins? END
START what does e-h stand for? END
START how many watts is in half an official horsepower? END
START for tasks lasting a few minutes, an unfit human can generate how many watts? END
START what is also captured by plants as chemical potential energy in photosynthesis? END
START what do plants release during photosynthesis? END
START what may be triggered suddenly by a spark? END
START what are two low-energy compounds? END
START what isn't captured by plants as chemical potential energy in photosynthesis? END
START what do plants retain? during photosynthesis? END
START what may be triggered after a long time by a spark? END
START what are two high-energy compounds? END
START what is utilized by dead organisms as an electron acceptor? END
START what does any living organism rely on to be able to grow and reproduce? END
START how many daily calories are recommended for a human adult? END
START where are food molecules oxidised to carbon dioxide and water? END
START what does any dead organism rely on to be able to grow and reproduce? END
START how many weekly calories are recommended for a human adult? END
START where are food molecules oxidised to oxygen and water? END
START what relies on an internal source of energy END
START radiation from the sun in the case of red what? END
START what states that energy tends to become more evenly spread out across the universe? END
START what are remarkably inefficient in their use of the energy they receive? END
START complex organisms can occupy this, that are not available to their simpler brethern? END
START what states that energy tends to become more grouped together across the universe? END
START what are remarkably efficient in their use of the energy they receive? END
START the conversion of a portion of the chemical energy to cool at each step in a what? END
START where is the hypothetical reason behind the pyramid of biomass observed? END
START simple organisms can occupy this, that are not available to their simpler brethern? END
START when may sunlight be stored as gravitational potential energy? END
START this drives many weather phenomena, save those generated by volcanic events. END
START what is an example of a solar-mediated weather event? END
START what occurs when large unstable areas of warm ocean, heated over months, give up some of their thermal energy suddenly to power a few days of violent air movement? END
START when may sunlight be stored as gravitational kinetic energy? END
START this drives no weather phenomena, save those generated by volcanic events. END
START what is an example of a water-mediated weather event? END
START after being released at a wind powered dam, it can be used to drive turbines or generators to produce what? END
START what occurs when large unstable areas of warm ocean, heated over months, give up some of their thermal energy suddenly to power a few days of violent air movement? END
START what releases stored elastic potential energy in rocks? END
START what does radioactive decay of atoms in the core of the earth release? END
START what drives plate tectonics and may lift mountains via orogenesis? END
START what is mechanical potential energy? END
START what releases stored elastic kinetic energy in rocks? END
START what does radioactive decay of atoms in the core of mars release? END
START what hinders plate tectonics and may lift mountains via orogenesis? END
START what is non-mechanical potential energy? END
START energy that has been stored in heavy atoms since the collapse of recently destroyed supernova stars created what? END
START what is driven by various kinds of energy transformations? END
START what releases another store of potential energy which was created at the time of the big bang? END
START what theory states that space expanded and the universe cooled too rapidly for hydrogen to completely fuse into heavier elements? END
START hydrogen represents a store of potential energy that can be released by what? END
START what is driven by various kinds of energy transfusions? END
START what retains another store of potential energy which was created at the time of the big bang? END
START what theory states that space expanded and the universe cooled very slowly for hydrogen to completely fuse into heavier elements? END
START oxygen represents a store of potential energy that can be released by what? END
START what process is triggered by heat and pressure generated from gravitational collapse of nitrogen clouds? END
START in quantum mechanics, what is defined in terms of the energy operator as a time derivative of the wave function? END
START what equates the energy operator to the full energy of a particle or a system? END
START what describes the space-and-time dependence of a slowly changing wave function of quantum systems? END
START in quantum mechanics, what is defined in terms of the energy operator as a time derivative of the sine function? END
START what equates the energy operator to the partial energy of a particle or a system? END
START what describes the space-and-time dependence of a rapidly changing wave function of quantum systems? END
START what is a set of permitted states, none of which are characterized by an energy level? END
START in the case of an electromagnetic wave these are called quanta of light or protons END
START what is it called when the rest mass of individual particles is destroyed but the inertia equivalent of the system of the two particles remains? END
START what is the inverse process called? END
START what is the process in which the rest mass of particles is created from energy of two or more annihilating photons? END
START what is it called when the rest mass of individual particles is destroyed but the inertia equivalent of the system of the three particles remains? END
START what is the converse process called? END
START what is the process in which the rest mass of particles is destroyed from energy of two or more annihilating photons? END
START what is created and changed to non-matter energy? END
START what is matter energy? END
START what states that there are strict limits to how efficiently heat can be converted into a work in a cyclic process? END
START what is the direction of transformations in energy? END
START what is often determined by entropy considerations? END
START why are certain larger transformations not permitted? END
START what states that there are no limits to how efficiently heat can be converted into a work in a cyclic process? END
START what is the direction of translations in energy? END
START what is never determined by entropy considerations? END
START why are certain larger transformations permitted? END
START what is non-equal energy spread among all available degrees of freedom END
START name an example of a heavy isotope? END
START name another example of a heavy isotope. END
START what is a process ultimately using the gravitational potential energy in the creation of these heavy elements before they were incorporated into the solar system and the earth? END
START in the case of a chemical explosion, what is transformed to kinetic energy and thermal energy in a short time? END
START name an example of a heavy transitope? END
START name another example of a heavy transitope. END
START what is a process ultimately using the gravitational potential energy in the creation of these heavy elements before they were incorporated into the lunar system and the earth? END
START in the case of a chemical explosion, what is transformed to kinetic energy and wind energy in a short time? END
START what active types of energy can be transformed? END
START when does energy give rise to weight? END
START mass is also equivalent to what? END
START who created the formula e = mc2? END
START in what year did einstein create e = mc2? END
START what quantifies the relationship between rest-mass and rest-energy within the concept of special relativity? END
START when does energy give rise to height? END
START mass is not equivalent to what? END
START who created the formula e = nc2? END
START in what year did weinstein create e = mc2? END
START what quantifies the relationship between rest-mass and rest-energy outside of the concept of special relativity? END
START matter may be converted to what? END
START energy may be converted to what? END
START why is a loss of energy difficult to measure by weight? END
START where are examples of energy transformation into matter found? END
START matter can't be converted to what? END
START energy can't be converted to what? END
START why is a gain of energy difficult to measure by weight? END
START where are examples of energy transformation into matter not found? END
START what equals 12 megatons of tnt END
START thermodynamics divides energy information into what two kinds? END
START what divides energy transformation into two kinds reversible processes and irreversible processes? END
START a reversible process is one in which this does not happen. END
START thermodynamics multiplies energy information into what two kinds? END
START what doesn't divides energy transformation into two kinds reversible processes and irreversible processes? END
START a reversible process is one in which this happens. END
START what isn't reversible? END
START what must not stay partly as heat? END
START as the universe evolves in time, more and more of its energy becomes trapped in what? END
START what is it referred to when more and more of energy becomes trapped in irreversible states? END
START in this heat death of energy, what does not change? END
START as the universe evolves in time, less and less of its energy becomes trapped in what? END
START what is it referred to when more and more of energy becomes freed from irreversible states? END
START in this heat death of energy, what changes? END
START how much energy is not available to do work through a heat engine? END
START what is not attached to heat engines? END
START according to what, energy can neither be created nor destroyed by itself? END
START the total inflow of energy into a system must equal what? END
START what can neither be created nor destroyed by itself; it can only be transformed? END
START according to what, energy can either be created or destroyed by itself? END
START the total inflow of energy into a system must not equal what? END
START what can neither be created nor destroyed by itself and can't be transformed? END
START whose interactions depend explicitly on time? END
START total energy of the system never remains what? END
START what shows that the conservation of energy is a mathematical consequence of translational symmetry of time? END
START what is the quantity which is canonical conjugate to time? END
START this mathematical entanglement of energy and time results in what? END
START what states it is impossible to define the exact amount of energy during any definite time interval? END
START what shows that the conservation of energy is a mathematical consequence of translational asymmetry of time? END
START what is the quality which is canonical conjugate to time? END
START this mathematical entanglement of energy and space results in what? END
START what states it is possible to define the exact amount of energy during any definite time interval? END
START what should be confused with the uncertainty principle? END
START what are simply lowest quantum mechanical energy state of photons? END
START what is responsible for electrostatic interaction between electric charges? END
START what results in coulomb law? END
START what are simply highest quantum mechanical energy state of photons? END
START what is responsible for non-electrostatic interaction between electric charges? END
START what results in casimir law? END
START in what type of physics, does this equality permit a qualitative understanding of virtual particles which carry momentum? END
START what is not known as fundamental forces? END
START what can be considered for the special case of systems which are closed to transfers of matter? END
START the portion of energy which does not do work during the transfer is called what? END
START give one example of how energy can be transferred between systems? END
START what can be considered for the typical case of systems which are opened to transfers of matter? END
START the portion of energy which works during the transfer is called what? END
START give one example of how energy cannot be transferred between systems? END
START the inductive transer of what kind of energy? END
START what are physical collisions which don't transfer kinetic energy? END
START what asserts that energy is always conserved and that heat flow is a form of energy transfer. END
START the first law of thermodynamics asserts that what is always conserved and that heat flow is a form of energy transfer? END
START what is a commonly used corollary of the first law? END
START what asserts that energy is always conserved and that cool flow is a form of energy transfer. END
START the first law of thermodynamics asserts that what is never conserved and that heat flow is a form of energy transfer? END
START what is a never used corollary of the first law? END
START what is an example of a pyramid-full of gas END
START what type of system has a poorly defined temperature and pressure END
START what is the principle that is vitally important to understanding the behaviour of a quantity closely related to energy? END
START what is entropy? END
START what is the mathematical result when an isolated system is given more degrees of freedom? END
START what is the principle that is vitally important to understanding the behaviour of a quantity unrelated to energy? END
START what is dystropy? END
START what is the non-mathematical result when an isolated system is given more degrees of freedom? END
START when an isolated system is given less degrees of freedom, what happens to total energy? END
START what is a measure of oddness of a distribution of energy between parts of a system? END
START who defeated the native prussians during the 13 century? END
START the balts were gradually converted into which religion? END
START which ethnic group become dominant following the 13 century just a few hundred years later? END
START what other groups during this period for form minorities? END
START around when did the old prussian language become extinct? END
START in what century did the teutonic knights originate? END
START what country did the teutonic knights come from? END
START in what year was the first peace of thorn? END
START what ethnic group dominated the kingdom of poland? END
START what language did the teutonic knights speak? END
START why were the prince electors able to proclaim themselves king of prussia? END
START in what year were the prince electors elect them selves as king? END
START what time period did east prussia and west prussia join to become prussia? END
START in what year was the holy roman empire founded? END
START what type of government entity was prussia prior to 1773? END
START how could those in eastern prussia get to the rest of the prussian state prior to 1772? END
START how was the holy roman empire connected to brandenburg? END
START what year did the kingdom of prussia become the leading state of the german empire? END
START what well known treaty would eventually would grant west prussia to poland? END
START what year did the nazi's fall in world war ii? END
START how many died trying to defend the province in kaliningrad? END
START how many people lived in kaliningrad in 1946? END
START in what year was the kingdom of prussia founded? END
START in what year did joseph stalin come to power? END
START which group took possession of prussia in the 13th century? END
START which two areas were slowly germanized during the 13th century? END
START what did the knights of expansionist polices eventually lead to? END
START what year was the second treaty of thorn enacted? END
START in what year was the kingdom of poland founded? END
START where did the teutonic knights originate? END
START what was the name of the first war between the teutonic knights and the kingdom of poland? END
START in what year was warmia established? END
START who led the kingdom of poland? END
START who converted to lutheranism and secularized the prussian branch of the teutonic order? END
START in what year did the teutonic order lose eastern prussia? END
START what did albert establish himself as? END
START who led the teutonic order? END
START in what year was albert frederick born? END
START in what year was the teutonic order established? END
START who was the polish crown? END
START in what year did the teutonic order begin to rule eastern prussia? END
START in what year did maximilian iii die? END
START what happened as a result of maximilian's death? END
START who revoked the king of poland's sovereignty over prussia in 1660? END
START in what year was maximilian iii born? END
START in what year was the treaty of wehlau signed? END
START in what year did poland attain sovereignty over the duchy of prussia? END
START in what year was the treaty of oliva signed? END
START who was the king of poland? END
START brandenburg was part of what dominating force? END
START what jurisdiction was the prussian lands under? END
START who elected there self as king of prussia in 1701? END
START what did the former duchy of prussia become known as? END
START in what year was emperor leopold i crowned? END
START in what year was the war of the spanish succession? END
START who had been the last leader of the duchy of prussia? END
START in what year did the duchy of prussia become known as east prussia? END
START who was one of the teutonic order grandmasters? END
START what wiped out one third of east prussia's population during the early 1700's? END
START what was lost in prussia's history during the plague? END
START what military overran much of east prussia? END
START in what year was royal prussia annexed? END
START in what year was the territory of warmia incorporated?  END
START what was ratified in 1773 in prussia? END
START in what year was marienwerder founded? END
START what was the capital of royal prussia? END
START what was capital of poland? END
START who was the king of poland?  END
START in what year did ducal prussia cease to exist? END
START what defeat led to prussia having to swear its allegiance to napoleon? END
START what city did king frederick william use to flee prussia? END
START what year did napoleon end of the war of the fourth coalition? END
START in what country is konigsberg? END
START who was the leader of the army napoleon beat at the battle of friedland? END
START what military leader did napoleon beat at the battle of jena-auerstedt? END
START in what country was memel? END
START who instigated the prussian reforms? END
START what was included in the reform? END
START in what year was east and west prussia first united? END
START when did east and west prussia split again? END
START who was the leader of the province of prussia? END
START who was the first leader of the regierungsbezrik of allenstein? END
START who led the east prussian province in 1878? END
START who led the west prussian province in 1878? END
START what did the northern districts of east prussia form in 1905? END
START was the population of the prussian province in 1900? END
START which religious group made up the majority of the population in prussia? END
START due to germanization which three groups saw a decrease in prussia? END
START how many people spoke the low prussian dialect in east prussia? END
START what religion were most prussian lithuanians? END
START how many kursenieki were there in the areas around the curonian lagoon? END
START what language did most of the jews speak? END
START what religion were the kursenieki? END
START which country invaded east prussia in world war i? END
START why did the russian army face such little resistance when moving through prussia? END
START in what year did the battle of tannenberg take place? END
START in what year did world war i start? END
START who was the german army fighting on the western front? END
START in what year was the first battle of the masurian lakes? END
START in what year did world war i end? END
START in what year did germany become a republic? END
START what was implemented that separated east prussia from germany? END
START what was implemented to provide transport to east prussia? END
START in what year was william ii crowned as emperor? END
START in what year was the second polish republic established? END
START in what year was the treaty of versailles signed? END
START who was the first leader of the second polish republic? END
START what was one of the countries that forced emperor william ii to abdicate? END
START who was the leader of the east prussian nazi party? END
START what large plans did koch have? END
START what even occurred during the summer of 1932 in konigsberg? END
START who was killed in the attack of the social democrats? END
START in what year did konigsberger volkszeitung become an executive editor? END
START in what year did kurt kotzan become the reichsbanner chairman of lotzen? END
START who was the local reichsbanner chairman of konigsberg? END
START in what year did max von bahrfeldt become a politician for the german people's party? END
START in what year did the east prussian nazi party form? END
START how were east prussians able to pay for land improvements and road construction? END
START what was the name of the initiative to help with the new projects in east prussia? END
START what did koch report to hitler in 1933? END
START on what date did r. walther darre become the reich peasant leader? END
START what religion was erich koch? END
START on what date were koch's "land" representative arrested? END
START what position did hitler have? END
START how much unemployment was there throughout the reich? END
START in what year did the nazi's alter around one-third of the toponyms of the area? END
START around how many places were renamed when the nazis entered prussia? END
START what would happen if some didn't comply with the nazi's with their demands? END
START in what year was the protestant reformation started? END
START what position did adolf hitler have in 1938? END
START in what year did adolf hitler rise to power? END
START how many polish places were there ordered to be renamed? END
START how many lithuanian places were ordered to be renamed? END
START how many people lived in easy prussia in 1939? END
START of the population in east prussia, what percentage of those were german? END
START how many east prussian jews were around in 1939? END
START what happened to those jews who remained? END
START how many latvian speaking kursenieki were there? END
START how many lietuvininkai were there? END
START where did the kursenieki live? END
START what language did ethnic germans mostly speak? END
START how many masurians were there? END
START in what year was the regierungsbezirk zichenau annexed? END
START what other parts of east prussia were transferred after the annexation of zichenau? END
START despite all the propaganda that ws presented to the east prussians what did german populations want within the country? END
START in what year was the regierungsbezirk zichenau established? END
START what ethnicity were most people in east prussia in late 1939? END
START what did most people in east prussia want in regards to germany in 1939? END
START how many germans were nazis in 1939? END
START what two countries were east prussia partitioned into after world was ii? END
START what was the city of konigsberg renamed in to in 1946? END
START what happened to most of the german population during the war in what is current day kaliningrad? END
START in what year did the potsdam conference occur? END
START in what country was kaliningrad in 1946? END
START in what year did world war ii start? END
START what was one of the countries that defeated nazi germany? END
START to what country were the german population expelled? END
START how many germans were living in east prussia in 1945? END
START around how many camps were set up by the germans during the way? END
START how many forced labourers were in the largest camp? END
START what were the children that were left behind in east prussia that was occupied by the russians referred to as? END
START how many germans were prevented from returning to east prussia? END
START how many wolf children were there? END
START how many forced labourers were there in the smallest camp? END
START where was the smallest camp established? END
START in what year was the first forced labour camp established? END
START in what year did the polish government officially take over the administration in east prussia? END
START how was the pre-war population in east prussia referred to as? END
START how much did the ukrainians make up in population as a percentage in east prussia? END
START how many were expelled in operation vistula in 1947? END
START how many chose to emigrate to west germany in the 1950s? END
START in what year was the polish commission for the determination of place names established? END
START how many lemkos were expelled in operation vistula? END
START how many ukrainians were expelled in operation vistula? END
START what year did east prussia become an official province of russia? END
START in who's honor was the city named kaliningrad from  konigsberg?  END
START between august 24th and october 26th how many german's left the oblast to the soviet occupation zone? END
START how many unregistered persons were there in the oblast? END
START how many people lived in kaliningrad? END
START in what year was the memel territory established? END
START what had konigsberg been named after? END
START how many people had lived in the memel territory? END
START what happened to the curonians who lived in the area in east prussia? END
START what did the russians consider curonians? END
START where did most of the curonians flee to in 1958? END
START in what year did the evacuation of east prussia occur? END
START how many curonians immigrated to west germany in 1958? END
START how many curonians had german names? END
START how many curonians fled from the red army? END
START how many curonians were left behind after many immigrated to west germany in 1958? END
START once the german populations was removed, what three groups  settled into the nothern area? END
START in the soviet section to the north, what did they want to expel from their land? END
START what else happened in the northern part of east prussia in the now russian area? END
START in what year was the military zone created? END
START in what year did leonid brezhnev come to power? END
START in what year did russia star settling ethnic russians in the northern part? END
START in what year was the new "house of the soviets" completed? END
START what has since been considered in kalinigrad? END
START what city was completely rebuilt after the russians and germans had bombed it? END
START how was the removal of the germans in east prussia usually handled by the russians? END
START in what year was konigsberg renamed as kaliningrad? END
START what are examples of how the present russian inhabitants of the kaliningrad oblast treatment of germans? END
START in what year did the city centre of kaliningrad start to be rebuilt? END
START in which year did  the present russian inhabitants of the kaliningrad oblast start to emigrate there? END
START what were common task of the corporation formed by the urban and rural districts? END
START what was the name of the corporation that looked over common task? END
START what has since happened from 1919 that involve the provincial diets? END
START how many representatives serve in each provincial diet? END
START how many landeshauptmann are there in total? END
START in what specific year in the 1880s did the landdirektor position get renamed as landeshauptmann? END
START how are the assemblies of the urban and rural district positions filled from 1875 to 1919? END
START the ottoman empire is also known as what three other names? END
START when was the ottoman empire founded? END
START who founded the ottoman empire? END
START where was the ottoman empire founded? END
START conquests by who began the transformation of the ottoman sultanate into an empire? END
START under the reign of who did the ottoman empire control much of southeastern europe? END
START during what centuries was the ottoman empire in control of much of southeast europe? END
START how many provinces did the ottoman empire control at the start of the 17th century? END
START along with provinces what type of states did the ottoman empire have control over? END
START what regions of africa were under control of the ottoman empire? END
START what was the capital of the ottoman empire? END
START what ottoman empire controlled lands contributed to the centre of transactions between east and west ? END
START when did the ottoman empire decline? END
START what nation did the ottoman empire align with in the 20th century? END
START what led to the decline of the ottoman empire? END
START an anglicization of the name osman i results in what word? END
START what house was the founder of the ottoman empire? END
START what was another name for the ottoman dynasty?  END
START what is the origin of osman's name? END
START in a literal sense what was the ottoman empire referred to as? END
START who was the father of osman i? END
START how many horsemen did osman i's father bring to aid the seljuks of rum? END
START when did the turkish seljuk sultanate of rum reach its demise? END
START what did the divided anatolia end up being referred to as? END
START to the edge of what empire did osman i push turkish settlements? END
START which city did osman's son capture? END
START in what year did osman's son capture an anatolian city? END
START what was the name of the son of osman that captured an anatolian city? END
START what city was captured from the venetians in 1387? END
START in what year did the ottoman's have a victory at kosovo? END
START what was an objective of turkey after its expansion into the balkans? END
START what empire were the controlled lands surrounding constantinople formerly controlled by? END
START what leader invaded anatolia from the east? END
START timur was the founder of what? END
START what battle between timur and the ottoman empire took place in 1402? END
START who recovered ottoman empire territories in the balkans in the 1430s to the 1450s? END
START on what date were the armies under władysław iii defeated by murad ii? END
START władysław iii of poland was also the king of what? END
START what battle took place on 10 november 1444? END
START in what battle did murad ii leave as the victory in 1448? END
START who was the son of murad ii? END
START what city was conquered on 29 may 1453? END
START what did the orthodox church get to keep in exchange for accepting the authority of the ottoman empire? END
START the orthodox population of constantinople preferred ottoman rule instead of what? END
START what was the main obstacle to the expansion of the ottoman empire into the peninsula of italy?? END
START during what years was suleiman the magnificent alive? END
START in what year did suleiman the magnificent capture belgrade? END
START suleiman the magnificent had an important victory in what battle in 1526? END
START after a victorious battle in 1526 in what present-day nation was turkish rule expanded to? END
START in what siege was suleiman the magnificent stopped when attacking vienna in 1532? END
START france and the ottoman empire united against what? END
START where did the french lay conquest in 1553? END
START the conquest of nice was an effort by suleiman and what french king? END
START what were the names of the ottoman admirals who commanded the conquest of nice? END
START what ruler recognized the ottomans in 1547? END
START who argues that there was steep decline and stagnation after the death of suleiman? END
START in what year did suleiman die? END
START by what year was it argued that the ottoman empire was merely "a shadow" of what it was in 1566? END
START beginning and ending with what years does lee argue that the rules of the empire were incompetent? END
START what factor caused inflation in the ottoman empire? END
START poor rule by what class of people strained the empire? END
START europeans gained on the ottoman empire in what type of technology?  END
START what types of conservative beliefs slowed the expansion of the empire? END
START what battle took place in 1683? END
START the empire ceased its expansion into what area after a battle in 1683? END
START avoiding the strength of ottoman trade was accomplished with the discovery of what? END
START what did the portuguese discover in 1488? END
START where did the ottoman and portuguese have naval wars in the 16th century? END
START who did the ottomans ally with in the indian ocean? END
START new coins were a proclamation of independence by the somali muslim ajuran empire from whom? END
START which spaniard led a battle in 1571? END
START what battle did the spanish win in 1571? END
START what siege occurred in 1565? END
START in what year did venice sign a peace treaty with the ottomans? END
START after signing a peace treaty with venice, in what region did the ottoman empire expand? END
START what was the late 16th century war against habsburg austria known as? END
START during what years did the ottoman war against habsburg austria occur? END
START what were ottoman irregular sharpshooters known as? END
START what was the population of the ottoman empire at the beginning of the 17th century? END
START a war occurring from 1603 to 1618 resulted in what treaty? END
START who recaptured iraq in 1639? END
START who had control over iraq before it was recaptured in 1639? END
START when was kösem murdered? END
START what years define the köprülü era? END
START what territory was conquered by the köprülü vizierate in 1669? END
START which grand vizier attempted a siege of vienna in 1683? END
START what was the war that took place from 1683 to 1687 known as? END
START which polish king led the fight against the ottoman empire in the battle of vienna? END
START what was the alliance against the late 17th century ottoman empire known as? END
START what treaty was signed 26 january 1699? END
START oltenia is also known as what? END
START the austro-turkish war took place over what years? END
START the austro turkish war culminated in the signing of what treaty? END
START the treaty of belgrade was the result of a war known as what? END
START what port was lost by the ottoman empire as a result of the treaty of belgrade? END
START what is one university that was formed in the early 18th century of the empire? END
START what type of school was established in the empire in 1734? END
START in 1754 what man convinced the grand vizier to allow the use of the printing press? END
START who was the ottoaman grand vizier in 1726? END
START in what year did an ottoman press produce its first book? END
START which group supported by russia entered balta in 1768? END
START near what region was balta bording? END
START during what years was the russo-turkish war? END
START the russo-turkish war resulted in what treaty? END
START the culmination of the russo-turkish war granted what to the citizens of ottoman controlled provinces in moldavia? END
START during what years did the serbian revolution occur? END
START what serbian monarchy was acknowledged in 1830? END
START there was a war proclaimed against the ottoman sultan in 1821, who declared it? END
START some parts of the ottoman empire gained independence in what year? END
START what did europeans refer to the ottoman empire as in the 19th century? END
START how many primary schools existed for christians in the ottoman empire in 1861? END
START how many christian pupils were in ottoman schools in 1861? END
START greeks in istanbul owned how many wholesale companies in 1911? END
START jews and christians were offered protection in the form of what assistance by europe? END
START there were how many wholesale companies in istanbul in 1911? END
START during what years did the crimean war take place? END
START on what date did the ottoman empire issue foreign loans to deal with the cost of the war? END
START roughly 200,000 individuals of what group left crimea during the war? END
START roughly 90% of what group were pushed from their homes or ethnically cleansed during the caucasian wars? END
START where did circassians settle to when leaving their homes in the caucasus? END
START what historian wrote that banks were the single greatest threat to mid-east independence?  END
START in what year did the ottoman empire declare bankruptcy? END
START what was the administration that the empire used to control its debt called? END
START who served on the debt controlling administration of the ottoman empire? END
START european capital in the ottoman empire resulted in what? END
START who held back the bulgarian uprising in 1876? END
START what war occurred from 1877 to 1878? END
START bulgaria became independent within the empire as the result of what war? END
START what nation attained full independence as a result of the russo-turkish war? END
START millions of muslims left the empire and migrated to what places? END
START when did the balkan wars take place? END
START what was the sole territory that the empire kept in the balkans after 1913? END
START how many muslims fled the balkans with the ottoman armies? END
START which individual estimated millions of muslim deaths in the balkans in the late 19th and early 20th century? END
START what era kicked off the end of the ottoman empire? END
START what was the revolution that sparked the end of the ottoman empire? END
START the restoration of what happened in 1876? END
START what were two major parties established by young turk members? END
START what territories were annexed by austria-hungary in 1908? END
START where did the ottoman empire begin its part in the first world war? END
START the battle of gallipoli and the siege of kut resulted in what? END
START the arab revolt began in what year? END
START what was the date that the armistice of mudros came to be signed? END
START when did the turkish war of independence take place? END
START when did the russian caucasus army advance into eastern anatolia? END
START what ethnic group was deported by the ottoman government from eastern anatolia? END
START how many ethnic armenians are believed to have died in the armenian genocide? END
START armenian women and children were deported on death marches through what desert? END
START two other ethnic minorities were massacred during ottoman ethnic cleansing, what were they? END
START what was the highest ranked person in the ottoman empire until the 19th century? END
START on type of system were the civil administrations of the empire based on?  END
START who had control over the clergy in the ottoman empire? END
START what was the main responsibility of the ottoman state as it relates to lands? END
START what type of practice guided the ottoman state in its responsibilities? END
START what was another name for the ottoman empire? END
START what was the other longest ruling house in europe known as? END
START from what origin did the ottoman empire come to be? END
START how many times was the the sitting sultan in the house of osman removed? END
START when was the reign of sultan mehmed vi? END
START the ottoman caliphate claimed by murad ir epresented what in islam? END
START the person with this what title was believed to be the embodiment of the ottoman government? END
START what was the importantance of the imperial harem? END
START what was the purpose of the palace educational system? END
START what was the name of the boarding school for christians during the ottoman caliphate? END
START the sultan of the ottoman empire had what honorific? END
START what was the council that handled state politics named? END
START what type of people were initially in the divan? END
START at a later point other groups were admitted into the divan, what groups? END
START a grand vizar began to be appointed in what year? END
START what was the name of the secular legal system under the ottoman caliphate? END
START what was religious law known as? END
START what did the ottoman empire attempt to balance in its legal policies? END
START how many court systems did the ottoman empire have? END
START what were the laws of the court system based upon? END
START what were the primary courts of the empire? END
START from what works was sharia developed? END
START whose words contributed to the islamic sharia law system? END
START where were the empire's law schools? END
START what other religious groups went to islamic courts? END
START who was the one that presided over the empire's islamic courts? END
START at what juncture did the qadi focus less on precedent? END
START what was one thing the ottoman legal system lacked? END
START what did qadis focus on in some areas? END
START what is another word for qadi? END
START reforms in the ottoman court system were based on what model? END
START how many tiers did the ottoman court system adopt? END
START what was the new ottoman court system known as? END
START what code regulated marriage? END
START in what century did the first osman i organized military unit form? END
START from where did tribesmen that formed a unit organized by osman i originate? END
START there were four corps of the ottoman army, what were they? END
START the ottoman army was among the first to use what two pieces of weapons technology? END
START in what conflict did the ottoman turks use falconets? END
START on what continent did the ottoman navy contribute most? END
START what region did the ottoman navy conquer in the early 16th century? END
START egypt was added to the ottoman empire in what year? END
START in what year did the ottoman empire lose greece? END
START the ottoman empire lost what territory in 1830? END
START which sultan distrusted his admirals during the russo-turkish war? END
START who was the reformist that had the backing of ottoman admirals during the russo-turkish war? END
START where was the ottoman fleet left to decay? END
START when was the young turk revolution? END
START what ottoman group wanted to form a stronger navy in the early 20th century? END
START what was the first date that the ottoman empire had an air-based military unit? END
START where was the first ottoman aviation school? END
START on what date was the aviation school founded? END
START what happened at the aviation school in may 1913? END
START what new military academy was formed in june 1914? END
START the goal of developing bursa and istanbul was an intentional act to create what? END
START who was mehmed's successor? END
START who did mehmed and bayezid encourage to come to istanbul? END
START what group were jews being persecuted by in europe? END
START persecution of jews in spain occurred after what event concluded? END
START the economic goal of the state was to serve as what for the ruler? END
START in what regions concepts was the ottoman economic system based on? END
START what was a way to reach the economic goals of the ottoman economic system? END
START what was the final goal of the state economic system? END
START what did the state economic system hope to avoid? END
START two of the most developed economic organizations under the ottoman empire were what? END
START what were the scribes of the chancery known as? END
START part of the scribal bureaucracy were trained what? END
START what did the scribal bureaucracy become? END
START the ottoman empire had the most developed economic organizations among islamic governments until which century? END
START what serviced as the foundation for the structure of the economy of the ottoman empire? END
START the ottoman empire caused navigators from which two nations to find another route to the orient? END
START who once used the spice route that the ottoman empire controlled? END
START when were direct trade links established with india? END
START when did christopher columbus sail to the bahamas? END
START what is believed to have caused the opening of new sea routes during the ottoman empire? END
START the formation of sea routes bypassing the middle east may have led to the decline of what? END
START what is another name for the treaty of balta liman? END
START what did the treaty of balta liman do for ottoman markets? END
START in what direction did land routes lose their importance? END
START the development of what caused people to expand areas of cultivation in the ottoman empire? END
START what dominated all economic and political interests? END
START what were the types of economies that were being developed in western europe? END
START the expansion of international trade through the empire was the result of what? END
START the rise of ports caused what in populations? END
START steamships and railroads rose with what else? END
START in what year did urbanization in the ottoman empire begin to increase? END
START what were two improvements that made cities more desirable to live in? END
START what was the population of salonica in 1800? END
START the annexation of what two regions resulted in large groups of muslim refugees coming into the empire? END
START muslims representing 200,000 of what group fled to dobruja? END
START how many refugees fled russia to the ottoman empire from 1783 to 1913? END
START what are the people from the balkans who emigrated to turkey called? END
START in what year did the ottoman empire end? END
START what was the official language of the ottoman empire? END
START what were the main influences of the official language of the empire? END
START what language was spoken by most people in anatolia? END
START which languages influenced by the empire was spoken in iraq? END
START what language was used for religious uses in the empire? END
START what was the public's literacy rate in leading up to the early 19th century in the empire? END
START at the end of the 19th century what was the literacy rate for the public in the empire believed to be? END
START what did people resort to when they needed to communicate with the government? END
START what were hired scribes known as? END
START what was the second language of those that weren't ethnically turkish? END
START the empire had a christian majority until what time? END
START what group ruled the empire until the 15th century? END
START what group began to decline within the empire in the late 19th century? END
START muslims accounted for what amount of the population of the empire in the 1820s? END
START in 1914 what portion of the empire weren't muslims? END
START the muslim sect known as the druze is considered what? END
START what was sultan selim i's nickname? END
START in what year did sultan selim i order the massacre of 40,000 people whom he considered heretics? END
START what group did sultan selim i consider heretics and subsequently slaughter? END
START under sultan selim i the empire swallowed what sultanate in egypt? END
START what system deemed non-muslims subjects of the empire but unbound by muslim law? END
START what code had been active for 900 years in the byzantine empire? END
START what were non-muslims also known as in the islamic ottoman state? END
START being a non-muslim in the empire resulted in what as it related to taxes? END
START what millet was subject to justinian's code? END
START the ottoman dynasty was preceded by what sultanate? END
START what is one way that the empire was described as it related to culture? END
START when the ottoman empire conquered a region what also became a part of the empire? END
START the seljuk empire was influenced by the cultures of others resulting in it being referred to as what? END
START what type of ottoman poetry is ritualized? END
START what kind of poetry inspired ottoman divan poetry? END
START what type of framework was divan poetry based on? END
START what was the romance genre of divan poetry known as? END
START what make up the largest portion of divan poetry? END
START prose in the ottoman empire did not develop to a higher level until which century? END
START what rules did ottoman prose have to follow? END
START what did the rules of sec require? END
START who wrote muhayyelât? END
START when was muhayyelât written? END
START what was the biggest influence from the west on ottoman literature? END
START during what time period was ottoman literate most influenced by the west? END
START during the tanzimat what western influence could be seen? END
START the poetic tradition had its biggest influence on what ottoman literary movements? END
START romanticism, and realism were two movements from the west that influenced the ottoman literary scene, what was the third? END
START what 1876 novel did namik kemal write? END
START what did i̇brahim şinasi write in 1860? END
START who wrote hasan mellâh yâhud sırr i̇çinde esrâr? END
START what realist novel did ahmed midhat efendi write in 1881? END
START what did writers of the tanzimat period hope to accomplish with their publications? END
START ottoman artists mixed chinese art with the art of what else? END
START the ottoman empire built structures in romania that included mosques, and bridges, what else was built? END
START why did the art of the ottoman empire develop the way it did? END
START beside edirne, istanbul, and egypt what other locations can one find the influence of the ottoman classical period? END
START were would one find the sheets where ottoman's created illuminated decorations? END
START what is another name for an ottoman miniature? END
START ottoman calligraphy can also be referred to as what? END
START who commissioned illustrated manuscripts in the ottoman empire? END
START what palace was the place of creation for illustrated manuscripts? END
START which art was important in religious symbolism and as a decoration in the ottoman empire? END
START what was the custom for those wearing shoes indoors in the ottoman empire? END
START where did carpet weaving in the empire originate? END
START where did carpet weaving initially spread to inside of the empire? END
START kilims were used by turks to provide insulation where? END
START the elites of the ottoman empire found what type of music important? END
START many of the sultans of the ottoman empire were accomplished at being what? END
START the sultan known by what name has compositions which are still performed today? END
START what rhythmic units does ottoman classical music use? END
START what are the melodic units used by ottoman classical music? END
START what are the three most used anatolian and central asian instruments in ottoman classical music? END
START which middle eastern instruments can be heard in ottoman classical music? END
START in late ottoman classical music one can find western instruments, what were they? END
START there were two main style of music in the ottoman empire, what were they? END
START what were the most distinctive style of music in the ottoman provinces? END
START the cuisine known as ottoman cuisine is in reference to the food eaten where? END
START in what kitchen's was ottoman cuisine perfected? END
START what is one type of religious event that the general public may come to experience the creations of the imperial palace? END
START preparing food at the yalıs of the pashas was one way ottoman cuisine might spread to whom? END
START what did the chefs ingredients in the imperial palace's kitchens? END
START turkish cuisine originates from what source? END
START the cuisine of what territories are descended from ottoman cuisine? END
START turkish and greek cuisine are descended from ottoman cuisine, along with the food of what other regions? END
START turkish coffee is descended from what? END
START pita bread descends from what type of cuisine? END
START in what century did the ottoman's start to desire foreign manuscripts? END
START which sultan ordered a greek scholar to do translations of work by ptolemy? END
START who did an ottoman sultan order to translate work by ptolemy? END
START how many years did ali qushji spend in istanbul? END
START where was ali qushji from? END
START when did european sport clubs begin to form in the ottoman empire? END
START where did football matches become to be popular in the ottoman empire? END
START what was the leading sport club in 1905? END
START in what year did the altay sports club form? END
START what was the football club known as ülküspor formerly known as? END
