START what kinds of governed nations may not have a specific, individual high court? END
START what is an example of a highest court not being specifically called a supreme court? END
START to which body can decisions made by this specific high court be appealed? END
START what canadian courts also are not specifically the highest courts in that country? END
START what is the highest court in all jurisdictions named? END
START what do civil law states tend to have? END
START where can decisions from the privy council be appealed to? END
START what is the courts of appeal superseded by in england? END
START countries with more than one supreme court may divide their primacy by what factors? END
START what is an example of the highest court in a federal system of government? END
START what are some countries that have a separate supreme court to decide constitutional matters? END
START a court system with a hierarchy of different administrative courts occurs in what kind of legal system? END
START how are some of the "federal court" jurisdictions divided? END
START what types of supreme courts to countries with a civil system of government have? END
START what document was written in 1902? END
START what do jurisdictions with a federal law system often have? END
START what term describes a system where the supreme court's decisions are binding over the lower courts? END
START what jurisdictions does this system not apply to? END
START in a civil law jurisdiction, rulings by a supreme court are only binding for which decisions? END
START even in civil law jurisdictions, decisions by supreme courts establish what? END
START what is the legal term for the precedence established by multiple court rulings? END
START what doctrine applies in jurisdictions that have a supreme court system? END
START what does stare decisis say about decisions made by lower courts in regard the supreme court? END
START what is the civil court precedent also known as? END
START what are not necessarily binding in common law jurisdictions? END
START when was canada's supreme court first established? END
START canada's supreme court didn't actually become that country's highest court until when? END
START if a provincial case is appealed, how is the supreme court's decision applied? END
START before 1949, supreme court decisions in canada could be appealed to what body? END
START what was established in 1785? END
START what was abolished in 1499? END
START what does the judicial committee of the privy council hear? END
START why can the title "supreme court" be confusing? END
START when did britain formally surrender sovreignty over hong kong? END
START when hong kong was a colony of great britain, which body was the highest court of appeal? END
START where is the jcpc located? END
START when was the court of final appeal established? END
START the standing committee of the national people's congress is seated in what city? END
START what event occurred in hong kong in 1979? END
START what is also known as the cjpc? END
START what was created in 1979? END
START what does article 29 of the basic law state? END
START what does article 185 of the basic law state? END
START on what date was india's supreme court established? END
START what article of india's constitution makes decisions by their supreme court binding on lower courts? END
START india's supreme court has ultimate power to determine interpretations of what? END
START when the supreme court ensures that lower courts have properly applied the law it is called what? END
START in addition to national laws, india's supreme court may also interpret what regulations? END
START what was created on january 29, 1850? END
START what was adopted after the creation of the supreme court of india? END
START what does article 414 of the constitution of india say? END
START why is the supreme court vested with the power of judicial authority? END
START what is the highest ranking court in ireland? END
START ireland's highest court has the power to determine whether laws are allowed by what document? END
START who is the highest judge in ireland's supreme court? END
START besides chief justice, how many other judges sit on ireland's supreme court? END
START where is ireland's supreme court seated? END
START the lower courts are made of a chief justice and how many other judges? END
START what organization's advice does the chief justice take when appointing supreme court judges?  END
START where does the appellate court sit in dublin? END
START where is israel's supreme court located? END
START israel's supreme court fulfills what two major functions? END
START israel's legislative body is called what? END
START israel's supreme court has uses what internal method to review its own decisions? END
START a retrial is also called what? END
START where does the israeli appellate court sit? END
START what types of cases does the appeals court hear? END
START what does the supreme court of jusice grant? END
START what is an "order trial de novo" also known as? END
START when did new zealand's supreme court come into being? END
START what is the role of new zealand's highest court? END
START what court's decisions may be appealed to new zealand's supreme court? END
START new zealand's second ranking court is known as what? END
START local decisions by what judicial body may remain within the jurisdiction of local courts? END
START what was officially established at the beginning of 1980? END
START what was the supreme court known as until 2004? END
START where are appeals always moved to from the high court? END
START what are the district court and court of appeal considered to be? END
START what are some of the territories within pakistan? END
START what type of cases may pakistan's supreme court hear from fata? END
START what pakistani territory's own courts retain supremacy? END
START what is the relationship between pakistan's constitution and azad kashmir? END
START what is the islamabad territory capital also known as? END
START what are fata, azad northern, kashmir areas, and ict? END
START which province has its own courts system? END
START the supreme court of the united kingdom holds supremacy in what jurisdictions? END
START what is the high court in scotland that has supremacy on criminal matters? END
START what legislation established the supremacy of the supreme court of the uk? END
START when did this act go into affect? END
START what body previously had judicial supremacy in the uk prior to this? END
START the constitutional reform act of 2009 established what? END
START what went into effect in 2005? END
START what issues were addressed under the scotland act of 1989? END
START what was the first judicial body in the united kingdom? END
START where is the supreme court the ultimate court for criminal and judicial matters? END
START what may cause some confusion in the us regarding state supreme courts? END
START the court of appeals is the high court in which us states or territories? END
START what is west virginia's highest court called? END
START what state's supreme court is the oldest appellate court body in the western hemisphere? END
START supreme courts in new york serve what function? END
START what is the highest court in virginia? END
START what state has the oldest judicial court of continuous operation in the western hemisphere? END
START in new york, what is the intermediate judicial court called? END
START what document established judicial oversight of legislation in austria? END
START what court is charged with the responsibility of deciding the constitutionality of laws in austria? END
START what is the german word for this constitutional high court? END
START what is the constitutional court's power over the executive branch of austrian government? END
START the supreme court of austria is known by what german name? END
START what was drafted in 1902? END
START who wrote the austrian constitution?  END
START what is the austrian term for administrative court? END
START what is the austrian term for constitutional court? END
START what is the austrian term for "ordinary courts?" END
START what is the highest court in brazil? END
START what are the two areas this court has supremacy over? END
START which legislative bodies does this court sit in cases over? END
START what other government officials are subject to judgments of brazil's highest court? END
START what is brazil's high court for labor law? END
START the superior labour tribunal oversees what type of elections? END
START what two types of cases does the superior military tribunal only review? END
START what conflicting outcomes does the superior electoral tribunal deal with? END
START what is the brazilian name for the supreme court? END
START what is germany's constitution called? END
START what german high court has the responsibility for interpreting this document? END
START the english translation of this court and its duties is what? END
START what unique electoral power does this german high court possess? END
START under what circumstances may the court enact this responsibility? END
START what is the german term for the german constitutional court? END
START what is the german term for federal constitution? END
START what can happen to a political party if it has repeatedly violated the german court system? END
START what can the german court declare in regard to legislation? END
START the german high court has jurisdiction over what two areas of law? END
START what court has supremacy for matters of social security? END
START what court sits in supremacy for cases related to employment and labor law in germany? END
START germany's joint senate of the supreme courts is also known by what name? END
START what else does bundesgerichtshof deal with besides taxation? END
START what is the bundessozialgericht at the top of? END
START what type of law is bundesarbeitsgericht for? END
START what is the german term for the senate of the supreme courts? END
START how often does the joint supreme court gather? END
START decisions of the dutch supreme court are called what? END
START the supreme court of the netherlands cannot interpret what? END
START what areas of interpretative oversight does the supreme court have? END
START holland's regular court system does not handle cases related to what area of law? END
START the high court for administrative law is also known as what? END
START what is another term for the supreme court of the netherlands? END
START what is the court banned from according to the principle of the states-general? END
START what is the term for the council of states-general? END
START what is the name of a court that deals with administrative law? END
START what type of legal system is the philippines officially? END
START the high court in the philippines is modeled after what judicial body? END
START what document grants the philippines supreme court the right of judicial review? END
START how many justices make up the philippines supreme court? END
START when all judges of a court hear a case at once it is called? END
START what nation's court is the american supreme court heavily modeled after? END
START in addition to the philippines, what country was spain colonized by? END
START what was written in 1897? END
START what does the philippine statute code state about the decisions of the supreme court?  END
START the spanish supreme court hears all cases related to law in what areas? END
START what types of cases can be appealed to spain's constitutional court? END
START what is the other power of this latter court? END
START high courts in spain do not establish what for lower court rulings? END
START in practicality, how do lower courts typically view the rulings of higher courts? END
START what are five supreme court judgement supporting a claim needed for? END
START what do lower rank courts always observe? END
START what action does the supreme court only allow for cases related to human rights? END
START sweden's two high courts are what? END
START what is a type of case heard by the supreme administrative court? END
START the supreme court hears what? END
START how are judges placed on sweden's high courts? END
START the ability to appeal a case provided by sweden's court system is called what? END
START what is the swedish term for government? END
START what other cases does the supreme court consider besides disputes between individuals and administrative organs? END
START what two courts are equally the highest courts of the land? END
START the supreme court appoints what position? END
START when was the supreme court of sri lanka created? END
START the sri lankan supreme court's decisions override what? END
START sri lankan law mixes what two categories of jurisprudence? END
START what majority is necessary in the sri lankan parliament to dismiss a president and the court? END
START what was created in 1927? END
START what was adopted before 1972? END
START what do capital-law and civil-law blend together to make? END
START the president of the country may play a role in what type of cases? END
START south africa used what type of system to determine it's high courts until 2013? END
START when was the supreme court of appeal created? END
START what court in south africa has authority over the sca? END
START when did the constitutional court become the highest court in south africa in all matters? END
START what existed from 1993 to 2014? END
START what was created in 2013 to replace the appellate division of the supreme court of south africa? END
START what was amended in august 1994? END
START what is the constitutional court subordinate to? END
START what nation's model gives the power of the high court to the legistlature? END
START what is the name of china's high court which sits as a legislative committee? END
START current decisions by the npcsc do not affect what? END
START hong kong's legal system was traditionally based on what? END
START macau's legal system comes from what tradition? END
START what is the ncpsc also known as?  END
START what country can interpret the laws of macau and china? END
START what country is the chinese legal system based on? END
START what type of documents does a textual critic usually analyze? END
START what is the proper name for textual scholarship? END
START why are there differences in ancient copies of the same text? END
START what do textual critics call a revised edition of a text? END
START what type of edition does a textual critic usually analyze? END
START what is the goal of the textual author? END
START what is the proper name for textual profession? END
START why are there differences in modern copies of the same text? END
START what do textual critics call a perfectly translated edition of a text? END
START interest in an analysis of what text has arose in the early 1970's? END
START why are scholars concerned with analysis of the gospels over the letters? END
START why is it important for textual critics to analyze the gospels? END
START what manuscripts prompted a textual analysis of the qur'an END
START when were the sana'a manuscripts probably written? END
START interest in an analysis of what text has arose in the early 8th century? END
START why are scholars concerned with analysis of plays? END
START why is it important for textual critics to analyze plays? END
START  what books prompted a textual analysis of modern work? END
START which manuscript was written in 1972? END
START what is one reasons shakespeare is a good place to focus on textual criticism? END
START aside from shakespeare, what is another book that is a major focus of textual criticism? END
START name two of the oldest civilizations that textual criticism has focused on. END
START why is there opposition to textual criticism of jewish and muslim religious books? END
START over approximately what expanse of time can textual criticism be applied to written works? END
START why do critics hate focusing on shakespeare? END
START what book did shakespeare write? END
START when were the most recent documents in criticism?  END
START it's too taboo to criticize the torah, qur'an, and what other religion? END
START what is the first goal when attempting to analyze a new text? END
START why is finding the first exemplar important in textual criticism? END
START the exemplar is otherwise known as what? END
START the final product of reconstruction is known as what? END
START what is the second goal when attempting to analyze a new text? END
START why is finding the last exemplar important in textual criticism? END
START  the first product of reconstruction is known as what? END
START  the middle product of reconstruction is known as what? END
START  the final product of reconstruction is known as what? END
START what is included in or accompanies in "critical edition"? END
START what is the purpose of the critical apparatus? END
START what is the goal of the textual critic? END
START a critical edition of a text is accompanied by what? END
START what is included in the first part of the critical apparatus? END
START what is included in the second part of the critical apparatus? END
START what is included in the final part of the critical apparatus? END
START what is included in "ultimate edition"? END
START what is the purpose of the rejected apparatus? END
START how many parts is in the textual apparatus? END
START what is the fourth part in the critical apparatus? END
START why are there multiple variations of texts before the advent of the printing press? END
START are printed editions immune to variation? END
START how do differences in works arise when using a printing press? END
START an edited text compiled through many sources is known as what? END
START how did they copy literature before they did it by hand? END
START how did they copy literature after mechanical printing? END
START how do printing presses provide identical copies? END
START why do textual critics prefer to use multiple sources? END
START different documents that represent the same original text are called what? END
START what are the variations in the text of witnesses known as? END
START how or why do variations enter a witness text? END
START as well as representing the original text, a critical text must also do what? END
START why is it important to document variations in witness texts when compiling a critical text? END
START identical documents that represent different text are called what? END
START what are the similarities in the text of witnesses known as? END
START when do variations enter a witness text? END
START what is the fourth way the textual critic considers evidence? END
START what is the fifth way the textual critic considers evidence? END
START what is a variorum? END
START what is the purpose of a variorum? END
START name one author who is less frequently the subject of a variorum. END
START name two works that are often the subject of a variorum. END
START what is the name for the collation of all unknown variants of a text? END
START what is it called when the variations are texts are read separately? END
START what book wasn't a product of variorum? END
START what author wasn't part of a variorum? END
START leaves of grass did not undergo what process? END
START what is often included in an eclectic reading? END
START why would someone prefer a second edition to a first edition? END
START do textual critics always include additions found in the majority of subsequent versions of a work? END
START what do eclectic readings not do? END
START why do people prefer a first edition shakespeare play? END
START which edition did not include an addition alluding to an event? END
START textual critics may reconstruct the last edition of a work without what? END
START what is external evidence? END
START why are older manuscripts preferred? END
START what characteristic of a compilation of witnesses is the most beneficial to a textual critic? END
START what characteristic of a single witness is the most beneficial to a textual critic? END
START external evidence is evidence of each physical witness, its date, source, relationship to other known witnesses, and what else?  END
START why do critics prefer the newest witnesses? END
START why do critics prefer minority of witnesses? END
START why do critics prefer geographically similar witnesses? END
START there are more early copies than what type of copies? END
START define "lectio brevior" END
START define "lectio difficilior" END
START what is the main principle of lectio brevior? END
START what is the main principle of lectio difficilior? END
START is a lectio brevrio or lectio difficilior approach more akin to the original text? END
START what's the term for "longer reading"? END
START what's the term for "easier reading"? END
START what is the term for when words are deducted for clarification? END
START what is the term for when there are consistencies in the text? END
START how many rules were proposed in the 1881 publication of the new testament in greek? END
START what is bengel's rule? END
START does ease of reading correlate to accuracy in relation to the original text? END
START what is more important for a textual critic: quality or quantity? END
START what is the criteria needed to include or dismiss a reading when critiquing texts? END
START when did westcott and hort meet? END
START when did westcott and hort go into business together? END
START when did they propose bengel's rule? END
START the number of supporting witnesses explains why readings are what? END
START which reading is less preferred?  END
START is textual criticism immune to bias on the part of the critic? END
START when did scientists begin searching for a more defined guideline for textual criticism? END
START what inclusion helps readers and critics understand the motivation behind the compiler? END
START what is a further benefit of including sources, texts and original images in a critique? END
START what canons are not susceptible to interpretation? END
START what canons are not contradictory? END
START when did scholars stop looking for more rigorous methods? END
START the editor sought to raise subjectivity by what? END
START who was only permitted to select one reading? END
START what is stemmatics? END
START what is a cladogram? END
START what is implied when two witnesses have a number of errors in common? END
START what is a hyparchetype? END
START what is recension? END
START a loose approach to textual criticism is called what? END
START when did karl lachmann contribute to making stemmatics famous? END
START how did lachmann make stemmatics famous? END
START the final stage of the stemma is called what? END
START recension and latin recensio is latin for what? END
START which steps most closely resembles copy-text editing? END
START what process is best used when only one manuscript is viable? END
START what process is best used when there are a number of viable manuscripts available? END
START the process of selectio does not resemble what type of criticism?  END
START eclectic criticism is not similar to what type of process?  END
START  which steps do not resemble copy-text editing? END
START what process is not used when there are a number of viable manuscripts available? END
START when manuscripts are bad, what process gets used? END
START what was joseph bédier's main criticism of the stemmatic method? END
START why is a methos that only produces two branches seen as inferior? END
START to what did joseph bédier attribute the prevalence of the stemmatic method? END
START why would editors only want two alternative branches when analyzing a text? END
START what was the final implication of joseph bédier's analysis of the stemmatic method? END
START why did joseph bédier prefer stemmatics? END
START  why is a method that only produces two branches seen as the best? END
START trees with two branches minimized opportunities for that?  END
START when witnesses agree, what did the third branch do? END
START which method was more rigorous than originally claimed? END
START what is the last step in the stemmatic method? END
START at what point can a critic using the stemmatic become less concerned with critical analysis? END
START why may the dominant reading may be the weaker reading? END
START what is the first step in the stemmatic method? END
START what judgement produces the correct result? END
START which reading does the critic select when there are only two witnesses at the same tree? END
START a reading that occurs left often is always considered what? END
START when was the term copy-text introduced? END
START what was the initial definition of copy-text? END
START explain the process used by mckerrow as an alternative to the stemmaic method END
START when was ronald b. mckerrow born? END
START what year did thomas nashe introduce the term copy-text? END
START thomas nash is a bibliographer who published whose works?  END
START nashe was aware of limitations of which method? END
START ronald b. mckerror was a french critic who did like which method? END
START why did mckerrow alter his previous method of criticism? END
START how did mckerrow alter his approach to copy-text analysis? END
START what did mckerrow concede about his new copy-text method? END
START what work was the first to see mckerrow use his new method? END
START what book did shakespeare publish in 1939? END
START mckerrow stayed firm in which opinion? END
START how many revisions did early editions have? END
START mckerrow thinks we should only accept one revision for what reason? END
START are there times when an editor's judgement should be deferred? END
START what should one do when two readings are contradictory but balanced? END
START what do editors call variants that are exactly balanced? END
START who argued that an editor should not be free to use their own judgement? END
START what do editors call variants that are not balanced? END
START what is the term for variants that are somewhat balanced? END
START an editor should not defer to what when variants are balanced? END
START is the idea formed by greg limited to a specific time period? END
START what will an editor do in the case where an author's work was not wiped out? END
START what where the limitations of greg's analyses? END
START what is the main criticism of greg's work? END
START who limited their examples to french renaissance drama? END
START greg was a novice in which period of drama? END
START according to bowers, the manuscript should not serve as what? END
START the principle of copy-text is sound with regard to what? END
START what are editors trying to ultimately accomplish? END
START if an editor can't achieve an exact reproduction of an authors work, what should be the goal? END
START what did bower's say about greg's method? END
START what did tanselle say about textual criticism? END
START what are editors trying to ultimately stop? END
START what happens when an editor achieves an exact reproduction of an authors work? END
START  what did tanselle say about modern authors? END
START bowers asserted that editions founded on greg's method would not represent what? END
START who argued against works where the author listens to input from others? END
START who wanted to determine why an author made changes to a work? END
START does greg believe a later work can be substituted for a earlier one? END
START what idea did tanselle champion? END
START who argued for works where the author listens to input from others? END
START who didn't want to determine why an author made changes to a work? END
START  who believes an earlier work can be substituted for a later one? END
START constrained authorial intention was whose idea? END
START what alterations did crane make to secure commercial publication? END
START what was bower's first step in editing multiple works into a single product? END
START what was bower's second step in editing multiple works into a single product? END
START what was one of the criticisms bowers faced after editing maggie? END
START i what year was maggie printed for commercial use? END
START what was the first step bowers took in editing a single work with two versions? END
START what was the second step bowers took in editing a single work with two versions? END
START what changes were made for the commercial publication of maggie? END
START when was maggie first published? END
START  what changes did maggie make to secure commercial publication? END
START when did maggie publish her edition of bowers? END
START what was bower's final step in editing a single work into multiple versions? END
START when was the third version of maggie published? END
START when was the fifth and final version of maggie published? END
START are appendices easy to use for the average reader? END
START can a reader be certain of the validity of information found in a clear-text edition? END
START how do most editors work around the reference problems of clear-text editing? END
START where can a reader find more information on text variants after noticing a footnote? END
START who believes that clear-text doesn't give enough prominence?  END
START what are generally easy to use? END
START shillingsburg says which editions don't use notes at the bottom of the page? END
START what does not draw attention to alternative forms of text? END
START what is the biological basis for cladistics? END
START how is evolution applied to textual criticism? END
START how is cladistics similar to the stemmatic method? END
START what is the main difference between cladistics and stemmatics? END
START what is a technique borrowed from physics? END
START phylogenetic systematics was originally called what? END
START how is cladistics the opposite of the stemmatic method? END
START what is the mathmatical basis for cladistics? END
START when did textual criticism applied to the book of mormon? END
START what was one portion of preparing a new edition of the holy scriptures? END
START how was the most reliable version of the holy scriptures determined? END
START when did larson finish his project? END
START whose observations were included in the 1981 publication of the book of mormon? END
START what year did true textual criticism stop being applied?  END
START what school did ellis rasmussen not teach at? END
START what church did not want a new edition of the holy scriptures?  END
START what class did larson teach at rasmussen? END
START when did larson begin his thesis project? END
START what is farms? END
START who spearheaded the critical text of the book of mormon project? END
START how many years did it take to publish all three volumes of the book of mormon critical text? END
START was the third volume of the first edition deemed sufficient? END
START who is the head of farms? END
START when did farms stop existing? END
START when was the fifth volume of critical text project published? END
START what book did grant hardy publish in 1987? END
START larson begin the research for what project? END
START farms was funded by whom? END
START when was phase one completed? END
START who took over after the preliminary phase? END
START why did professor skousen gather fragments and have them analyzed? END
START what process what used to study the gathered fragments? END
START on what did skousen analyze ink and pencil remnants? END
START what year was the final phase of the project completed? END
START professor skousen left what position in 1988? END
START who sold the community of christ church? END
START  what did skousen delete ink and pencil remnants from? END
START how common are variations in text that alter the meaning of the urtext of the hebrew bible? END
START to what degree do variations in the old testament alter the meaning? END
START who claims that the old testament is essentially the same throughout all variations? END
START how many variations of the old testament offer the same meaning? END
START what book did douglas stuart summarize? END
START how many of the textual variants are significant? END
START how many variants change the doctrine considerably? END
START stuart thought the bible is largely different because of what? END
START does the bible or plato's republic have more witnesses? END
START what's the gap between original christian texts and subsequent editions of the same works? END
START what's the gap between original classical texts and subsequent editions of the same works? END
START how does the expanse of time correlate to authenticity with regard to original and subsequent versions of texts? END
START plato's republic has more witnesses than what? END
START the bible has fewer witnesses than what types of work? END
START when were the latest witnesses of the new testament? END
START textual scholars expect there to be a smaller time gap between an original and what? END
START there are fewer changes in a text when there is a larger what? END
START what is the criteria for copyright? END
START what minor things can be included and not invalidate a copyright? END
START are footnotes included in the copyright of the original work? END
START what rights do scientific publications in the eu enjoy? END
START what does not matter in order to be copyrighted? END
START what minor things can be included and validate a copyright? END
START non-scientific editions can be protected by what? END
START what are not protected by copyright? END
START all eu member states have transposed what into law? END
START what does lp stand for when it comes to time capacity? END
START what are common diameters found in phonograph records? END
START what is a gramophone or 'vinyl' record? END
START where does the groove on a vinyl record typically start? END
START in what method is the rotational speed measured in? END
START what was the primary use of a phonographic disc record? END
START which year did vinyl records leave the main steam media market? END
START from the 1990s to 2010s who was the primary consumer of vinyl records? END
START approximately how many phonograph records were sold in 2014? END
START what is the niche market of phonograph record fans known as? END
START what was the original intent of the phonautograph? END
START in what years where phonautograms converted to audible sound? END
START what year were the earliest known recordings of sound? END
START by whom was the phonautograms patented? END
START in what year was phonautograms patented? END
START in what year did thomas edison invent the phonograph? END
START how did the phonograph differ from the phonautograph? END
START what was unique about einsteins invention? END
START at what era was the recorded sound market introduced? END
START what is the name of lateral cut disc records? END
START what was an issue found with berliner's records initially?  END
START where were lateral cut disc records developed? END
START what is 'victor talking machine now known as? END
START where is the museum dedicated to berliner located? END
START what was the name of the discs edison introduced in 1909? END
START what year did the patent for lateral cut discs expire? END
START what format dominated the market in the late 1980s? END
START what disc format was the least fragile prior to 1919? END
START what was the playing surface of the blue amerbol cylinder discs made of? END
START what were two drawback of early recordings? END
START how would one make to early recordings? END
START what types of violins worked best with early recordings? END
START what instruments did not record well? END
START how was the frequency response in early recordings? END
START what tool was used to improve sound quality in early recordings for special effects? END
START where were loud instruments best placed for good sound quality? END
START how far away has a trumpeter been known to stand? END
START were drums heard on early jazz recordings? END
START what was the item called that recorded the sounds? END
START what was an early took used to amplify sounds? END
START what company was vital in progression of quality sound recordings? END
START how early were electrically recorded discs made available for purchase? END
START what was new about the way western electrics method of capturing sound? END
START how could the sounds produced by western electric be described? END
START what was a drawback of early home recording systems? END
START what was the initial cost range of early recording devices? END
START what year  was the  victor orthophonic victrola released? END
START what was the typical weekly pay of a worker in 1925? END
START what options were available that effected the cost of the victor orthophonic victorla? END
START what materials were discs made of in 1889-1894? END
START what was the standard material for discs around 1895? END
START what company was known for laminate construction of discs? END
START what material give the vinyl records their known black color? END
START what material is used in order to release the vinyl records from their molds? END
START what was a major downfall of the success of durium records? END
START what year were durium records no longer released in the us? END
START what are most 78 rpm records made of? END
START what was a common problem found in early flexible records? END
START what was the thin translucent plastic most successfully used to make discs called? END
START what material was used by rca victor for special purpose records? END
START what was metrolite and sav-o-flex materials primarily used for? END
START what year was the victrolac compound released? END
START what were advantages of vinyl in the 1930's? END
START what was a downfall of ordinary 78 rpm vinyls in household house? END
START what was the most popular sized disc by 1910? END
START how long could a recording be on a 10 inch disc in the 1903? END
START how small were the earliest discs released? END
START what was one requirement issue with discs popular in britain? END
START which disc could hold about three minutes of recording on either side? END
START what factors would effect playing time of a phonograph? END
START what was the playing time common in the early 20th century? END
START how many recordings did kind oliver's creole jazz band require? END
START what was the normal size disc for popular music? END
START what was the recording time available on a 12 inch disc? END
START on which label did frank sinatra release his recording of soliloquy? END
START what was a typical recording time of a song in 1948? END
START what was a way musicians got sounds such short recording times? END
START how many sides of a disc commonly held a recording? END
START what was unique about odeon's 1909 release of the nutcracker suite? END
START what was one of the first releases with a photo on the cover? END
START when were albums said to be pioneered? END
START what was one of the very first albums released? END
START when could record album covers first be found? END
START what were early record album covers made of? END
START what sizes were record album covers available in? END
START how were record album covers intended to be stored? END
START what was the purpose of record album covers? END
START when were albums as we currently know them widely released? END
START what is typically found on the front cover of an album? END
START how may records were commonly found in an album? END
START when did the vinyl lp records era begin? END
START how many songs did most albums contain? END
START what are reasons for recent releases of 78 rpm speed vinyls? END
START what is a benefit of newer releases of 78 rpm speed vinyls? END
START who released 7" microgrooved records in the 1950s? END
START what benefits to vinyl have been found in the 1950s? END
START who founded audiophile records? END
START in what year did reprise plan to release a series of 78 rpm singles? END
START which disc did reprise release in 78 rpm format? END
START what two songs were featured on the 1978 release by leon redbone in 78 rpm format? END
START what record company released recordings of 'buena' and 'tuff enuff' in 1980? END
START why did reprise only release one 78 rpm vinyl? END
START when was the release by rhino records of 78 rpm for jukebox owners? END
START what was the result of the use of this release of 78 rpm vinyl when used in vintage jukeboxes? END
START what was needed to successfully play the newer released 79 rpm vinyl? END
START for whom was the 1990 release of 78 rpm intended? END
START how did the 1990 release of 78 rpm effect rhino records? END
START what was the playing time of program-transcription discs? END
START how successful was rca victor's program-transcription discs? END
START when did rca victor release long play discs? END
START who released the first commercial long play discs? END
START by when were long play records discontinued? END
START what was a benefit of using vinyl over shellac? END
START by the mid 1940s what was the primary material records were made of? END
START what was a factor in shellac availability? END
START which material was more durable,  shellac or vinyl? END
START what material were most mailed records made of? END
START what caused a delay in the production of high quality records? END
START who released the 12 inch lp? END
START on what date was the 12 inch lp released? END
START in what city was the 12 in lp released? END
START how long did it take columbia to produce a consumer friendly long play record? END
START what did rca release to complete against columbia's lp? END
START what materials were 45 rpm records made of? END
START what was the play time of a 45 rpm END
START what was the size of a rca victor 45 rpm? END
START who had made an attempt in the 1920s to release a long play time recording? END
START what caused the constant linear velocity? END
START what was a unique feature of world records records? END
START what currently utilized item was world records clv similar to? END
START what gear ration creates 78.26 rpm? END
START in what year was 78.26 rpm chosen as standard? END
START how many rpm did the electrically powered synchronous turanable motor run at? END
START why are these records known as '78s'? END
START when did the 45 rpm gain popularity over the 78 rpm END
START with which crowd did the 45 rpm gain popularity? END
START at which time were the 79 rpm no longer mass produced? END
START on which date did columbia release it's last 78? END
START what was the last country to phase out the 78 rpm? END
START what percentage of elvis presley's single sales were of 78s? END
START what was the last 78 released in the uk by rca? END
START why did elvis sales of 78s perform so well in the southern states? END
START on which label did elvis release his early singles? END
START what was the last elvis presley single released on 78? END
START what two formats replaced the 78? END
START who developed the 33 1/3 rpm lp? END
START when did the 33 1/3 rpm hit the market? END
START when did rca release their 45 rpm format? END
START when were riaa standards established? END
START what was 16 2/3 rpm speed used for? END
START who developed the 33 1/3 rpm speed record? END
START what record format was created for use in chrysler automobiles? END
START why did chrysler discontinue use of the hifi 16 2/3 rpm record? END
START to the end of which era could you find 16 rpm setting on record players? END
START which two companies were involved in the "war of the speeds"? END
START over which years did the "war of the speeds" last?  END
START which company lost the "war of the speeds"? END
START what speed ultimantly ended up winning the war of the speeds? END
START by 1945 what was the total sale of 45s? END
START what format of lps was discontinued? END
START what was the significance of october 26th, 1956? END
START in which country did the 10 in lp exist the longest? END
START which format offered up to 1/2 an hour of recordings per side? END
START did the 45 rpm or 12 inch disc offer longer playing time? END
START what do the initials ep stand for? END
START why were 45s more popular with jukeboxes? END
START what format was phased out by the end of the 1950s? END
START what was a benefit of eps over lps? END
START what three speeds were sound on most home stereos in the mid 1950's? END
START what feature of 45s required an adapter in most home stereos? END
START what feature was found on more home stereos that allowed continuous play between records? END
START what format was less common but could sometimes be found on home stereos? END
START wy did records outside of the us often have small holes with the ability to punch out the center? END
START what were the plastic inserts which would adapt 45s to the smaller spindle of an lp player called? END
START what invention did thomas hutchinson introduce? END
START whom were the adaptable inserts for 45s to lps commissioned by? END
START how many spiders were sold in the 45 rpm heydays? END
START what term was coined to differentiate better sounding products in the 1920s? END
START what magazines provided reviews for audio equipment? END
START what happened in 1958 that changed the home music scene? END
START during what years did the term hifi take off with engineers? END
START what term would be used when one said they produced perfect sound reproduction? END
START what did alan blumlein event? END
START when did emi create the first stereo discs? END
START what was the benefit of 45/45 stereo sound? END
START what year was stereo sound patented?  END
START how was the commercial success of stereo sound in the 1930s? END
START what did quadraphonic recording feature? END
START what was the newest break through in home sound systems in 1971? END
START how would the commercial success of quadraphonic records be defined? END
START what did developments in quadraphonic recordings inspire? END
START what was a major issue with cd-4 technology? END
START how widespread was the success of cd-4 format?  END
START what format was less successful than quadraphonic? END
START what were potential benefits of the cd-4 format? END
START who created the cd-4 format? END
START for which company did c. robert fine work for? END
START what benefits were found in using the 35mm magnetic film? END
START who developed the 3-to-2 mix to create lifelike recordings? END
START which microphone hold the most importance in 3 microphone recording? END
START in which year did mercury begin 3 channel stereo recording? END
START what technique were used to reduce inner-groove distortion? END
START who developed the dynagroove format? END
START why did some music lovers frown upon diaphragming?  END
START what did closer groove spacing result in? END
START what would be found with higher recorded volumes? END
START how did disco eye-cued system benefit djs? END
START how did disco eye-cued sysems differ from lps? END
START when was the disco eye-cued system developed? END
START what were direct to disc recordings expected to product? END
START when were 'half speed' and 'digitally remastered' recordings being released? END
START what was required for quality playback of dbx recordings? END
START when were dbx recordings released? END
START how compatible were dbx encoded recordings with prior technologies? END
START what was the intention of dbx encoded recordings? END
START what did cbs develop in order to reduce outside noise? END
START what company out of japan offered laser turntables that read vinyl discs optically? END
START what was a benedit of laser read discs? END
START what was a drawback of laser read discs? END
START what was the primary use of laser read discs? END
START what was a major issue for laser read discs? END
START who is irene? END
START where was irene developed? END
START what is the primary use of irene? END
START can irene read vertically modulated information? END
START does irene require the  ability to touch the media? END
START what terms are used for recording with more than one track? END
START what is a typical max playing time of an lp? END
START which format is cheaper, lp or ep? END
START which format held recordings ranging from 10 to 15 minutes? END
START what was a normal play time per side for lps? END
START which colors of 45 were available as late as 1952 before being discontinued? END
START peewee the piccolo was what? END
START what significance does dec 7/ 1948 hold? END
START how many colors were 45s available in when first released? END
START when did rca release the 45? END
START in which direction does the groove in a normal disc run? END
START how is sound encoded on a commercial disc? END
START does it matter at which speed a disc is spun? END
START do all grooves bear data? END
START what is a 'lead out'? END
START what is the center where the data joins to complete a circle? END
START do turntables play music on lock grooves? END
START what do most automatic turn tables do when they meet a lock groove? END
START where do you find a lead out? END
START where were records made with raised label areas? END
START are longer recordings, as found in operas, made for use with auto-changing systems? END
START do grooves on records touch when stacked? END
START do records touch when in auto changers? END
START what is the most used material for modern audiophile vinyl releases? END
START what is the material preference of collectors? END
START how does the manufacturing process differ between heavyweight and normal vinyl? END
START would would a non filled area in a vinyl press cause when listening to a record? END
START which pressing of vinyl require more attention to detail, lightweight or heavyweight? END
START what is an effect of using worn molds when casting records? END
START what is the expected finish of a vinyl record? END
START what is the effect on a copy if a master as an orange peel effect? END
START on what frequencies is an orange peel effect most noticeable? END
START what material is on a direct metal mastering disc? END
START what is the two step process? END
START what is the limitation of the two step process? END
START which is preferred the two step or three step process? END
START which have stronger structures the father or son mold? END
START what can increase the output of a stamper mold? END
START what was a known issue of using shellac to make records? END
START in which novel does 'whiteman's lady of the evening" record get broken? END
START in blackboard jungle what record breaking mention is made? END
START what causes clicks and pops on vinyl records? END
START what is the cause of lock grooves on vinyl records? END
START where does the saying "like a broken record" originate? END
START how easily do vinyl records break? END
START what is a common damage to vinyl records? END
START what causes warping in vinyl records? END
START what is a cause of once per revolution pitch variation? END
START what method was used to protect a vinyl record? END
START what were often found with a paper outter cover and no inner cover? END
START what happens if a vinyl comes with a bit of warp? END
START when is distortion most common on a gramophone record? END
START what happens as a record wears? END
START what is a drawback of using gramophones? END
START how much vinyl can be found at the start of an lp? END
START where can you find only 200-210mm of vinyl? END
START what would be a cause of low frequency sounds when listening? END
START what is a feature many stereos contain to fight back against unwanted noises? END
START what is a sounds commonly heard when listening to a vinyl that is unintentional. END
START which frequencies are you most likely to hear tonearm skating? END
START are there any visual signs of tracking when listening to a record? END
START what is a limitation of low frequency recordings? END
START what kinds of unwanted sounds are often heard at high frequencies? END
START what is done during recordings to help reduce unwanted sounds? END
START what is a benefit of using equalization devices? END
START what is done to high frequency  sounds to lessen sound issues? END
START whom found that they can make musical instruments sound more natural with an amplifier boost at the turnover point? END
START what is found when a complementary boost is used at the bass turnover point? END
START when frequency in the treble increases what happens to the recording amplitude? END
START what happens when frequency decreases in the bass? END
START whom found wente-style condenser microphones helpful? END
START how were wente-style condenser microphones helpful? END
START when was a pre-emphasis most useful? END
START on which recording types were pre-emphasis used most in the 1920s? END
START in which era was this finding most significant? END
START what was the industry standard in europe for record equalization? END
START in which country was the treble roll off greater? END
START which country prefers a bass turnover setting of 250-300 hz? END
START what was the industry standard on equalization practices? END
START which country used the most varied equalization practices? END
START how far back did records show the art of sound recordings? END
START how was standardization prior to 1942? END
START around what time period was there an attempt made to standardize recordings? END
START who made the move to standardize recordings? END
START when were recording standards officially released? END
START  which recording types were effected by the imposed industry standards? END
START what was one issue of a lack of industry standards? END
START what is the nab? END
START what was a benefit to broadcasters of recording standards? END
START how did the nbc othacoustic curve relate to the nab curve? END
START what bass settings were needed to eliminate hum? END
START what helped cause the most life like sound? END
START how far back could these recording practices be traced? END
START what were the recording standards based off from? END
START what became the predecessor to the riaa curve? END
START who developed the new orthophonic curve? END
START whom wrote the publication outlining the new orthophonic curve? END
START what was the quality of sound recordings made with horns at the end of the acoustic era? END
START what were issues facing play back and recording mechanics? END
START why do photos show take on horns? END
START how would a record recorded with a horn sound played through modern equipment? END
START what was the cause of delicate and fine sound loss? END
START what technique offered realistic sounds during playback? END
START at at time was radio gaining popularity? END
START what type of microphones were losing popularity in the 1920s? END
START what benefit did the use of the wente style condenser microphone offer? END
START what was a benefit of early radio recordings? END
START what is one example of an acoustic phonograph on which one would listen to electric recordings? END
START what allowed better sounds inside the cabinet of the orthoponic phonograph? END
START what adjustments were made to the orthophonic  to accommodate electric recordings? END
START was it common to hear electric recordings on phonographs? END
START how similar was the sound of a orthodontic  record to a radio? END
START what are two examples of high quality microphones? END
START what was used to dampen resonances in recordings? END
START when would you have first found the moving coil microphone? END
START what was a more economical option to magnetic pickups? END
START in what years would you find electronic recordings played electronically? END
START what was a benefit of the use of magnetic pickup cartridge? END
START in what era could you find good quality recordings and playbacks at home? END
START what was a unique feature of the capeart radio phonographs? END
START how similar were live and recorded versions? END
START when was the western electric system introduced? END
START what two companies worked together to develop the western electric system? END
START what system was used by warner brothers? END
START what speed was used in the western electric system? END
START what was the western electric system believed to do? END
START what was a benefit of vertical groove cuts? END
START what could be avoided by using vertical groove cuts? END
START how was the moving coil microphone unique to the wente type? END
START how was sound improved using the moving coil microphone? END
START how was wax used to improve recordings? END
START what were used to make vinyl pressings? END
START what were the top licensees of the western electric system in the 1930s? END
START who was responsible for 2/3 of all recordings in the 1930s? END
START how was gold spluttering used in vinyl creation? END
START when was the business booming for do it yourself sound fanatics? END
START what kind of recordings worked best for pop music? END
START what was used for longer recordings? END
START what opened doors for long recordings? END
START what aided in records sales in the 1950s? END
START what is generally the lowest sound a human can hear? END
START what is believed to better offer sounds of higher frequencies, compact discs or records? END
START what is the higher end of typical human hearing? END
START does the hearing range of the human vary? END
START who would engrave the master disc of a vinyl record? END
START what was used in first recordings of vinyl records? END
START what was used in final recordings of vinyl records? END
START after the 1950s  what was a typical recording process? END
START where were sound recordings originally made to? END
START should alcohol be used to clean gramophone recordings? END
START is gramophone equipment readily available? END
START what is the recommendation of gramophone recordings to preserve integrity? END
START what is a drawback of gramophone use? END
START how are gramophones best stored? END
START is it difficult to transfer recording from historic interest to newer technologies? END
START what would offer the highest quality transfers of historic interest? END
START what would a hobbiest need to transfer historic recordings to digital formats? END
START is an original destroyed when transferred to digital format? END
START what is one benefit of transferring an older format to a newer format? END
START what was a major cause of declined vinyl sales? END
START which allows for more profits, vinyl or compact discs? END
START when did vinyl record sales decline? END
START when did compact disc popularity take hold? END
START when were groove recordings developed? END
START are records generally out of print as of date? END
START are albums ever reproduced? END
START what types of vinyl hold the most popularity? END
START does vinyl record maintain any popularity? END
START what is a reason a dj would prefer vinyl to cd? END
START in what techniques would a dj require a vinyl record? END
START are all turn tables capable of dj manipulation of vinyl records? END
START what is commonly preferred by djs vinyl or cd? END
START had vinyl technology ceased expanding? END
START whom set the most recent sales record of vinyl records since 1991? END
START what medium has seen the biggest fall in sales as of late? END
START what was unique to vinyl sales in 2014? END
START who sold 34,000 vinyl records in 1994? END
START prior to 2014 when was the most recent large sale of vinyl records? END
START warner bros. pictures before what year are part of the turner entertainment library? END
START up until what month and year of release are films from metro-goldwyn-mayer part of the turner entertainment library? END
START what company owns tcm and warner bros.? END
START what is turner classic movies called in france? END
START what is the spanish version of turner classic movies? END
START warner bros. pictures before what year are part of the tcm? END
START up until what month and year of release are films from tcm part of the turner entertainment library? END
START what is turner classic movies called in africa? END
START what is a dedicated licensing channel? END
START who has licensing deals with libraries? END
START how much did ted turner pay for metro-goldwyn mayer? END
START in what year did ted turner buy metro-goldwyn-mayer? END
START who did ted turner sell metro-goldwyn-mayer to? END
START who did ted turner buy metro-goldwyn-mayer from? END
START up to what date of release did turner retain ownership of the mgm film library? END
START how much did ted turner pay for ua? END
START in what year did ted turner buy ua? END
START who did ted turner sell ua to? END
START who did ted turner buy ua from? END
START up to what date of release did kerkorian retain ownership of the mgm film library? END
START on what network did turner entertainment's film library air prior to the creation of tcm? END
START what was a notable film that turner colorized? END
START who did turner ink a deal with to distribute warner bros. films from before 1950? END
START the mgm/ua-turner deal concerned mgm films released prior to what date? END
START on what network did turner entertainment's film library air prior to the creation of mgm/ua? END
START what was a notable film that warner bros. colorized? END
START who did warner bros. ink a deal with to distribute warner bros. films from before 1950? END
START the mgm/ua-turner deal concerned tcm films released prior to what date? END
START what would serve as the base form of programming for mgm? END
START how many subscribers had access to tcm upon it launch? END
START when tcm premiered, what was amc called? END
START what sorts of films did american movie classics primarily show? END
START by what year was amc showing commercials? END
START how many subscribers had access to amc upon its launch? END
START when tcm ended, what was amc called? END
START what sorts of films did tcm primarily show? END
START by what year was tcm showing commercials? END
START who originally served as a free format to amc? END
START with what company did turner broadcasting systems merge in 1996? END
START along with lorimar and national general pictures, what library was included in the warner bros. library? END
START when did mgm give warner home video the rights to mgm/ua's films on home video? END
START with what company did turner broadcasting systems merge in 1999? END
START along with lorimar and national general pictures, what library was included in the time warner library? END
START when did mgm give warner home video the rights to turner broadcasting's films on home video? END
START when did warner home video merge with time warner? END
START what placed warner bros. entertainment and warner home video under the same corporate umbrella? END
START in what year did tcm begin the young composers film competition? END
START how often is the young composers film competition? END
START what is the grand prize in the young composers film competition? END
START in what year was laugh, clown, laugh released? END
START who starred in the temptress? END
START in what year did tcm end the young composers film competition? END
START how often is the tcm? END
START what is the grand prize in the tcm? END
START in what year was tcm realeased? END
START who starred in he ace of hearts? END
START in what year did tcm receive a peabody award? END
START for what reason is a peabody award granted? END
START when did the inaugural tcm classic film festival take place? END
START in addition to the grauman's chinese theater, where did the first tcm classic film festival take place? END
START where is grauman's chinese theater located? END
START in what year did tcm receive a film legacy? END
START for what reason is a film legacy granted? END
START when did the inaugural tcm film legacy take place? END
START in addition to the grauman's chinese theater, where did the first film legacy take place? END
START where is the film legacy located? END
START what were tcm extras previously known as? END
START when did short films from tcm begin to stream on tcm's website? END
START along with the passing parade, crime does not pay and pete smith specialties, what short subjects feature on tcm? END
START along with :45, :30 and :15 past the hour, at what time do tcm features begin? END
START what were tcm products previously known as? END
START when did short films from tcm begin to stream on passing parade's website? END
START what short subjects feature on primetime hours along with the passing parade, crime does not pay and pete smith specialties? END
START along with :35, :30, and :15 past the hour, at what time does benchley begin? END
START what are filled with theatricallly released banner names? END
START in what year did the motion picture association of america introduce its rating system? END
START in what year did the motion picture production code cease? END
START what rating system is often used by tcm? END
START in what year did tcm introduce its rating system? END
START in what year did the tcm cease? END
START what rating system is often used by the motion picture association of america? END
START whose content has remained mostly cut? END
START what bumpers were particularly formatted? END
START what retrospective of the oscars is shown yearly on tcm? END
START when does tcm's programming season begin? END
START on its standard definition broadcast, what format does tcm use to preserve the original aspect ratio? END
START along with cary grant, who is a notable actor whose career a viewer might follow on tcm? END
START what retrospective of the oscars is shown yearly on letterbox? END
START when does the letterbox's programming season begin? END
START on its standard definition broadcast, what format does bogart use to preserve the original aspect ratio? END
START along with cary grant, who is a notable actor whose career a viewer might follow on grant? END
START when is a retrospective of oscar-winning and oscar-nominated actors shown? END
START who owns the selznick international pictures library? END
START who is the owner of columbia pictures content? END
START how many films are present in the tcm library? END
START who owns the seiznick international pictures film? END
START who is the owner of janus films? END
START how many films are present in the janus library? END
START what spans several decades of agreements? END
START what includes thousands of janus films? END
START who owns the majority of pre-1950 paramount sound releases? END
START who owns paramount? END
START who holds tv distribution rights to paramount's post-1949 releases? END
START who owns walt disney studios? END
START who manages the tv distribution of walt disney studios? END
START who owns the majority of 1950 paramount sound releases? END
START who holds tv distribution rights to paramount's 1949 releases? END
START who owns walt disney fox? END
START who manages the tv distribution of walt disney fox? END
START what is disney's film output owned by? END
START what is the time period covered by prime time and the early overnight? END
START who presents films on tcm on wednesday nights? END
START what is robert osborne by profession? END
START why did robert osborne stop presenting films on tcm for several months? END
START who presents silent sunday nights? END
START who presents films on eastern on wednesday nights? END
START what is eastern by profession? END
START why did robert osbourne stop presenting films on eastern for several months? END
START who presents silent sunday nights? END
START when was ben mankiewicz on medical leave? END
START on what day of the week are star of the month films aired? END
START who hosts the star of the month films? END
START during what month and year did tcm guest programmer feature tcm employees as guests? END
START in what year did spike lee appear as a tcm guest programmer? END
START on what day of the week are star of the year films aired? END
START who hosts the star of the year films? END
START during what month and year did lehrer guest programmer feature lehrer employees as guests? END
START in what year did spike lee appear as a lehrer guest programmer? END
START what time does "stars of the year" air? END
START when does 31 days of oscar occur? END
START when does the summer under the stars event take place? END
START as of 2015, who hosted the essentials along with robert osborne? END
START on what day does the essentials have its first airing each week? END
START on what day are repeats of the essentials shown? END
START when does 15 days of oscar occur? END
START when does the essentials under the stars event take place? END
START as of 2015, who hosted 31 days of oscar along with robert osbourne? END
START on what day does 31 days of oscar have its first airing each week? END
START on what day are repeats of 31 days of oscar shown? END
START what movie block shows silent films? END
START what movie block shows foreign films? END
START when did tcm underground first appear? END
START on what day is tcm underground shown? END
START who was the first host of tcm underground? END
START what movie block shows musicals? END
START what movie block shows foreign hosts? END
START when did tcm imports first appear? END
START on what day is tcm imports shown? END
START who was the first host of tcm imports? END
START in what month does the summer under the stars event take place? END
START who hosted funday night at the movies? END
START what character was tom kenny best known for portraying? END
START in what year did funday night at the movies first appear? END
START in what month does the funday night at the movies event take place? END
START who hosted summer under the stars? END
START what character was smith known for portraying? END
START in what year did summer under the stars first appear? END
START who suspends its regular schedule every night? END
START what series replaced funday night at the movies? END
START along with chris o'donnell, who was the original host of essentials jr.? END
START who hosted essentials jr. between 2009 and 2011? END
START who began to host essentials jr. in 2011? END
START in what year did essentials jr. replace funday night at the movies? END
START what series replaced sherlock jr. at the movies? END
START who along with chris o'donnell was the original host of sherlock jr.? END
START who hosted sherlock jr. between 2009 and 2011? END
START who began to host sherlock jr. in 2011? END
START in what year did sherlock jr. replace  funday night at the movies? END
START in what year did screened out appear? END
START what year saw the debut of religion on film? END
START what series premiered in 2011? END
START in what year did arab images on film first appear? END
START what was the topic of screened out? END
START in what year did screened images appear? END
START what year saw the debut of religion and images? END
START what series premiered in 2012? END
START in what year did arab images off film first appear? END
START what was the topic of black images on film? END
START in what month and year did tcm remembers premiere? END
START along with individual tributes, what form did tcm remembers occur in? END
START in what month of the year does a longer version of tcm remembers appear? END
START in what year did badly drawn boy provide a soundtrack for tcm remembers? END
START who provided the soundtrack for the longer tcm remembers episode in 2009? END
START in what month and year did tcm boy premiere? END
START along with individual tributes, what form did badly drawn boy occur in? END
START in what month of the year does a longer version of badly drawn boy appear? END
START in what year did steve earle provide a soundtrack for tcm remembers? END
START who provided the soundtrack for the longer badly drawn boy episode in 2009? END
START through what company is the tcm vault collection released? END
START what do the tcm vault collection bonus discs feature in addition to documentaries? END
START after the initial batch of tcm vault collection dvds are printed, how are they made afterwards? END
START through what company is the mod released? END
START what do the dvd vault collection bonus discs feature in addition to documentaries? END
START how are the initial batch of vhs vault collection dvds made after the initial batch? END
START what consists of several vhs collections? END
START what often includes bonus documentaries? END
START what month and year saw the introduction of the tcm wineclub? END
START who was tcm's partner in the tcm wineclub? END
START the winery of what notable director provided wines for tcm wineclub? END
START who starred in true grit? END
START how long do tcm wineclub subscriptions last? END
START what month and year saw the introduction of true grit? END
START who was tcm's partner in true grit? END
START the winery of what notable director provided wines for true grit? END
START who starred in tcm wineclub? END
START how long do true grit subscriptions last? END
START what canadian cable provider first carried turner classic movies? END
START in what year did turner classic movies appear on canadian cable television? END
START in what year did rogers cable begin to include tcm? END
START what is the name of the tcm spinoff channel operated in the uk? END
START in what month and year did rogers cable add tcm to its analog broadcasts? END
START what australian cable provider first carried turner classic movies? END
START in what year did turner classic movies appear on australian cable television? END
START in what year did australia begin to include tcm? END
START what is the name of the tcm spinoff channel operated in south africa? END
START in what month and year did france add tcm to its analog broadcasts? END
START what was the origin of hindu philosophy? END
START how many main systems of hindu philosophy are there? END
START what are the main orthodox systems of hindu philosophy called? END
START what is the accepted source of knowledge in the astika system? END
START what are the non-orthodox indian philosophies that do not accept vedas called? END
START how many darsanas are there? END
START what philosophy does astika reject? END
START which philosophy do both nastika and astika philosophies accept? END
START what does carvaka mean? END
START what have scholars argued about with regards to nastika and astika philosophies? END
START in what centuries the writings of scholars been used to debate the philosophies? END
START what are buddhism and jainism regarded as in relation to religion and philosophy? END
START what are other schools regarded as within hindu philosophy? END
START how available are the sources of knowledge on indian philosophy? END
START when were the astika and nastika philosophies written? END
START what are the two sibling traditions? END
START what differentiates the various sibling traditions? END
START what do scholars agree on within the astika and nastika philosophies? END
START which two named philosophies are considered to be the same? END
START how many orthodox philosophies are in hindu? END
START which orthodox hindu philosophy concerns realism? END
START what hindu philosophy is about naturalism? END
START which hindu philosophy concerns dualism? END
START what hindu philosophy stresses self knowledge? END
START how many subschools does hindu philosophy have? END
START which school rejects naturalism? END
START what tradition is buddhism rooted in? END
START what are tantric ideas founded in? END
START what is a combination of ideas from multiple heterodox philosophies called? END
START what do ancient hindu writings identify as the means to knowledge and truth? END
START how many pramanas are there in hindu philosophy? END
START what is the pramanas for perception? END
START what hindu philosohy is concerned with inference? END
START which pramanas is understanding of experts? END
START what does pramanas mean? END
START what do the various schools agree on? END
START what does carvaka nastika mean? END
START what school believes none of the pramanas are correct? END
START which school believes only postulation is a valid form of knowledge? END
START which hindu school stresses dualism between consciousness and matter? END
START how does samkhya view the universe? END
START what is the samkhya name for consciousness? END
START what is the samkhya school word for matter? END
START what does the joining of purusa and prakriti produce? END
START what school rejects dualism? END
START what is the state of prakriti splitting from purusa? END
START what did the emergence of buddhi create? END
START who created the purusa-prakriti entities? END
START what does samkhya mean? END
START how many types of guna exist in hindu philosophy? END
START which state of guna is that of compassion, positiveness, and goodness?  END
START which type of guna is concened with passion and activity? END
START what is the focus of the guna for negativeness and destruction? END
START what is the interpretation of classical  of samkhya? END
START how many types of sattva are there? END
START what do all life forms have in equal proportion? END
START why is samkhya considered theistic? END
START the fact that samkhya denies the existence of a soul makes it what? END
START what does ishvara determine in a person's life? END
START of what is yoga a part  in indian philosophy? END
START to what school of hindu philosophy is yoga aligned? END
START what concept does yoga accept the differentiates it from samkhya? END
START how many of the six pramanas does yoga accept? END
START unlike other schools of samkhya, what attitude makes yoga different? END
START what philosophy is yoga antithetical to? END
START what does samkhya accept that yoga does not? END
START which parts of samkhya does yoga reject? END
START which pramana does yoga reject? END
START what does yoga mean? END
START what principle does yoga use from samkhya? END
START what is the meaning of jnana? END
START to what does yoga say personal experimentation and knowledge lead? END
START to what school does yoga share central ideas? END
START what state in life does yoga believe is achievable? END
START what is moksha? END
START what central idea do yoga and advaita vendata share? END
START what does yoga state is unachievable? END
START what is brahaman? END
START what school is yoga most dissimilar to? END
START what philosophy is a naturalist school? END
START what is the definition of paramanu in hindu philosophy? END
START by understanding what does vaisesika school believe one gains knowledge and liberation? END
START who is credited with the vaisesika darsana? END
START when was the vaisesika darsana  produced? END
START what theory postulates that objects cannot be reduced? END
START what does vaisesika mean? END
START who coined the term paramanu? END
START what does vaisesika say prevents knowledge and liberation? END
START who discredited the idea of vaisesika? END
START according to vaisesika philosophy, how many substances comprise reality? END
START what are the substances of vaisesika reality? END
START of what does vaisesika philosophy say the things are made ? END
START according to vaisesika what is divisible into atoms? END
START what form are atoms in vaisesika? END
START how many realities are there? END
START what does vaisesika teach is able to be destroyed? END
START what is not a function of atoms? END
START what is the name of a substance's special dimension? END
START what are atoms divided into? END
START what school of thought is closest to vaisesika school? END
START what does nyaya say causes human suffering? END
START what state is achieved through knowledge? END
START what is moksha in hindu philosophy? END
START besides ignorance, what does false knowledge include in nyaya? END
START what school is nyaya most dissimilar to? END
START what is nyaya uninterested in? END
START what are practitioners of vaisesika called? END
START what is merely ignorance in nyaya? END
START what philosophy produces human suffering? END
START how many ways does the mimamsa separate into subschools? END
START how many ways does the prabhakara subschool of mimamsa say there are to gain knowledge? END
START how is pratyaksa defined in the prabhakara subschool? END
START what is the word for inference in the prabhakara subschool? END
START what is comparison and analogy in the prabhakara school? END
START which school has no subschools? END
START what means did the kumarila bhatta remove from its canon? END
START what subschool only uses four reliable means? END
START what does mimamsa mean? END
START how many mimamsa subschools are not defined by epistemology? END
START what type of doctrines are contained in the mimamsa  school? END
START how did the mimamsa school view the soul? END
START what was the focus of the mimamsa school of philosophy? END
START how did the mimamsa school consider dharma? END
START what school disagreed with the principles of the mimamsa school? END
START what type of doctrine does mimamsa not have? END
START what school focuses on the existence of god? END
START mimamsa rejected the epistemology and metaphysics of what? END
START what school agreed with the mimamsa's understanding of upanishads? END
START what did mimamsakas consider as of equal importance as the rituals? END
START to what study did mimamsa give rise? END
START what did the mimamsa school think that language was meant to describe? END
START what school thought that language was supposed to be widened to describe and develop? END
START what parts of the vedas did the mimamsa school emphasize? END
START what sections of the vedas did the verdanta school favor? END
START what study did mimamsa thwart? END
START what did mimamsakas and vedantins agree on? END
START what did mimamsakas believe was the purpose of an orderly life? END
START what school was foundational to the mimamsa school? END
START which part of the vedas did both the vedanta and the mimamsa schools emphasize? END
START on which sutras did the vedanta school focus? END
START in what time did the vedanta school become active? END
START which is the most developed and well known of the hindu schools? END
START how many ways did the vedantins have of gaining knowledge? END
START on what was dependent for the choice of methods in gaining knowledge? END
START what is the least developed hindu school? END
START which sutras did the vedanta reject? END
START when did the vedanta school end? END
START which method of gaining knowledge is not included in the vedanta school? END
START what are sub-schools not allowed to do with the epistemologies? END
START what did the vedanta school represent in hindu philosophy? END
START on what aspects of vedic did the vedanta understanding focus? END
START on what did the vedanta school lessen focus? END
START due to differences in text interpretations,into  what did the vedanta school separate? END
START what metaphysical concepts were included in the vedanta school?  END
START what represented the lack of knowledge-centered study? END
START which vedic did vedanta ignore? END
START what does vedic mean? END
START during what era did knowledge-centered understanding emerge? END
START who created the concepts of atman and brahman? END
START what means  END
START what means two? END
START what is the youngest vedantic school? END
START who coined the term advaita? END
START who was gaudapada's teacher? END
START what is the name of the author of the vedantic scriptures? END
START according to a school of vedanta, what is all reality? END
START what concepts of metaphysics are included in vedanta? END
START how is the reality of maya viewed in vedanta? END
START to what does the concept of atman refer? END
START to what do advaita vedantins view atman as the same? END
START which metaphysic concept is never changing? END
START what is not within human beings? END
START what is the opposite of brahman? END
START what do non-advaita vedantins say about atman and brahman? END
START what is unchanging and what it appears to be? END
START what is the philosophy of dualism? END
START who was the leader in pushing the philosophy of visistadvaita? END
START when did ramanuja live? END
START for the existence of what did the visistadvaita philosophy argue? END
START what being did ramanuja believe was the personification of brahman END
START who opposed visistadvaita? END
START when was visistadvaita first proposed? END
START what did visistadvaitins and advaitins agree on? END
START what was the philosophy of qualified dualism? END
START who did advaitins believe was a personification of brahman? END
START of what does dvaita vedanta theorize the existence? END
START to what entity is the vedanta vishnu similar in other religions? END
START how is the god of dvaita different from that of advaita in actions? END
START as what did the dvaita school view dualism? END
START who did the dvaita school identify as the supreme being? END
START what theory claims there is one reality? END
START how is the dvaita vedanta vishnu different from other religions? END
START who has an impersonal role according to dvaita? END
START what in dvaita is only temporary?  END
START what distinguishes advaita vedanta from dvaita? END
START what early philosopher proposed dvaitadvaita? END
START in what century did nimbarka live? END
START how many categories of existence are there in dvaitadvaita? END
START what are the categories of existence in dvaitadvaita? END
START who is named as the highest entity worshiped in dvaitadvaita? END
START which two categories are independent? END
START who is radha's consort? END
START how many gopis attended nimbarka? END
START who is not worshiped in dvaitadvaita? END
START what controls brahman? END
START in what text is shaivism recounted? END
START when was the text on shaivism written? END
START who reported the major schools of shaivism? END
START how many major schools of shaivism did vidyaranya mention? END
START what is the kashmir shaivism mentioned by vidyaranya? END
START what is easy to determine of shaivism? END
START when did shaivism first begin? END
START who created shaivism? END
START what philosophical school is shaivism not represented by? END
START who wrote the svetasvatara upanishad? END
START what is the oldest school of shaivism? END
START who organized the pasupata philosophy? END
START when did lakulish systematize the pasupata shaivism?  END
START what school of philosophy did the pasupatas dislike? END
START what aspect of vaishnava was unpalatable for the pasupatas? END
START what is the youngest major shaiva school? END
START who created pasupata shaivism? END
START which theology did pashupatas prefer? END
START when was the pasupata shaivism school started? END
START why did pashupatas believe servitude of souls was necessary? END
START what group divided the world into two parts? END
START into what parts did the pasupatas divide the world? END
START in what staet was the insentient considered to be? END
START how was the sentient seen as being? END
START for the pasupatas, how was the union of the soul with god achieved? END
START what was the sentient dependent on? END
START salvation required the soul separating from what? END
START what was the sentient broken up into? END
START how many effects made up the sentient? END
START what were the effects responsible for? END
START what type of philosophy does both kasmir shaivism and advaita vedanta share? END
START what aspect do non-dual philosophies give to the highest order of worship? END
START as what does kashmir shaivism view the conscious world? END
START which group sees the world as illusion? END
START according to kashmir shaivism, what is the goal in belief? END
START what are dual philosophies? END
START what is the opposite of shiva? END
START what are the means of understanding maya according to kashmir shaivism? END
START advaita says all things are a manifestation of what? END
START what do believers of advaita believe is the point of human life? END
START what are the two most powerful political parties in the united states? END
START name a nation that has a one-party political system. END
START how are political parties elected in democracies?  END
START what are some countries that have multiple powerful political parties? END
START what did china have when its government was first founded? END
START what are the differences in the way people vote in china compared to other countries? END
START where does the ideology of china's main political parties come from? END
START what is the main purpose changing an ideology after a government is founded? END
START what is one thing germany and india have changed after their governments were founded? END
START around what time did the first political factions start to emerge? END
START who was the dominate political party for the first half of the 18th century? END
START who was the leader if the whigs? END
START in what year did the jacobite rising fail? END
START what groups first formed in 1715 when the whigs were dominant? END
START what beliefs did the tories unite behind during the glorious revolution in 1715? END
START in what year did the exclusion crisis end? END
START how long did the english civil war last? END
START who was the leader of the hanoverian succession? END
START who's liberal political ideas influenced the whigs? END
START name the two people who's concepts of universal rights influenced the whigs. END
START did the whigs want to limit the monarch's power? END
START did the whigs support or oppose the catholic king? END
START what was algernon sidney considered a threat to? END
START who did algernon sidney want to be tolerant towards? END
START who's concepts of universal rights influenced wealthy merchants? END
START what did wealthy merchants want to put strict limits on? END
START what kind of political ideas did a catholic king support? END
START who did the tories oppose? END
START who did the tories occasionally cooperate with? END
START when did the tories regain power? END
START for how long were the tories dismissed from office? END
START why could the tories and the opposition whigs never form a single party? END
START when was the downfall of george ii? END
START for how long was lord bute dismissed from office? END
START what type of behavior was lord bute known for when in power? END
START what did differing beliefs prevent lord bute and george ii from doing? END
START what did sir william wyndham regain in 1760? END
START who was the first distinctive whig party that emerged from the chaos? END
START who was the leader of the rockingham whigs? END
START what was the description for the basic framework of the rockingham whigs party? END
START did the rockingham whigs ever regain power as a opposition to the government? END
START who was the bedfordite faction tied to that made them unstable? END
START how long did edmund burke remain a philosopher? END
START what group was lead by edmund burke? END
START what happened when edmund burke was removed from power? END
START what description was the basic framework for government created by chathamite factions? END
START what was the modern conservative party created from? END
START who issued the tamworth manifesto? END
START which party did the whigs, along with others form? END
START in what year was the tamworth manifesto introduced? END
START what was created by the modern conservative party in 1859 to define basic conservative principles? END
START what event broke up the liberal party? END
START why did the government led by willian ewart gladstone collapse? END
START what did the pittite tories do after the duke's government collapsed? END
START when did lord palmerston create the pittite tories? END
START what were the two proto-political parties? END
START in which year did the period known as the "era of good feelings" begin? END
START what did the founding fathers not intend american politics to become? END
START who were the leaders of the federalist and democratic-republican parties? END
START what did james madison intend the mindset of the federalist party to be? END
START in what year was the federalist party founded? END
START in what year did the democratic-republican party split? END
START what was the period called after the federalist party was created? END
START how long was james madison involved with the federalist party? END
START who was the leader of the irish political party in the 1880s? END
START what did charles stewart parnell change his parties name to in 1882? END
START did the irish parliamentary party ever adopt the parnellite model? END
START when was the use of a party whip first implemented? END
START what did the party whip change the party name to in 1884? END
START what was the parnellite model replaced with in government? END
START what did the british parties create to ensure committed members were selected? END
START what was imposed by the british parties in 1884? END
START do political parties have a party leader? END
START who maintains the daily work and records of party meetings? END
START who is responsible for the membership fees and expenses?  END
START who is responsible for recruiting and maintaining party members? END
START who is a fund-raiser usually lead by? END
START what is the definition of a fund-raiser? END
START what are the duties of a national committee? END
START what does a state governor do? END
START what role do most spokesmen aspire to? END
START when does a party form an official opposition? END
START what type of parties allow leaders to form frontbench teams? END
START when does a party's frontbench become the cabinet of government ministers? END
START if a party is represented by members from the lower house of parliament, what other position can the party leader serve? END
START what type of parties allow leaders to form a shadow cabinet? END
START what does the party leader serve as when the party is represented by the shadow cabinet? END
START what is the main role of the cabinet of government ministers? END
START what is formed when a party becomes the largest party not part of the cabinet of government ministers? END
START what  does the official opposition shadow cabinet become when it can form a majority with enough seats? END
START what is considered a measurement of a state's support to liberal democracy? END
START how are parties regulated? END
START will parties that hold a counter belief to the general beliefs of the state's incumbents be repressed? END
START how are government crackdowns categorized by democracies? END
START what rights threaten the formation of a liberal democracy? END
START after what event do opposition parties usually form? END
START what is the first thing authoritarian governments want citizens to do to show loyalty to the party? END
START what is one right that is not the norm for authoritarian governments? END
START will mainstream political parties not cooperate towards outsider parties if they are too extream? END
START which  outsider parties considered unacceptable to work with? END
START what has been increasingly abandoned in the past two decades? END
START what has caused far-right parties to be abandoned over the past two decades? END
START what kind of democracies were created after the formation of the eu? END
START what groups have outsider parties not wanted to cooperate with recently? END
START what did outsider parties form because they didn't want to cooperate with government? END
START what kind of policy do outsider parties usually have towards the government? END
START do official political parties exist in a nonpartisan system? END
START was the administration of george washington nonpartisan? END
START what did washington warn against during his farewell address? END
START what do factions within nonpartisan systems evolve into? END
START what restrictions are there on candidates when there are no political parties? END
START what attitude did george washington have on legal restrictions in office? END
START how does the legislature take office in tokelau? END
START what is another action the legislature of tokelau is able to do? END
START what does the northwest territories warn against? END
START in what systems is the political party allowed to legally hold effective power? END
START what are north korea and china examples of? END
START what is the one-party system often compared with? END
START when was nazi germany in a one-party system? END
START what kind of leadership must the dominant party accept in china? END
START during what years did north korea move to a one party system? END
START what are minor parties often compared to due to their influence? END
START what are minor parties usually identical to? END
START in what country were minor party positions more important? END
START when are opposition parties allowed? END
START what are some of the reasons for a party's failure? END
START what are some ways a dominant party can stay in power? END
START what are some examples of dominant party systems? END
START for how long did the dominant one-party system last in mexico? END
START how likely is it that there was voting fraud in the 1998 election? END
START what were the reasons for the democratic parties failure in 1990? END
START what were two things that the liberal democratic party in japan used in the 1970's to try and win an election? END
START what are some parties that were guilty of using voter fraud? END
START how long did the people's action party in singapore last? END
START what type of party system is the united states? END
START what were the first parties in the united states called? END
START for how long did the whigs survive? END
START what are challenged to an unpopular political party? END
START which party was anti-slavery? END
START in what year did national and democratic republicans split? END
START what topic caused teddy roosevelt to lose the election in 1912? END
START for how long did the federalist party exist? END
START what was teddy roosevelt guilty of in 1912? END
START what kind of support did teddy roosevelt have outside the south? END
START what has the uk political system functioned as? END
START what are the two largest political parties in the uk? END
START what was the other major party before the labour party? END
START what is duveger's law? END
START what system was created by maurice duverger in the uk? END
START when was duverger's law passed in the uk? END
START how many seats has maurice duverger held in parliament? END
START what was the only party that helped pass duverger's law? END
START what does allowing conservatives in government usually lead to? END
START in which case are parties not likely to gain power on their own? END
START is ireland ever not led by a coalition government? END
START since what date has ireland not been led by a single power? END
START when is political change easier? END
START what are prime examples coalition governments that struggle to change policy? END
START what do parties work to form when one party gains power? END
START how long as the republic of ireland had a dominant party? END
START what country usually has a dominant party at the national and state level? END
START what country has always had a dominant party in power since it was formed? END
START what two countries have usually been able to make swift policy changes since ww ii? END
START what are called factions by some people? END
START what are political parties lobbied by? END
START what are traditional sources of funding for parties? END
START around which time was the mass membership party started? END
START what do some people still call trade unions? END
START what do special interest groups receive for paying membership dues? END
START what groups support having to pay trade unions? END
START during what time were lobbyists the most prevalent in government? END
START what newly founded party opposed all government? END
START why did parties that relied on donations or subscriptions run into problems? END
START when did parties that relied on donations start to run into problems? END
START what was the population of australia in the 20th century compared to 1950? END
START in what year did western democracies start to decline? END
START what did the government of the uk have happen in 1950 due to lack of funding? END
START what had happened to funding for the australian government in 1950? END
START in what year did australia adopt a democratic government? END
START in the united kingdom, what is awarded to people who help fund the parties? END
START who was discovered to be selling peerages? END
START what act did parliament put into place to stop such corruptions? END
START what did the honours act do? END
START how did people attempt to overcome this law? END
START what scandal took place in 1925? END
START what is awarded to people in the uk who manage loans for a living? END
START what did lloyd george help people acquire in his earlier profession? END
START what do people become a member of if they help people get approved for a loan? END
START what can people who approve loans for a living take part in in government? END
START what are the two categories of public funding? END
START which percentage of nations provide no direct or indirect public funding? END
START what percentage of nations provide direct funding? END
START are parties required to reveal their funding? END
START what percentage of nations provide indirect funding? END
START what is one type of political party? END
START where do you have to broadcast on if you are a member of a direct party? END
START how many people know about the ace electoral knowledge network? END
START how many known political parties are there worldwide? END
START what type of information do over 180 parties disclose to the ace electoral knowledge network? END
START what can also be provided by foreign aid? END
START what do international donors do to promote democracy?  END
START what is another common occurrence of international support for a party?  END
START what does the overseas development institute want to do? END
START what funding does the overseas development institute like to offer to support democracies? END
START what was used during the rose revolution to make it successful? END
START what does the georgian party want to increase? END
START why does the georgian party want to increase support to political parties? END
START what did the georgian party want to promote by financing political parties in developing countries? END
START what parties is the color green for? END
START what was purple considered the color for? END
START what parties is the color black associated with? END
START brown is associated with what parties? END
START what color is orange associated with? END
START what uniforms do storm troopers wear in islamist parties? END
START what was green considered the color of in the past? END
START what color is the centrist party in israel? END
START what party is similar to irish republican parties? END
START what group is similar to the ulster loyalists? END
START what is the color red associated with? END
START what political party is the color blue associated with? END
START did the political parties choose those colors? END
START in what year did the occurrence of using different color schemes for the parties stop? END
START what color was chosen by the democratic party before 2000? END
START before 2000 what color did the republican party choose to be associated with? END
START what have international political parties not chosen for themselves since 2000? END
START what happened when other countries violated political color scheme norms in 2000? END
START what did parties in other countries alternate to avoid confusion in 2000?  END
START when did political parties organize themselves into international organizations? END
START what are some examples of this? END
START name an example of an administration that outlaws links between local and foreign political organizations.  END
START in what year was the universal party organized in italy? END
START where has the universal party headquarters been located since 1974? END
START how many countries does the universal party operate in? END
START what groups organized in hong kong in the 19th and 20th century? END
START what was outlawed in italy in 1945? END
START who drew a difference between cadre parties and mass parties? END
START what are cadre parties? END
START what are mass parties? END
START what is an example of a mass party? END
START what type of parties are the two major parties in the united states? END
START what german political scientist drew a distinction between party ideology and elections? END
START who was the focus of recruitment by cadre parties? END
START what did cadre parties expect new members to spread? END
START what did cadre parties expect new members to give assistance for? END
START what are the two major parties in france? END
START what does a cappella mean in the italian language? END
START what is another term occasionally used to refer to a cappella? END
START at what point did renaissance polyphony become popular again? END
START how is a cappella currently defined? END
START a cappella was originally used to tell the difference between which two styles? END
START what is group or solo music called? END
START what does cantata music lack that acappella has? END
START  what is a synonym for cantata? END
START what was renewed in the 1900's? END
START what did cantata origionally differerntiate between? END
START what term is also used as a synonym for concertato? END
START alla breve was originally used to tell the difference between what styles? END
START what led to alla breve meaning unaccompanied vocal music? END
START what does baroque concertato mean in italian? END
START what does renaissance polyphony contrast with that means accompanied singing? END
START what form of music was a cappella predominately used for in its early years? END
START what was considered part of a cappella until the baroque period? END
START the madrigal became what type of form that prevented it from being accompanied with a cappella? END
START in what era was most of the vocal music considered a cappella? END
START what was originally used in renaissance secular vocal music?  END
START what was considered part of a cappella following the baroque period? END
START what religions later incoperated a cappella into their traditions? END
START uring what period was a cappella losinging popularity as religious music? END
START how was islamic music originally used? END
START what other type of music was considered a capella from the madrigal? END
START what was considered a form of a capella until the jewish period? END
START what is an example of instrumentally accompanied singing? END
START in what practice what most of the vocal music a capella? END
START who was a known composer of a cappella music in the 15th century? END
START bach was influenced by a popular a cappella composer heavily for what composition? END
START how many of schutz's easter pieces were in the a cappella style? END
START lagrime d'amante al sepolcro dell'amata's well known a cappella composition was written in what year? END
START some compositions were found after which composer's death? END
START what began to develop in europe during the 1500"s END
START who's compositions marked the begining of secular a cappella music END
START what did the a cappella form take the place of during the 16th century? END
START what piece was heavily influenced by bach's mass in b minor? END
START what accompanied the voices in palestrina? END
START what happened to christian music in europe the 16th century? END
START how was the early piece by josquin des prez intended to be played? END
START what composer was josquin des prez a major influence on? END
START when was bach's mass in b minor composed? END
START how were the pieces written by josquin des prez performed during easter week? END
START when did russian musika show up? END
START khorovïye kontsertï were typically done similar to what pieces? END
START what bible passage gave rise to certain a cappella attitudes? END
START who composed a popular venetian-styled piece in 1675? END
START what is based on a brad interpritation of the psalms? END
START what started appearing in russia in the 1700's? END
START what was a copy of venetian a cappella? END
START what was written by nikolai diletsky in the 16th century? END
START how are liturgies sung in russian musika? END
START what motivates the way instrumental music is composed in the church? END
START when did the byzantine rite of the eastern orothdox church appear? END
START what type of music made a cappella versions of instrumental accompaniment? END
START what bishop composed grammatika musikiyskaya in 1675? END
START what is the name of the religious a cappella style used with shape notes? END
START a cappella exists in some liturgical churches as an influence from what era? END
START in the modern day, what broad religious group is most known to implement a cappella? END
START what are some present day christian churces nolonger use the a capella form? END
START what era influences todays secular a capella? END
START what is a secular folk music song in a capella. END
START what is the name of the mennonite style of singing used with shape notes? END
START from what time does harp folk music exist in some churches? END
START what are some examples of present-day christian churches that use instruments during worship services? END
START what church services use sacred harp, that is a practice from apostolic times? END
START in present times, which group is know to use shape notes in religious services? END
START why were instruments more unwelcome to christians? END
START what was the name of the book in which jeanie deans is the protagonist? END
START who is quoted for saying instruments in religious services are like "a cow bell in a concert"  END
START who authored the heart of the midlothian? END
START what divides the worlds religions? END
START what was considered an easter catholic inovation? END
START what was first use introduced into worship in the 1800's? END
START who opposed a capella music in worship during the 18th century? END
START what did luther refer to as "a cow bell in a concert"? END
START what has divided catholics since they have been used in worship? END
START what did catholics oppose to be used in worship? END
START what did martin luther mention about using instruments during church worship? END
START what did ulrich zwingli write that had jeanie deans as the heroine? END
START what type of religion is john calvin a member of in the book? END
START what does the rejection of instruments in christian music likely stem from? END
START during what time is there no record of christians using instruments for worship? END
START at what point did instruments begin to receive condemnation from christians? END
START for what reason do modern christians continue to oppose the use of instruments? END
START what scriptures make negative judgments about instruments? END
START what scriptures does opposition to instruments come from? END
START during what time is there evidence of christians using instruments for worship? END
START what did christians condone starting in the 2nd century? END
START whose teachings are in line with today's opposition to instruments? END
START during what time period was opposition to instruments being used in all settings discovered? END
START where does rejection of using instruments according to god's will come from? END
START when is information about the use of instruments for christian worship written? END
START what did christians condemn from 33 ad to 180 ad? END
START what do church fathers believe today about using instruments? END
START on what day is using musical instruments not allowed?  END
START in what style do jewish families typically sing sabbath songs? END
START what is a cappella music occasionally called among those of jewish faith? END
START how many days are counted between passover and shavuot? END
START what is part of the time between passover and shavuot thought to be? END
START what temple forbade the use of instruments? END
START what was included in tradition jewish services in synagogues? END
START what is forbidden on the sabbath because it was considered work? END
START what prhabition has been relaxed in many traditional jewish congregations? END
START what type of music is forbidden during passover? END
START what did traditional jewish religious services in the synagogue include? END
START what is forbidden in jerusalem? END
START when do jewish families use musical instruments when singing sabbath songs? END
START during what time is zemirot prohibited? END
START what kind of entertainment happens on the sabbath for zemirot? END
START what is the name of the philosopher who praised music without instruments? END
START what did philo's views on the absence of instruments clash with? END
START what is the one instrument still in use today by the synagogue? END
START the shofar stops being used at the end of what jewish event? END
START how is the shofar used? END
START who popularized greek chant? END
START what did philo promote in 20 bce? END
START who taught that a capella was the best form of whorship? END
START who commanded christians to offer praise with instruments? END
START what kind of accompaniment is used with the shofar? END
START when was the greek philosopher philo born? END
START what jewish chant is still being used today in the synagogue? END
START during what periods of time is silent singing used in the synagogue? END
START how is silent singing used when practiced in a synagogue service? END
START what did rosh chodesh elul write about that became popular? END
START when did a cappella begin to take hold in the united states? END
START what was the name of the choir f. mellus christiansen used? END
START how many singers are typically in the choirs? END
START who did the st. olaf choir influence? END
START what tradition was started in the western us? END
START who spoke against a cappella in 1911? END
START what was emulated by other conductors across the country? END
START what do a capella choirs struggle to perfect in a large choral setting? END
START who started a prominent choir in 1911? END
START at what college was f. melius christiansen a student? END
START what church was augsburg college connected to? END
START who did wartburg college influence? END
START how many singers are in a cappella? END
START what a cappella group rose to popularity in 1943? END
START what was boycotted by american musicians in 1943? END
START who is credited for first introducing elements of jazz into a cappella? END
START what number one song was covered by an a cappella group in 1983? END
START during and after the 80's, what helped a cappella music rise in popularity? END
START who boycotted concerts in 1943? END
START who introduced jazz harmonies to a capella in the 40's? END
START what number one hit did yazoo have in 1983? END
START what gained renewed intrest the 1950's? END
START what did the song spinners have in the 1950's? END
START what was the name of the song spinners best seller in the 1950's? END
START when did the american federation of musicians introduce jazz to a cappella? END
START in 1983 what did the king's singers promote? END
START what did a cappella gain in july 1943? END
START in place of instruments, what do some modern a cappella groups implement? END
START where does a cappella still maintain a heavy presence? END
START in a cappella, what do the voices not contributing lead vocals or a bass line contribute? END
START what has been added to contemporary instrumental music? END
START what are examples of instrumental bands? END
START what has maintained a strong presence in all types of worship? END
START what do arrangments for popular secular music include? END
START what music type includes bands who add instruments to create a pop/rock/gospel sound? END
START in christian music who uses beatboxing during worship? END
START what do some a cappella groups use instead of chordal accompanyment? END
START where does one voice singing still remain strong? END
START what groups don't use vocal percussion during worship? END
START how many works of a cappella in musical theater have been successful in off-broadway productions? END
START what was the name of the a cappella musical that first opened 28 january 1994? END
START what time period was avenue x set in? END
START what was the final number of performances in avenue x's original run? END
START who was responsible for the lyrics of avenue x? END
START what has been used in musical theater on broadway? END
START what performance was the first to use a cappella on broadway? END
START what show had 77 performances on broadway? END
START what did john jiler write the lyrics for? END
START what did ray leslee produce? END
START when playwrights horizons first open in an off-broadway theater? END
START for how many performances did playwrights horizons run? END
START what was the musical style of playwrights horizon's score? END
START what off-broadway theater did perfect harmony open at? END
START before coming to new york, at what theater had perfect harmony previously been successful? END
START perfect harmony has been called a combination of which two musicals? END
START in what month was perfect harmony's off-brodway debut? END
START what genre best describes perfect harmony? END
START what broadway theater did perfect harmony open at? END
START what drama was based on two a cappella groups? END
START who's music influenced perfect harmoney END
START what have the romantics been compared to? END
START what off-broadway theater did pat benatar open at? END
START before new york, at what other theater was billy idol successful? END
START when was the jackson 5's debut off-broadway? END
START what type of genre describes the partridge family? END
START what is the name of the a cappella musical that debuted off-broadway in the same year as perfect harmony? END
START where does most of in transit take place?  END
START what a cappella vocal style is implemented in many of in transit's songs? END
START how many lucille lortel awards was in transit nominated for? END
START what is the name of the actor who played the subway beat boxer? END
START what role is set in the ny subway system? END
START when did chesney snow premier off-broadway? END
START who were involved in the production of primary stages? END
START what does russ kaplan incorporate in his performance? END
START when is primary stages set to reopen according to the website? END
START what type of a cappella music is specific to american culture? END
START what did the a cappella organization founded in 1938 change its name to in 2004? END
START how many people currently have membership to the bhs? END
START what racial group was primarily involved in babershop a cappella in its earliest days? END
START what were the initials of the bhs before it changes its name in 2004? END
START what is one uniquely african art form? END
START in 1938 where did documented quartets begin? END
START what group was formed in 2004? END
START what is the name of the barbershop group formed in 2004? END
START what did the barbershop group change its name to officially in 1938? END
START what is the name of the first female barbershop organization? END
START when did the sweet adelines change their name to acknowledge their international reach? END
START how many women are members of the sweet adelines? END
START where is the sweet adelines hq? END
START in what year did the sweet adelines become an international group? END
START what group was formed in 1953? END
START in 1945 what did sweet adelines change its name to? END
START how many women from japan are members of the sweet adelines? END
START how many australian choruses are registered with the organization? END
START in what year did sweet adelines become a german organization? END
START what is the name of the swedish man known for being a large influence to a cappella across the world? END
START which music school began the implementation of high musical standards? END
START what portion of the swedish population engages in a cappella singing? END
START who describes the many reasons for sweden's heavy involvement in a cappella? END
START what does eric erickson explain about swedish dominance in choirs? END
START what did richard sparks influence in sweden and world wide? END
START what has high admission standards based on tradition? END
START what a cappella group began implementing high music standards? END
START what percentage of the world takes part in a cappella singing? END
START what is the previous name of oldest recorded college a cappella group? END
START what prominent composer was once a member of the whiffenpoofs? END
START what is the name of the a capella group that was a parody of the whiffenpoofs? END
START what is the name of the college a capella event that's been held since 1975? END
START what well-known musician was once part of the college a capella group the counterparts? END
START who was formerly a member of the rensselyrics of rensselaer polytechnic institute? END
START what group was formed in 1873 and is is the longest continually singing group? END
START during what time period did continuously-singing groups grow? END
START what were the whiffenpoofs of yale university often a parody of? END
START when did women's groups popularity explode? END
START whas is the name of the ethnic a capella group founded at the university of pennsylvania in 1996? END
START among which group is a capella becoming more prominent? END
START what is the name of the first south asian a capella group to accept both men and women? END
START what a capella competition is hosted at uc berkeley? END
START what group hosts the a capella competition "sa re ga ma pella"? END
START what is gaining in popularity among anokha? END
START what was the first midwest a cappella group? END
START what kind of groups are emerging among various groups from the midwest? END
START when was the first maize mirchi formed from the university of maryland? END
START who hosts the penn masala competition at the university of california? END
START what popular a capella competition is not specific to college groups? END
START aside from the monetary reward, what was offered to the winner of the sing-off? END
START what is the name of the group that won the sing-off? END
START who won the sing-off final season? END
START in the sing-off, where did the groups not from the united states come from? END
START when did the  a cappella recording awards air on nbc? END
START what prize did ben folds win on the sing-off tv competition series? END
START what show was judged by harmony sweepstakes? END
START how many groups were competing for the prize from the contemporary a cappella recording awards? END
START who won the contemporary a cappella society final season? END
START what do some a capella groups do other than sing words? END
START what a capella group is credited for being one of the earliest to adapt instrumental emulation? END
START what types of music did the swingle singers implement instrumental emulation for? END
START what is the name of the abc family show whose theme is entirely a capella? END
START what groups recordings in the 1960's stated all instruments were done vocally? END
START on what series did the swingle singers sing twilight zone in a cappella? END
START what is another example of emulating bobby mcferrin without singing the words? END
START what early recordings emulate latin rhythms in a cappella? END
START in the 1930's what was bobby mcferrin famous for? END
START what did the swingle singers primarily use to emulate musical instruments? END
START what is another term for beatboxing? END
START what was used to make an a capella recording of the who sell out? END
START what car manufacturer hired petra haden to perform a capella songs in commercials for their car? END
START on what website can many a capella groups' music be listened to? END
START what did the beach boys use so they would sound like instruments? END
START what added new dimensions to nonsense words? END
START what is one song version the swingle singers released in 2005? END
START what did toyota hire the bellamy brothers to advertise in their commercials? END
START what was used by journey to make an a cappella recording of the who sells out? END
START what is the latin for order of preachers? END
START what pope approved of the order of preachers? END
START after the 15th century, what was the order of preachers known as? END
START what religion does the dominican order belong to? END
START what spanish priest founded the order of preachers? END
START what was the order of preachers more commonly known as after the 16th century? END
START what is not the latin term for the order of preachers? END
START what religious order was founded by french priest saint dominic de guzman? END
START which pope did not approve the dominican order? END
START what did the dominican order's membership not include? END
START during what time period did the dominican order do its best work? END
START what was one reason why the dominican order was established? END
START the head of the dominican order is known as what? END
START who is the current master of the order? END
START what is the order of preachers known for? END
START what  was the order not founded to do? END
START what did not place the preachers in the forefront of the intellectual life of the middle ages? END
START what was the order not famed for? END
START who headed the dominican order in 1980? END
START what does o.p. not stand for> END
START during the middle ages, who was no longer expected to stay behind walls away from the common man? END
START how many orders of mendicant friars came out of the middle ages? END
START who led the friars minor order at this time? END
START dominic of guzman led what order of mendicant friars? END
START what two groups grew quickly during the middle ages? END
START what was not occurring when the dominican order came into being in the middle ages? END
START what were men of god expected to stay behind? END
START how many orders of mendicant friars did not come out of the middle ages?  END
START who led the friars major order at this time? END
START who led the friars teachers order at this time? END
START the dominican order received influence from what monastic order? END
START what type of order was the dominican order? END
START what did previous religious orders do for a living? END
START how did the dominican order earn money? END
START what did dominic not seek to do? END
START what order did not influence the dominican order? END
START what did the dominican order not seek to be? END
START how did previous religious orders not do for a living? END
START how did dominic inspire his followers? END
START what group especially benefited from the dominican order's mystical spirituality? END
START in what country did dominican order nuns thrive in? END
START what type of spirituality did dominic want his followers to learn? END
START how did dominic not inspire his followers? END
START what type of governmental structure did dominic not inspire his followers to form? END
START who developed an order where its members had a homogeneous spirituality? END
START what order was rural and ignorant? END
START what country did benedictine order nuns thrive?  END
START what subject did dominic particularly love? END
START why did dominic sell his books? END
START in what country did dominic experience a great famine? END
START at around what age was dominic ordained as a priest? END
START after completing his studies, under whose rule did he become a regular canon? END
START what subject did dominic particularly hate? END
START what happened to dominic during his studies in paris, france? END
START why did dominic refuse to sell his beloved books? END
START where did bishop martin bazan and prior diego d'achebes refuse to appoint dominic to? END
START who entered the priesthood at the age of 30? END
START with whom did dominic travel with to denmark? END
START who requested that dominic travel to denmark? END
START in 1203, what area was a stronghold of the cathar? END
START during what time period did the albigensian crusade occur? END
START why did dominic travel to denmark in 1203? END
START how did prior diego think the members of the holy church acted? END
START who did prior diego admire more than the holy church? END
START how did the cathars live? END
START in order to change to a better way of life, what did the legates request of diego? END
START who did diego and dominic try to convert? END
START who did not immediately see one of the paramount reasons for the spread of the unorthodox movement? END
START who did not act or move with an offensive amount of pomp and ceremony? END
START who did dominic admire more than the holy church? END
START what state did the cathers not live in? END
START what was meet with much success? END
START in what year did dominic establish a convent? END
START what women did dominic convert for his convent? END
START what group are older than the dominican friars? END
START why did families send their girls to diego's monastery?  END
START how long after his mission did prior diego die? END
START who became the spiritual father of several albigensian women? END
START what did dominic establish in 1306? END
START what would become a foundation of the benedictine nuns? END
START what later became the benedictine headquarters for dominic's missionary effort? END
START why did families not send their girls to diego's monastery? END
START what framework did dominic use in order to build his institution? END
START in what year did dominic order his followers into an institutional life? END
START who was the successor to dominic? END
START what did the rule of st. augustine believe in? END
START what were the dominican brothers? END
START what framework did dominic not use in order to stifle his institution? END
START what year did diego order his followers into an institutional life? END
START what did the rule of st. augustine not believe in? END
START what were the dominican brothers not? END
START who could not practice ministry and common life while existing in poverty? END
START dominic studied in what city? END
START dominic's education helped him to overcome who? END
START what helps define the work of the dominican order? END
START in what city did dominic establish a school? END
START who did dominic entrust to start his school? END
START what city did dominic not study in? END
START what did the city of palencia not give dominic? END
START what method was not used by the dominicans in working to defend the church against peril? END
START what did not help define the work of the dominican order? END
START what city did dominic not establish a school? END
START where did dominic and his followers live during early 1220? END
START who invited dominic to stay in the roman basilica of santa sabina? END
START what was required of each new priory? END
START when did pope honorius iii transfer property to the order of preachers? END
START the college of saint thomas became what institution of learning in the 20th century? END
START where did dominic and his followers live in during early 1320? END
START what pope did not invite dominic to stay in the roman basilica of santa sabina? END
START when did pope john paul ii transfer property to the order of preachers? END
START what european country did the dominican friars quickly expand to? END
START what british university did the dominican friars appear in? END
START what did the dominican order fight against? END
START what is one branch of knowledge that the dominican order created works in? END
START who appointed the dominican order to begin the inquisition? END
START what order did not quickly spread through england? END
START what happened to the order in the 14th century? END
START what french university did the dominican friars appear in? END
START what are the three branches of knowledge that the dominican order created works in? END
START who appointed the benedictine order to begin the inquisition?  END
START the term "dominican mysticism" is also knows as what? END
START in what european countries did the dominican order experience changes to how they thought? END
START what saint is associated with the new dominican mysticism? END
START dominican mysticism also spread to what european country? END
START what friar helped to spread dominican mysticism to italy? END
START what did not produce change within the order? END
START what is the term "dominican mysticism" not known as? END
START what sprang up in switzerland and monaco? END
START what saint is associated with the new benedictine mysticism?  END
START what nun helped to spread dominican mysticism to italy? END
START what historical period gave the dominican order a challenge? END
START what was it about the renaissance that gave the dominican order problems? END
START the theologians of what german city gave the dominican order resistance? END
START what writer fused humanism with the dominican order teachings? END
START what dominican friar celebrated the arts of the renaissance age? END
START what did the order not find itself faced with? END
START what did the order embrace during the the renaissance? END
START what theologians of what english city gave the dominican order resistance? END
START what did many benedictines take part in? END
START which friars were celebrated in the science of the renaissance age? END
START in 1876, how many preachers were expelled from the dominican order? END
START in 1910, how many dominicans were actively engaged in order work? END
START how many dominican friars were there in 2013? END
START in what year were there 4,470 priests in the dominican order? END
START how many student brothers were there in the year 2000? END
START how many preachers were expelled from the dominican order in 1867?  END
START how many dominicans were actively engages in order work in 1867?  END
START how many dominican friars were there in 2018? END
START what year were there 5,570 priests in the dominican order? END
START how many students were there in the year 2001? END
START what country held a prominent place in the revival movement? END
START what orator was very famous during the revival movement? END
START when was the province of france canonically erected? END
START what title did pere vincent jandel hold during this time? END
START what country held a minor place in the revival movement? END
START what orator was not well known during the revival movement? END
START what year did jean-baptiste henri lacordaire take the habit of a friar preacher in paris? END
START when was the province of england canonically erected? END
START what title did pere vincent jandel not hold during this time? END
START what country has produced a large number of preachers? END
START what dominican friar inugurated the conferences of notre dame of paris? END
START what is the name of another french dominican friar during this time? END
START what is one of the leading international centers for biblical research? END
START what was prepared at the ecole biblique? END
START what country has produced a large number of nuns? END
START what benedictine friar inaugurated the conference of notre dame of paris? END
START what is the name of another english benedictine friar during this time? END
START what did english dominican found and administer? END
START what was not prepared at the ecole biblique? END
START what school publishes the revue biblique? END
START how many students does the university of fribourg have? END
START when was the university of fribourg put into the dominican order's care? END
START what is the name of one dominican order institution of learning? END
START what dominican founded the revue thomiste? END
START what school does not publish the reve biblique? END
START how many students does the monastery of fribourg have? END
START what year was the university of fribourg put into the benedictine order's care? END
START what is the name of one benedictine order institute of learning? END
START what benedictine founded the revue thomiste? END
START what do present day dominican order associates do? END
START what is an example of a modern dominican order follower? END
START what draws many people into following the dominican order? END
START present day members continue to do what for the dominican order? END
START what do present day benedictine order associates do? END
START what is there not a growing number of? END
START who does not share the dominican charism? END
START what is not an example of a modern dominican order follower? END
START what do present day members continue to do for the dominican order? END
START the tradition of the dominican order includes what? END
START what is one area the dominican order puts emphasis on? END
START what is one way that the dominican order differentiates itself from other religious orders? END
START in what country did some of the dominican order attributes change? END
START what is the spiritual tradition of dominic's order not only punctuated by? END
START what order does not include mystical union? END
START what order was first developed on the asian continent? END
START what country did some of the dominican order not attribute change to? END
START what did the friars and sisters in christ not struggle with? END
START what did dominic greatly struggle with? END
START who remembered dominic as a cheerful fellow? END
START what did dominic enjoy doing? END
START who did dominic pray for? END
START what did dominic refuse to do? END
START what did dominic not struggle with? END
START who remembered dominic as a sour fellow? END
START what did dominic not like to greatly do? END
START who did dominic not pray for? END
START who owned multiple habits? END
START what spirit did dominic give to his followers? END
START where did dominic want his followers to look for truth? END
START what type of man was dominic? END
START what was not evidenced throughout all the branches of the order? END
START what did the spirituality not reflect? END
START what spirit did dominic not give to his followers? END
START what type of man was dominic not? END
START what did dominic not fully utilize? END
START who was the master general of the dominican order during the mid 1200s? END
START what years was humbert of rome the master general? END
START what did humbert do that was very significant during his time as master general? END
START what did subject did humbert love very much? END
START what language did humbert want the dominican order members to learn? END
START who was the master general of the dominican order during the early 1200s? END
START during whose tenure was the sisters of the order not given official membership? END
START who did not have a great love of languages? END
START what did hobart not want the friars to reach? END
START what was not hobart's first priority? END
START what did humbert use to teach even weak members of the dominican order? END
START what did humbert tell dominican students to not concentrate on? END
START according to humbert, what is all that god regards? END
START what did humbert instruct the students not to be? END
START who was not at the center of ascetic writers in the dominican order? END
START who did not significantly add to the order's spirituality? END
START what did hobart's writing's not permeate with? END
START what were young dominicans encouraged not to do?  END
START what did humbert instruct the students to be? END
START the dominican order was also greatly helped by what german friar? END
START albert magnus was also known as "albert the what"? END
START what was a discipline of albert the great? END
START who did albert magnus introduce to dominican order students? END
START who helped albert magnus bring aristotelian curriculum to dominican classrooms? END
START who did not greatly help the dominican order? END
START what was albert magnus not also known as "albert the what? END
START what was not a discipline of albert the great? END
START whose curriculum did albert not mold?  END
START who did albert magnus not introduce to dominican order students? END
START albert magnus studied dionysus during what historical period? END
START what was one of albert the great's biggest contributions during the medieval period? END
START who was dionysus? END
START what refers to the conviction that all believers are capable of experiencing god's love? END
START albert magnus' writings contributed greatly to what? END
START what was not one of albert's great contributions? END
START when did dionysus the areopagite words not leave an indelible imprint? END
START what of magnus' did not make a significant contribution to german mysticism? END
START who was not a mystical theologian? END
START what refers to the conviction that all non-believers are capable of experiencing god's love? END
START what idea did albertus champion? END
START who influenced magnus at this time? END
START what is it easier to do regarding god? END
START how do we deny things of god? END
START who did not champion the idea drawn from dionysus? END
START who believed that negative knowledge of god is possible, but obsure? END
START what is not easier to do regarding god? END
START how do we accept things of god? END
START what is there contradiction between? END
START what enhances man's faith in god according to albertus magnus? END
START what is a tool that god uses to speak to the average man? END
START how can man obtain understanding of god? END
START if someone contemplates god forever, what type of knowledge will they obtain? END
START what cannot see god itself? END
START who did not write the wisdom and understanding enhance one's faith in god? END
START what does god not use to speak with an average man? END
START what is not the cause or result of true understanding and judgment? END
START what can the soul see in perfect clarity? END
START how does one not obtain a goal of understanding? END
START what virtue guides christians in their understanding of god? END
START according to christianity, who is the "one"? END
START what is charity to a christian? END
START what should man's nature be centered on? END
START what happened within a man as the image of god decreases? END
START what does not guide christians to acknowledge that are are nothing without god?  END
START who do christians not consider to the "one"? END
START who did not create, sustain, or guide man? END
START what should man;s nature not be centered on? END
START what did the europeans of the dominican order bring to the group? END
START what did the english dominicans hope to do within the order? END
START what group of nuns are used all aspects of the dominican order for their work?  END
START the dartford nuns are similar to what group? END
START what do ecstatic mystics hope to achieve? END
START what was not affected by a number of elemental influences? END
START what did later members imbue the order with? END
START what did the europeans of the order not embrace? END
START what of type of experiences were english dominicans entirely focused on? END
START what did the english dominicans not hope to do within the order? END
START the search for mysticism in the dominican order goes back to what? END
START what is the holy writ? END
START who wanted to put mysticism into the dominican order? END
START whose writings introduced the idea of 'unknowing' to the order of preachers? END
START what concept does not reach back to the hebrew bible? END
START what tradition believed that it was possible to come face to face with god? END
START what does the commandment of exodus 20.4-5 allow? END
START who did not want to instill mysticism in the dominican order? END
START what writings introduced the idea of "knowing" to the order of preachers? END
START who did some early dominican followers have trouble reconciling? END
START where was one female dominican house located? END
START how many female dominican houses were there in germany? END
START who were an order of religious women who later converted to dominican? END
START how many dominican nunneries were there by 1358? END
START who did some early dominican followers not have trouble reconciling? END
START what did some of the brethren not have issues with? END
START where in england was one female dominican house located? END
START what dotted the countryside throughout asia? END
START how many female benedictine houses  were in france? END
START how did female dominican houses differ from male ones? END
START what did the sisters do instead of apostolic work? END
START what did the sisters not have? END
START who were the nunneries under the jurisdiction of? END
START what is one role that the friars served as to the nuns? END
START how did female house not differ from male dominican houses? END
START what did the benedictine sisters do instead of apostolic work? END
START what did the sisters have? END
START whose authority did the sisters not live under? END
START what roles did the friars not serve as to the nuns? END
START after what age could women become members of the dominican order? END
START what type of veil must the sisters wear? END
START the formula for profession into the dominican order is presented in what text? END
START what were the nuns allowed to minimally do? END
START what were the nuns tested on? END
START what age could women become members of the benedictine order? END
START what did the constitutions of montargis not demand of the nuns? END
START what type of veil did the sisters not have to wear? END
START what was not required of the sisters to wear? END
START what were candidates to profession not tested to do? END
START what did the nuns not do in the dominican order? END
START what was one of the activities the nuns enjoyed? END
START who was expelled from a nunnery for not wanting to learn? END
START where was margarette reglerin from? END
START what monastery did the nuns belong to who could speak latin fluently? END
START what did the nuns of the dominican order do among people? END
START what was immediate or intense for the nuns as it was for men?  END
START what activities did the nuns not have to do? END
START what strasbourg monastery did some nuns not converse fluently in latin?  END
START the dartford sisters were heirs of what priory? END
START where was the priory of poissy located? END
START what book could be found in the dartford sister's library? END
START what did the dartford nunnery have in common with the priory of poissy? END
START what priory were the dartford sisters not heirs to? END
START what country in asia was the priory of poissy located? END
START what book could not be found in the dartford's sister's library? END
START what does not show that a "ghoostli" link to europe was not lost in the channel crossing? END
START what were the french nuns proud of? END
START the dominican order in england was controlled by who? END
START the national side of the order was influenced by what other side? END
START why was the english order of the dominicans so successful in england? END
START who was the benedictine order in england controlled by? END
START what component of the french province was it influenced by? END
START where did members of the french province dwell and labor? END
START what did not constantly come into contact? END
START what did not influence the national side of the order? END
START what famous school was home to the first english dominican order? END
START who did the friars build an oratory in honor of? END
START what was a subject that all dominican students had to learn? END
START what was the most important subject for dominican students? END
START by what year was the school in oxford completed? END
START where was the first benedictine site in england? END
START what did benedictine friars build? END
START what did the dominican friars build in 1260? END
START what were the subjects that all benedictine students had to learn? END
START what was the most important subject that all benedictine students had to learn? END
START what did european mysticism concentrate on that english mysticism didn't? END
START english mysticism was composed of how many elements? END
START what is one element of english dominican mysticism? END
START what was the focus of english dominican mysticism? END
START what did european mysticism and english mysticism both concentrate on? END
START what was not a focus for english dominican mysticism? END
START which mysticism was composed of 5 elements? END
START what was not an image of divinity? END
START what was not ethical or an actual union of god? END
START what was so important to english mystics? END
START the process of faith leads one to what? END
START what did the english dominican mystics not require in their work? END
START what did the english order of dominicans believe was the only thing they needed? END
START what was not important to english mystics? END
START what does the process of faith not led one to? END
START what was not possible for english dominican mystics? END
START what did english dominican mystics not experience? END
START what the one thing that the english order of dominican believe they did not need? END
START how did the english order hope to gain knowledge of christ? END
START who is at the center of all mystical experiences? END
START what is the most significant way to know christ? END
START what did english mystics tend to focus on in their studies? END
START what type of understanding of scripture did the english order subscribe to? END
START what was not at the center of all mystical experiences? END
START what did english dominicans not seek to gain? END
START what did english mystics of all types not focus on? END
START what is the least significant way to know christ? END
START what type of understanding of scripture did the french order subscribe to? END
START the english dominican order focused primarily on what? END
START what did the english order not care about? END
START the english dominican order wanted to put what at the center of their study of christ? END
START what does christ's love reveal to humanity? END
START what does love lead to according to english mystics? END
START what did the french dominican order focus primarily on? END
START what did the english dominican order expect and seek the appearance of? END
START what did the english dominican order not want to create in themselves? END
START what did the french dominican order want to put at the the center of their study of christ? END
START what does love lead to according to french mystics? END
START what is man always seen as? END
START what did the english dominicans like to concentrate on? END
START what amends humanity to god's life? END
START the idea of the image of god allows man to do what? END
START what did french dominican spirituality concentrate on? END
START what is man never seen as? END
START what does the the "image of god" not demonstrate for man? END
START what happens when man's love and knowledge of god decreases? END
START how many public schools are regulated by the 1868 public schools act? END
START which type of school requires students to live at the school? END
START how many all-male boarding schools exist in the uk? END
START how much does eton college charge per term? END
START how does eton college rate expense-wise with the other hmc boarding schools in the uk? END
START which one of the ten english hmc schools is a day school rather than a boarding school? END
START which one of the ten english hmc schools is girls only? END
START what is the most expensive hmc boarding school in the uk? END
START how many british prime ministers has radley educated? END
START how expensive is harrow per term? END
START how many british prime ministers attended eton? END
START which college in newham does eton college co-sponsor? END
START how does london academy of excellence vary in cost from eton college? END
START where will holyport college be located? END
START how much is construction of holyport college predicted to cost? END
START who was the 19th british prime minister? END
START how many students attend newham each year? END
START how many students attend eton each year? END
START where is eton located? END
START how much did the london academy of excellence cost to build? END
START how many students receive financial aid at eton? END
START how many students attended eton free of charge in 2014? END
START what are the goals of the independent and state school partnership? END
START what are some courses eton offers in the summer months? END
START how many eton students attended eton free of charge in 2011? END
START who was the head master of eton in 1982? END
START how many students went to the brent-eton summer school in 2008? END
START how many students attend the eton, slough, windsor and hounslow independent and state school partnership in 2008? END
START who was the head master of the eton, slough, windsor and hounslow independent and state school partnership in 2008? END
START what purpose did eton dorney have to the london olympic games? END
START how many visitors attended eton dorney during the 2012 olympics? END
START what did 2012 olympic spectators vote eton dorney to be? END
START how much does it cost to attend eton dorney throughout the year? END
START in what year was dorney lake built? END
START in an average year how many members of the public make use of dorney lake? END
START how much property does eton own? END
START how many spectators were there for the 2012 olympic canoe sprint event in total? END
START how many spectators were there on average for the paralympic rowing competitions? END
START who was eton's first headmaster? END
START how old are the wall paintings in the chapel and school yard? END
START between what years was college hall built? END
START how many bays was the chapel originially intended to have? END
START how many bays does the chapel have today? END
START in what year was henry vi deposed? END
START who was the first headmaster of magdalen college? END
START in what year did william waynflete die? END
START in what year was magdalen college founded? END
START in what year was winchester college established? END
START around what year did construction continue after a period of financial struggle? END
START whose name is on the gate-house fronting school yard? END
START where are 18th century "leaving portraits" kept at eton? END
START what is the most famous image of eton college? END
START in what year did eton's roger lupton die? END
START in what year was election hall built? END
START which provost had election hall built? END
START in what year was eton founded? END
START who was the first provost of eton? END
START who was incorrctly quoted in saying "the battle of waterloo was won on the playing-fields of eton"? END
START during what years was the duke of wellington at eton? END
START what "stuff" won waterloo, according to wellington? END
START what years did nevill attend eton? END
START for what years did sir william fraser attend eton? END
START who was the duke of wellington? END
START in what year was charles de montalembert made a duke? END
START in what year was edward creasy made a sir? END
START which club at eaton is for motorcyclists? END
START what was the purpose for creating an eton mission? END
START why did construction of eton mission cease in 1971? END
START what is eton's rowing club called? END
START where was the eton mission originally to be located? END
START in what year was the eton manor boys' club established? END
START in what year was the 59 club started? END
START how many students are in eton's rowing club each year? END
START how many children attended the eton mission each year? END
START in what year was g.f. bodley's church built? END
START to whom were school hall and school library erected in memoriam of? END
START what destroyed part of the upper school and chapel in wwii? END
START who was hired to replace windows in the chapel from 1949-1952? END
START in what years was upper school built? END
START who designed upper school? END
START in what years was the boer war fought? END
START who was one of the prominent etonians who died in the great war? END
START who was one of the prominent etonians who died in the boer war? END
START what were new students once called by others? END
START what stipulation did the school base entrance on in 1945? END
START for what reason as the 1945 entrance stipulation removed? END
START who decided to remove the 1945 entrance stipulation? END
START in what year did a.j. ayer become a professor of logic at oxford's wykeham? END
START in what year did harold macmillan become the british prime minister? END
START in what year did eton remove the rule where a student's father had to be british by birth? END
START in what year did a.j. ayer graduate from eton? END
START the college boarding house is reserved for whom? END
START where do "king's scholars" get their name? END
START how many original scholars were there in the original school? END
START how many students receive some form of financial aid? END
START in what year was king henry vi deposed? END
START how many commoners attended eton in 1440? END
START in 1440 where did commoners attending eton stay? END
START how many regular students at eton receive a scholarship but not a bursary? END
START in what year did king henry vi's reign begin? END
START what is the term given to students who lived in town, but not on the campus of eton? END
START oppidan residences were generally cared after by women known as what? END
START what is a house master? END
START about how many students are in a typical oppidan house? END
START what is the term for boys who live on eton's campus? END
START how many houses are there? END
START what is one of the house's names? END
START where do boys on eton's campus live? END
START what is the latin term for "school"? END
START if a boy elects to live in an oppidan house instead of the college house, what are they called? END
START which students are allowed to use the letters os after their name? END
START how many oppidan houses are at eaton? END
START under what circumstances are oppidan scholarships awarded? END
START how many distinguishments does a student need for an oppidan scholarship? END
START what is one of the requirements to be a king's scholar? END
START what is  a king's scholar entitled to put after their name? END
START typically how many students each year decide to become a oppidan scholar instead of a king's scholar? END
START how do king's scholars get awarded with scholarships? END
START which oppidan houses did not change from their original 1720 names? END
START which two houses were built as student population increased 1845? END
START which two oppidan houses are the oldest? END
START who built godolphin house? END
START in what year was hopgarden built? END
START in what year was south lawn built? END
START who built villiers house? END
START what is the newest house? END
START what term was given to juniors who acted as servants to older students? END
START what were common duties of younger servant students? END
START what words were yelled by librarians that required first year students to come? END
START which first year student was given the task yelled for by the librarian? END
START what year was "fagging" phased out of most houses? END
START when was fagging mostly eliminated from all houses? END
START what were older students known as? END
START what was the captain of house and captain of games called? END
START what would junior boys yell at older students? END
START what were library members known as? END
START there is false belief that the current uniforms were first worn for what event? END
START what are beaks? END
START when are beaks required to wear a form of school dress? END
START what are classes at eaton known as today? END
START in what century did george iii die? END
START what number of king of britain was george iii? END
START what are students known as at eton? END
START what color top-hats did eton students originally wear? END
START what color are king's scholars tailcoats? END
START how many current students take chinese courses at eaton? END
START is chinese a required or non-curriculum course? END
START how many computers were at eaton in the 1970s? END
START which subject was only studied by boys with sufficient ability? END
START was was the emphasis early on? END
START in what decade was learning chinese introduced to eton? END
START how many students at eton now learn latin each year? END
START in the past how many students each year learned classical greek? END
START what other term is given to the director of studies? END
START with whom does the primary responsibility for a student's leaning lie? END
START who designed the learning buildings at eton? END
START are living houses and classrooms seperate or conjoined? END
START who was one of the first house master's? END
START in what year were tutor's introduced to eton? END
START how often have new buildings for housing appeared at eton? END
START what is new schools colloquially known as? END
START which eton society is dedicated to philosophy? END
START which eton society is centered around horses? END
START what is the name of the eton club for musical interests? END
START what is the interest of the savile club at eton? END
START what was one of the first society's created at eton? END
START what was the latest society started at eton? END
START what in one of the societies that dates to the 1400s? END
START what is one of the societies started in the 15th century? END
START what is the modern-day largest society? END
START for what is the huxley prize awarded? END
START which two prizes are dedicated to mathematics? END
START what artistic accomplishments can earn students a prize? END
START are trials considered internal or external exams? END
START what are generally the hardest internal exams at eton? END
START what was the first prize to be awarded at eton? END
START what is the name of the prize for silverwork? END
START what is the prize for musical composition? END
START what is the prize for design? END
START what does the busk fund support? END
START which fund is dedicated for travel to non-english speaking countries? END
START which fund supports travel to classical lands? END
START what grant is given for boys who want to travel to countries where english is the main language? END
START what grant is given to boys who want to enter the teaching profession? END
START what fund is for boys who want to travel to africa? END
START what fund is for boys who want to travel to asia? END
START what action results in something being "sent up for good?" END
START what does a student receive when work is sent up for good? END
START when a student has work sent up for good, who signs the card that they receive? END
START where is work that has been sent up for good stored? END
START how many pieces of work are sent up for good each decade on average? END
START how many head of department are there at eton? END
START what process at eton is as clear as day to most eton boys? END
START who takes the sending up for good piece of work to the college archives? END
START what is the opposite of a show up? END
START who must sign a rip? END
START who must sign a white ticket? END
START who must sign an "info"? END
START what punishment term is "info" short for? END
START what action is colloquially known as a show up? END
START what are boys who accumulate show up's liable to receive? END
START what are some of the consequences of earning a show up? END
START who must sign a show up? END
START what term is used if a master is more than 15 minutes late to a class? END
START where is the "tardy book" kept? END
START how long is the typical punishment for being tardy? END
START when a boy is summoned to the head master, what is the experience called? END
START what is another term for rustication? END
START what is the longest duration a student must sign the tardy book? END
START what is the shortest duration a student would need to sign the tardy book? END
START what must a student sign if the commit a serious misdeed? END
START who do students meet with if the commit the most serious misdeeds? END
START the birch was abolished and replaced with what? END
START what was the most severe form of physical punishment at eton referred to as? END
START why was a subject ordered to appear to pop-tanning in old trousers? END
START which head master abolished corporal punishment by peers? END
START who administered caning privately in his office? END
START who started the practice of using a birch to discipline students? END
START who started allowing senior boys to apply corporal punishment? END
START how were students hit with the birch by head masters? END
START who was one of the president's of pop? END
START who came up with the term "pop-tanning"? END
START what term is given to the head of music? END
START what is an example of a lesser-known instrument taught at eton? END
START who is the current precentor? END
START how many organs does eton house? END
START who is the current headmaster? END
START who currently guides the national youth orchestra? END
START who now organizes the eton choral courses? END
START who designed the farrer theatre? END
START who designed parry hall? END
START how many people can sit in the audience at eton's main theatre? END
START what is the name of eton's largest theatre? END
START how many house productions does eton run each year? END
START what are "independent" theatre productions at eton? END
START do the plays sport high attendance rates? END
START how many people can sit in college chapel? END
START how many people can sit in upper school? END
START what studio theatre was built first? END
START how many plays are held in caccia studio each year? END
START how many plays are held in empty space each year? END
START who are cast in eton's female roles in their productions? END
START who is responsible for stage hand duties, lighting, sound, and management? END
START which shakespearean play did the school put on in october 2012? END
START what are somefemale schools close to eton? END
START what eton production did the girls from st. george's recently appear in? END
START girls from st mary's school ascot appeared in which recent eton production? END
START girls from windsor girls' school appeared in which recent eton production? END
START what eton production did the girls from heathfield st mary's school recently appear in? END
START what girl's school was featured in october 2011's macbeth? END
START what is eton's best-known holiday? END
START what does the "fourth of june" celebrate? END
START when is the fourth of june celebrated? END
START which event is held on the fourth of june? END
START on what day of the year did king george iii die? END
START on what date is the queen's official birthday celebrated? END
START on what date is st. andrew's day? END
START how is the queen's birthday celebrated? END
START when is st. andrew's day actually observed? END
START why is being a charity beneficial to eton? END
START what service does eton provide to the local community free of charge? END
START what was the full price of eton per student in 2010-2011? END
START how much did estimated tax breaks save per student in 1992? END
START what is the largest charity in the uk? END
START in what year did david jewell become the master of haileybury? END
START in what year did tony little retire as head master? END
START how much did it cost to attend eton in 2006? END
START how much was the fee to attend eton in 2010? END
START who granted money to eton for a sports complex in 1995? END
START when did the thames valley athletics centre open? END
START for what did the college pay a substancial sum and donate 4.5 hectres of land? END
START how many cricket squares does eton have? END
START how many swimming pools are located within eton? END
START in what year was the national lottery established? END
START when was safe neighbourhoods unit founded? END
START how much do uk councils spend on youth services each year? END
START who led the national lottery in 1995? END
START who led the uk sports council in 1995? END
START who claimed she had been unfairly fired by eton and won her case? END
START what did sarah forsyth provide as evidence to her unfair termination and job duties? END
START for what was eton criticized in its handling of the forsyth case? END
START who was criticized for not handling the forsyth case independently? END
START who was the head master of eton in 2004? END
START what position did sarah forsyth have at eton in 2004? END
START in what year did prince harry graduate from eton? END
START in what year did prince harry start attending eton? END
START in what year did ian burke become a head of department at eton? END
START the school dismissed claims that prince harry was cheating by saying the claims were what? END
START what was potentially considered abuse of teacher-student confidentiality? END
START the tribunal denied responsibility for what concerning harry's recording in the forsyth case? END
START who was the spokesperson for clarence house? END
START who wrote the text for prince harry's expressive art project? END
START who was one of the members of the tribunal? END
START who issued the statement for the school? END
START who defended fifty schools accused of price-sharing, stating they were unaware the laws had changed? END
START in what year was a group of independent schools found guilty of price-sharing? END
START how much did each school have to pay as punishment for price-sharing? END
START what did the schools elect to contribute money towards, in light of their allegations? END
START in what year did sevenoaks school open its doors to students? END
START how much was eton fined by the office of fair trading in 2005? END
START how much did eton agree to contribute to the new charitable education fund? END
START how was the head of the office of fair trading in 2005? END
START how much does eaton give to the independent schools council each year? END
START how much had eton received in farming subsidies in 2005? END
START under what policy was eton able to receive funds without farming? END
START what did panorama say was the documented reason eton was eligible for farming subsidies? END
START in what year was the taxpayers' alliance established? END
START in what year was the common agricultural policy established? END
START in what year was panorama established? END
START how much in farming subsidies did eton receive in 2012? END
START how many outreach events were held at eton by oxford university in 2010? END
START which independent school had more hosted outreach events than eton? END
START who described outreach events at eton as "unfair and indefensible?" END
START in 2010, how many applicants from eton were accepted to oxford? END
START how many eton "outreach events" were held at wellington college in 2010? END
START in what year did david lammy become a labour mp? END
START in what year did the economist print an article about how oxford accepted more students from eton than all the uk's students who qualify for free school meals? END
START in what month in 2010 did the daily telegraph publish a report about oxford's acceptance standards? END
START when was an accidental email sent to potential students of eton that warranted a personal apology to each family? END
START how many prospective students received a mistaken email in july 2015? END
START for how many students was the email mistake originally intended? END
START who was the tutor for admissions at eton in 2015? END
START who at eton issued the statement about the erroneous emails? END
START in what year did tony little become the headmaster of eton? END
START how many students does eton accept each year? END
START what was eton's beagle club accused of in january 2016? END
START what evidence was brought forth of a potential hare hunt? END
START did eton's official statement say that they took the matter seriously or frivilously? END
START in what year did eaton establish the beagling club? END
START in what year was the league against cruel sports founded? END
START when was hunting hare's made illegal in the uk? END
START what is the best month to hunt hares in the uk? END
START who taped the eton beagles illegally hunting a hare? END
START which male private school in boston, usa has eton formed a relationship with? END
START where do hennessy scholars typically reside? END
START in which year was the hennessy scholarship founded? END
START what is the g20 school's group? END
START in what year was robert college founded in turkey? END
START in what year did f. washington jarvis retire from roxbury latin at their headmaster? END
START in what year did singapore's raffles institution open their doors? END
START in what year was the g20 schools group established? END
START who was switzerland's international school of geneva's headmaster in 2005? END
START which duke of gloucester attended eton? END
START where is prince richard's son, alexander windsor, earl of? END
START which 7th earl of harewood attended eton? END
START who was george lascelles' mother? END
START in what year did prince richard, duke of gloucester graduate from eton? END
START in what year did prince edward, duke of kent start attending eton? END
START who is lord downpatrick's grandson? END
START what school did princess mary, princess royal attend? END
START who was the 6th earl of harewood? END
START which 2012 nobel prize winner attended eton? END
START which antarctic explorer attended eton? END
START where did adventurer bear grylls attend school? END
START in what year did hubert parry write the song jerusalem? END
START what does george butterworth do for a living? END
START what is roger quilter's occupation? END
START in what year did alan clark meet adele? END
START what occupation does thomas dunhill do? END
START which current bbc deputy political editor attended eton? END
START which former editor of the daily telegraph attended eton? END
START who is a former eton alumn and current editor of the mail on sunday? END
START in what decade did julian haviland graduate from eton? END
START in what decade did bbc world news get its start? END
START in what decade did david shukam attend eton? END
START in what decade did david jessel attend eton? END
START when did david shukman go to eton? END
START according to actor dominic wes, would he send his children to eton? END
START according to actor tom hiddleston, that is special about eton? END
START which actor states there are widespread misconceptions about eton? END
START who was one of tom hiddleston's classmates at eton? END
START what did tom hiddleston say about sending any potential kids to eton? END
START what did dominic west say about the perception of eton being full of braying toffs? END
START who was in the same house as dominic west? END
START who was thought to have founded cork? END
START when was cork believed to have been founded? END
START when did viking travelers establish a trading post in cork? END
START what kind of settlement was cork? END
START what did the norsemen provide to the monastery? END
START who founded cork in the 600's? END
START what happened to cork in the 9th century? END
START who did the monastery need protection from? END
START who did the monastery provide religious services for? END
START who was the founder of dublin? END
START in what century was dublin founded? END
START what kind of settlement was dublin originally? END
START what did dublin achieve between 915 and 922? END
START what caused dublin to become urbanized? END
START who granted cork's charter? END
START what kind of protection did cork have? END
START what parts of cork's defense remain today? END
START what would citizens of cork pay to neighboring lords in order to prevent them from attacking their city? END
START where is the present city of cork located geographically? END
START what was prince john lord of in the 11th century? END
START who granted cork's charter in the 11th century? END
START when was cork a gaelic outpost? END
START who payed "black rent" to the citizens of cork? END
START what kind of protection did the hostile gaelic countryside have? END
START who granted the barony of barrymore's charter? END
START what parts of barony of barrymore still remain today? END
START what were citizens expected to pay to prince john since he was lord of ireland? END
START where is dublin located? END
START who controlled cork's municipal government? END
START how many citizens were origionally in cork? END
START what caused the deaths of half of cork's citizens? END
START when did the plague hit cork? END
START who tried to recruit citizens of cork to overthrow henry vii? END
START how many aristocratic families dominated the government? END
START who exported salt, iron and wine to continental europe? END
START who did cork import wool and hides from? END
START what killed half the people in the 13th century? END
START what war did cork take part in in the 1400's? END
START what was the medieval population of england? END
START how many people died in england from the black death in 1349? END
START who did henry vii want to overthrow in 1491? END
START what did henry vii try to do for a plot to overthrow perkin warbeck? END
START why did henry vii change the title of mayor of cork to lord mayor in 1491? END
START what is the weather like in cork? END
START who keeps a weather station in cork? END
START why can temperatures differ so much between the city of cork and the weather station maintained at the airport?  END
START where are some weather stations near cork? END
START if you are going to farm in cork, what should you be aware of? END
START how is the rest of ireland climate different than cork's? END
START who maintains a weather station in the city of cork? END
START what is at an altitude of 495 meters? END
START where is the larger synoptic weather station located? END
START in what zone does clover hill lie? END
START what does met eireann maintain at clover hill? END
START where is ucc located? END
START by how much does the temperature differ at ucc compared to clover hill? END
START what altitude is clover hill located at? END
START how much precipitation does cork usually receive? END
START what is usually the type of precipitation that cork receives? END
START how long does snow hang around in cork? END
START what is the atmosphere typically like in cork? END
START how many foggy days does cork usually have per year? END
START what is rarely below 25 degrees c? END
START who records an average of 1,227.9 cm of precipitation a year? END
START where is there an annual average of 4.029 ft of rain recorded? END
START what is one of ireland's foggiest cities? END
START what causes lying snow in the city? END
START how much precipitation does ireland have annually? END
START how many days of hail does ireland have a year? END
START what influence does the harbor have on ireland's lack of lying snow? END
START how many rainy days a year are there in ireland? END
START how many days of fog are there in ireland a year? END
START where is a good place to find dramatic plays all year in cork? END
START which hollywood actress first began in cork at the corcadorca theatre company? END
START what is a major dance venue in cork? END
START what are someplaces that you could study drama and therter in cork? END
START what are some festivals or events of note in cork? END
START what star left hollywood to join the corcadorca theater company? END
START what institute is a regional dance resource? END
START who was a member of the graffiti theatre company before they became famous in hollywood? END
START what two theatres are located close to hollywood? END
START what is a major dance venue popular in hollywood? END
START what cinema  is included at the graffiti theatre company? END
START what is provided by cada? END
START which group members of the high llamas are from cork? END
START which major opera singers were born in cork? END
START who runs the underground music scene in cork? END
START what are the main attractions in cork? END
START which famous quartet calls cork it's home? END
START what opera singers currently lives in cork? END
START who invented the underground music scene in cork? END
START what city are the high llamas from? END
START what does the rte vanbrugh quartet support? END
START what four opera singers have a contract with plugd records? END
START what is the maximum capacity of the savoy in cork? END
START what group regularly performs at cyprus avenue? END
START what two groups are supported by triskel christchurch? END
START what are 2 major cultural influences of cork? END
START what things show corks diverse culural background? END
START when did cork begin to see people from russia and lithuania immigrating to their city? END
START what types of religions can be found in cork? END
START how do the catholic churches handle the diverse languages of cork? END
START what community came to cork in the 1700's? END
START where did jews immigrate from in the 1900's? END
START t large community of cork has its own quarter and a synagogue? END
START when was david marcus mayor of cork? END
START in what centuries did thai restauraunts become a part of romania? END
START what kind of patisseries are located in romania? END
START when did romania see jewish immigration? END
START what is the size of the jewish community in romania? END
START what kind of houses of worship are located in romania? END
START what sets the cork accent apart from other irish accents? END
START what is the name of the english dialects that are written and spoken in cork? END
START where did cork get pieces of its language from? END
START what is the pronunciation of the irish "r" called? END
START what accent is part of the southwest dialect of british english? END
START what does the cork accent have a lower-pitch than? END
START what type of english does the cork dialect borrow words from? END
START what influences the exact vocabulary of a person from cork? END
START what causes a foreign accent to vary? END
START where did languages from overseas get some of their words from? END
START what makes other languages easier to understand? END
START what describes other languages spoken in ireland? END
START what aspect do foreign accents not native to cork have depending on the speaker's social class? END
START is there a christian radio station in cork? END
START what are some pirate radio stations that were based in cork? END
START what nearby radio stations can be picked up in cork? END
START when were south coast radio and eri running their pirate stations out of cork? END
START what did cork campus radio change to? END
START in what city is 98.3fm a christian radio station? END
START what pirate stations where running out of cork in the 19th century? END
START what did ucc 98.3fm change its name to? END
START what radio station only airs on sundays? END
START what days is spirit radio on the air? END
START in what year did life 93.1fm go on the air in cork? END
START what was cork fm community radio on 100.5fm formerly known as? END
START what kind of license does south coast radio have? END
START what kind of station is cork's red fm that has been broadcasting since the 1980's? END
START which irish newspaper has it's homebase in cork, ireland? END
START what was the irish examiner's previous identity? END
START who are the echo boys? END
START what newspaper did the echo boys sell? END
START what publications are put out by the ucc? END
START what did the irish examiner change its name to? END
START who prints the echo boys? END
START what paper is still sold by poor and homeless boys? END
START what is corks only free newspaper? END
START what was the ucc express formerly called? END
START what does the motley magazine print? END
START for how long has the cork independent been connected to the echo boys? END
START who are the ucc express boys? END
START what did the ucc express boys do? END
START from which periods are the buildings in cork from? END
START what is so special about the red abbey in cork? END
START how many cathedrals does cork host? END
START what is the catholic cathedral of cork? END
START what else is st. mary's known as? END
START what originated mostly in the medieval and modern period? END
START what is the only building left from the medieval period? END
START what cathedral was started in the 18th century? END
START what was added to st. mary's cathedral in the late 18th century? END
START what 18th century cathedral now serves protestants? END
START what is the only remnant of the 1879 period? END
START on what foundations is st. mary's cathedral built? END
START in what year was saint fin barre's cathedral referred to as the north cathedral? END
START when was the tower added to the saint fin barre's cathedral? END
START when did work end on the red abbey under the direction of william burges? END
START what is main street cork? END
START when was st. patrick's street remodeled? END
START what is st. patrick's street curved? END
START when did the theatre royal burn? END
START what was built on the site of the old theatre royal? END
START what street was remodeled in the 20th century? END
START what theater was built in the 17th century? END
START who built an amphitheater in 1850? END
START what built on the site of the old theater royal in the 18th century? END
START what bank has an exterior dating to the 19th century? END
START when was st. patrick's street damaged by fire? END
START who built the allied irish bank in 1850? END
START what was the allied irish bank transformed into? END
START what was the allied irish bank turned into in 1877? END
START why does the general post office have a curved shape? END
START what style does most of the city's architecture belong to? END
START what is the tallest building in cork? END
START what is the longest building in cork? END
START what has the old psychiatric hospital been turned into? END
START what is atkin's hall? END
START what tower is built in the georgian style? END
START what was atkins hall turned into? END
START who was the architect of atkins hall? END
START what replaced the elysian as ireland's tallest building? END
START what tower was built by william atkins? END
START what building style was a favorite of william atkins? END
START what did atkins hall used to be before it was overtaken by another building? END
START what was the elysian converted into? END
START what is the name of the building that the elysian was converted into? END
START what is the name of the college in cork? END
START which river runs through the university's campus? END
START how old is the building holding the covered market? END
START where is st mary's dominican church? END
START where is the cork public museum? END
START what market has origins from the 16th century? END
START what market has a building from the 17th century? END
START what park does the river lee flow through? END
START what was the cork opera house converted into? END
START what is the cork opera house the original site of? END
START on what side of the city is university college cork located? END
START what river flows near the cork public museum? END
START what has the cork public museum been declared? END
START who takes care of roads and sanitation in cork? END
START how many wards make up cork? END
START what is the most well represented ward in cork? END
START which party has the least amount of members? END
START how is a mayor chosen in cork? END
START what government has more power than in other countries? END
START who has 31 appointed members? END
START what ward has 10 members? END
START what voting system is used to elect council members? END
START what kind of power does d'hondt have compared to other countries? END
START how many electoral wards are in d'hondt? END
START what ward has the most members in d'hondt? END
START what party is the lord mayor not affiliated with? END
START where does the worker's party represent the city? END
START what types of retail offerings are found in cork? END
START what happened after the economy dropped off around 2008? END
START what major department stores gottheir starts in cork? END
START when will work on the grand parade begin? END
START how large is the retail space in the grand parade proposed to be? END
START what is mostly a mix of family owned shops? END
START what mostly caters to expensive boutiques? END
START what nearby suburbs need to come to cork for shopping centers? END
START what area was effected by the economic growth of 2008? END
START what large mall is located in ballyvolane? END
START what site was ballincollig built on? END
START how much retail space was mahon point approved for? END
START in what year will work begin on mahon point? END
START what is opera lane considered after dublin grafton street? END
START what is the main industry in cork? END
START who are the two major industry employers in cork? END
START what is the most famous pharmaceutical company in cork? END
START what major computing company calls cork it's european headquarters? END
START who are important industrial technology companies in cork? END
START where is the main area of industry in the north of ireland? END
START what company has its international headquarters in cork? END
START what type of company is viagra? END
START what are the 2 main pharmaceutical companies in switzerland? END
START what is the main industry in europe? END
START how many employees at pfizer inc. are employed in europe? END
START what are the staff of emc corp. involved in in europe? END
START what is the most famous product by novartis manufactured in europe? END
START what kind of company was emc corporation originally when founded? END
START cork is home to which internationally famous brewery? END
START what is the ferro factory known for producing? END
START which car company closed the doors on it's cork operations in 1984? END
START what online retail giant has operations at the cork airport business park? END
START why was it natural to have ford motor company based in cork? END
START what brewery took over heineken in 2008? END
START where are most of the world's tic tacs made? END
START what car manufacturer came to cork in 1984? END
START what businessman was from cork? END
START what did beamish and crawford brewery take over in 1984? END
START how many people in the city drink heineken? END
START in what year did ford open its first factory in beamish? END
START what famous company owner's grandfather was from beamish? END
START where has the heineken brewery set up its main location? END
START who runs the public busses in cork? END
START besides busses, what kinds of public transportation are offered in cork? END
START what do the routes consist of? END
START what connects the suburbs to shopping centers and places of interest? END
START how many routes offer service to both northern and southern ireland? END
START what is offered for the north suburbs? END
START who runs the public colleges in cork? END
START how are shuttles to cork airport numbered? END
START what does glanmire connect the city centre to? END
START what do shuttles provide to glanmire? END
START what is used for transportation and only available in midleton? END
START when was the cork south link dual carriageway built? END
START what was the purpose of the dual carriageway? END
START what was the purpose of the kinsale road flyover? END
START what was a beneficial improvement made to patrick street?  END
START when was kinsale road built? END
START what was linked to the kinsale road roundabout in the 1990's? END
START what tunnel passes over the lee river? END
START what links patrick street with dublin? END
START in what year was the kinsale road roundabout built? END
START why did the n25 south ring road open in 2006? END
START from who would the n25 south ring road help remove the bottleneck? END
START what does the jack lynch tunnel link mallow with? END
START what improvement was made to n20 blackpool bypass to make it safer? END
START how many rail stations has cork had over the years? END
START what connects cobh and midleton to cork? END
START where does the main rail originate? END
START where was the original end of the line? END
START what was ireland's most rail-centric city? END
START what is one or the most rail oriented cities in europe? END
START what has connected to youghal since the 1980's? END
START what route now ends in blackpool? END
START how many rail stations are there in youghal? END
START what from youghal is still the same today as when it began? END
START what originally terminated at kent? END
START how does the route reach the city centre terminus of youghal station? END
START what is youghal considered now that it connects cobh and midleton? END
START how many tram systems were in cork? END
START who wanted to develop a horse drawn tram system? END
START when did the cork tramway company start a horse driven tram system? END
START why did the cork tramway company stop operations? END
START why did the cab operators not like the tracks? END
START who opposed a horse drawn tram in the 18th century? END
START what type of tram was built in the 18th century? END
START who built the horse drawn tram in the 18th century? END
START what did the cork corporation give permission for in 1875? END
START what company did george francis train work for in 1872? END
START when did george francis train arrive in cork? END
START how tall was george francis train? END
START why did george francis train refuse to extend the line? END
START where did the attachment sit when the horses were hitched to the tram? END
START which line was reopened in 2009? END
START what new stations were added to the glounthaune to midleton line? END
START what station is going to be available to the northern suburbs? END
START where are the little island railway station routes? END
START what system are little island, mallow, midleton, fota and cobh stations of? END
START what line was close in july of 2009? END
START what rail system has connections arriving in kent? END
START what railway station serves the northern suburbs? END
START what happened to the little island to mallow line in july 2009? END
START what area is midelton railway station planned to serve? END
START where does the glounthaune rail system that departs from kent station connect to? END
START what is planned for little island, mallow and cobh? END
START what year was the cork suburban rail system opened? END
START where can one study nautical and marine subjects in cork? END
START what liberal arts type colleges are in cork? END
START who provides vocational training in cork? END
START who offers post-secondary education in cork? END
START what is the only college in europe for nautical studies? END
START what is the largest college in ireland? END
START what is the biggest provider of vocational training in europe? END
START griffith college cork is the only college in ireland where you can study what? END
START what is the cork school of music the largest provider of in the country? END
START what constituent schools are incorporated into griffith college cork? END
START what kind of certificate does crawford college of art and design offer? END
START what level institution is the cork school of music? END
START what is the biggest conglomeration of start-up companies in cork? END
START where is a good source of marine research in cork? END
START what is a good source for business start-ups in cork? END
START how many start-ups are associated with the rubicon center? END
START what supports the research and innovation of europe? END
START how many start ups are associated with ucc? END
START what is the rubicon centre linked to? END
START what does the environmental research institute support in cork? END
START how may start ups are associated with the environmental research institute? END
START what kind of start up companies are associated with the environmental research institute? END
START what does the environmental research institute want to support for new business? END
START what are the biggest sports draws in cork? END
START how many all-ireland championships has cork won? END
START how many all-ireland senior football championship titles have been won by cork? END
START what kind of hurling do the women of cork play? END
START what sport has been gaining steam as more and more women play? END
START what does  football have a strong identity with? END
START how many football championships has cork won? END
START what are the most popular sports in ireland? END
START where are camogie and women's gaelic football the most popular? END
START how many all-ireland championships have the nemo rangers won? END
START how many senior football championship titles has pairc ui chaoimh won? END
START what is pairc ui rinn increasing in as more women join? END
START what is another name for women's gaelic football? END
START what kinds of sea faring sports are available in cork? END
START how many rowing clubs are in cork? END
START where is the world's oldest yahct club? END
START what is one of the more popular sailing events in cork? END
START what annual rowing event has been happening in cork since 2005? END
START what watersports are available in ireland? END
START what race was held until 2005 END
START what has reduced numbers involved rowing? END
START how long has the royal cork yacht club trained on the lee? END
START what did moving shandon bc to crosshaven help improve? END
START what city is naomhoga chorcai located in? END
START what title does naomhoga chorcai hold as the oldest? END
START what city has cork week been moved to since 2005? END
START what's the most famous cricket club in cork? END
START when was the cork county cricket club established? END
START which league does the cork county cricket club belong to? END
START which first-class matches were hosted at mardyke? END
START which teams played in the three first class matches? END
START what cricket club was formed in the 18th century? END
START when did the cricket club host matches? END
START in what year was harlequins cricket club formed? END
START what jurisdiction is the harlequins cricket club located in? END
START what league does the harlequins cricket club play in? END
START in what years were first class matches held close to cork airport? END
START where does the harlequins cricket club want to introduce the sport to? END
START which australian rules football team is cork home to? END
START how many times have the leeside lions won the australian rules football league of ireland premiership? END
START when did the leeside lions win the australian rules football league of ireland premiership? END
START which inline roller sports translate well to winter in cork? END
START what martial arts can be found within cork? END
START what is played in the east suburbs? END
START how many times have the leeside lions lost the australian rules football league? END
START when did he leeside lions loose the australian rules football league END
START who raced the formula ford championship until 2005? END
START in what area is hockey played in cork? END
START how many times has the muay thai club won the ireland premiership? END
START in what years did the muay thai club win the ireland premiership? END
START how long has road bowling been played in cork? END
START during what season is road bowling played inside? END
