START in which us state is new haven located? END
START new haven harbor is located on the northern shore of what waterway?  END
START in what county is new haven located? END
START what is the population of new haven according to the 2010 united states census? END
START new haven county makes up the outer limits of what major metropolitan area? END
START what is the population of new haven city in 2010? END
START what is connecticut's biggest city? END
START in what county is new haven located in? END
START the population of the greater new haven in 2010? END
START what is the metropolitan next to new haven county, connecticut?  END
START in what year did the puritans survey new haven harbor? END
START from what colony did the original 500 puritan settlers originate? END
START who was the religious leader of the original puritan settlers? END
START in what year did the original 500 puritan settlers arrive in the new haven harbor area? END
START from what native tribe did the original puritan settlers purchase land in exchange for the offer of providing protection? END
START what year begin the founding of new haven harbor? END
START where did the settlers came from? END
START what was the name of the native americans that sold them the land? END
START in comparison to massachusetts what where settlers hoping to establish in new haven harbor? END
START who was the religious leader that lead the pilgrims to new haven harbor? END
START what type of government did the puritan settlers establish? END
START by what year did the puritan settlers rename the area from quinnipac to newhaven? END
START in what year was the northern area of new haven renamed hamden? END
START what colony was located to the north of new haven colony, centered around the area known as hartford? END
START what did new haven colony not permit that principally distinguished it from connecticut colony? END
START in 1678 what was  the new name of the northern part of new haven? END
START new haven colony was separated from the connecticut colony which was located where? END
START what made new haven different from the other colonies in connecticut? END
START where was the headquarters of the new haven colony located? END
START who was the influential new haven general that hoped to avoid conflict with the british parliament as the american revolution loomed closer? END
START what date is still commemorated by powder house day in new haven? END
START what was the name of the second company in new haven that was the first to enter the inaugural struggle with the british? END
START under whose leadership did the governor's foot guard break into the powder house to arm themselves? END
START toward what area did the new haven militia march for three days following the powder house incident? END
START power house day is celebrated on what day in new haven? END
START what is the name of infamous historical person who played an important role on power house day?  END
START where was george washington planning to go after staying in new haven? END
START what is the name of the new haven militia that fought on during powder house day? END
START although the militia were mainly made of volunteers what item distinguish them from other militia companies? END
START who was the governor of new york under which the loyalist and british raid of new haven took place? END
START the students of what new haven university formed an ad-hoc militia to confront the redcoats? END
START who was the professor of yale divinity school that led the student militia to confront the redcoats? END
START on what date did the loyalists and redcoats land in new haven harbor to commence a raid on new haven? END
START who was the president of yale that provided diary accounts expressing disbelief over the commencement of the revolution in new haven? END
START what is the name of the general that lead british regulars to new haven harbor? END
START at the time what was the population of new haven harbor? END
START a group of militia from a very famous modern town in connecticut came to fought in the harbor, what was the name of their town? END
START the militia that fought in new haven was lead by who?  END
START after the battle were new haven historical features lost or torched? END
START who is the yale graduate, inventor, and arms manufacturer that had a large positive impact on the new haven economy in the late 18th century? END
START what invention, for which he is primarily known, did eli whitney develop in new haven? END
START what is the area near hamden that was renamed for eli whitney? END
START what was the nickname given to connecticut due to the large number of arms manufacturers that arose in the state?  END
START in 1836, who invented the automatic revolver in eli whitney's gun manufacturing plant? END
START what is the name of the inventor that created the cotton gin in new haven? END
START what is the name of the main road that connects new haven to hamden? END
START what was the company that was responsible connecticut rise as a manufacturing economy?  END
START the rise of gun factories within connecticut earn the state what name? END
START in what year was the first automatic revolver invented? END
START in what year did an important trial take place which situated new haven among the forefront of the growing anti-slavery movement? END
START what tribesman were being transported  as slaves on a ship by the spanish? END
START what was the name of the spanish slave ship used to transport the mende tribesmen? END
START who was the informal leader of the slaves to whom there is a statue dedicated beside city hall in new haven? END
START in 1860, what notable u.s. president gave a speech on slavery in new haven? END
START what is the name of the slaveship that once sit in new haven harbor? END
START who was the leader of slaves during the new haven anti slavery movement in 1839 END
START what famous president made a speech in new haven in 1860? END
START exactly who were the slaves upon the spanish slaveship? END
START what major war stimulated the new haven economy by way of industrial goods purchased through the new haven arms company? END
START what was the new haven arms company later renamed? END
START the increase in immigrants from what country in southern europe had a notable impact on the population growth in new haven in the early 20th century? END
START what ethnic group currently comprises approximately half the population of east haven, west haven and north haven? END
START what area of new haven was known for being the center of the jewish community? END
START what was the original name of the famous rifle manufacturing companies in new haven? END
START in modern day new haven who makes up for majority of the demographics in terms of ethnicity? END
START the civil war had many effects after the war, what was the main effect for new haven? END
START what new haven mayor is responsible for projects that placed the city among the forefront of urban renewal in the u.s. circa 1954?  END
START what major u.s. interstate runs along the long wharf section of new haven? END
START what new haven thoroughfare runs between interstate 95, downtown, and the neighborhood known as the hill? END
START what area of new haven was route 34 originally intended to service? END
START what did the western portion of route 34 ultimately become? END
START what was the name of the mayor that lead the urban development project in new haven 1954? END
START what was of the major urban development that affected several new haven neighborhood? END
START during this redevelopment process what happen to the west part of route 34? END
START in approximately what year did revitalization most recently begin to occur in downtown new haven? END
START what specific area of downtown new haven enjoyed a notable increase in apartments in condominiums at the beginning of the current century? END
START what specific service sector has substantially increased in downtown new haven in recent years? END
START in addition to stop & shop, what new supermarket is located one block from the green and is poised to serve the growing downtown population? END
START in the 21st century what has happen to most of downtown new haven in terms of retail? END
START how has the media perceive most of these changes to the downtown area? END
START what has happen in new haven green during the 2000s? END
START including to the growth, what market chain have expanded nearby downtown new haven? END
START what multi-use project in new haven is the largest residential building in connecticut? END
START what park is anticipated to extend to downtown new haven? END
START for what area are a new boathouse and dock being planned? END
START what is the city landmark demolished in 2007 that the city ultimately wish to redevelop? END
START what is the name of building project is taking place in gateway community college downtown? END
START the new haven harbor is receiving what kind of adjustment? END
START the city of new haven wants to redevelop/build what sort of structure? END
START in terms of infrastructure, what is being develop in the downtown area? END
START what type of bridge is replacing the old q bridge? END
START in what year did the u.s. supreme court entertain a lawsuit filed by 18 new haven firefighters against the city of new haven? END
START what was the distinguishing issue of the lawsuit over which 18 white firefighters in new haven sought relief from the u.s. supreme court? END
START what was the name of the case in which the u.s. supreme court ruled that the city of new haven had violated the civil rights act of 1964 by denying any firefighter a promotion?  END
START in what year did low scores of black firefighters on a promotion test issued by the new haven fire department ultimately halt promotions for all firefighters of any race in the city? END
START how many of the 18 white firefighters received promotions via district court order to the city of new haven following the u.s. supreme court ruling in favor of the petitioning firefighters? END
START what was the decision from the 2009 supreme court case? END
START the court case was involve between which two parties? END
START what did the city do after the fail test scores for promotions? END
START out of how many of the white fireman got a promotion afterwards? END
START funding was awarded to connecticut in 2010 and 2011 to build what line with a southern terminus in new haven? END
START at what terminal in new haven was the hartford line slated to originate? END
START what location provided the northern terminus for the hartford line? END
START what is the name of the corridor in western massachusetts by which federal authorities sought to improve trip times and the amount of the population served in both new haven and springfield?  END
START in what year was the "knowledge corridor high speed intercity passenger rail" slated for construction? END
START what is the name of the train line that connects connecticut and massachusetts together? END
START where is the starting point of the terminus line in new haven? END
START the purpose of the train line is to connect connecticut and massachusetts to what state north? END
START when does the knowledge corridor line begins it's construction? END
START generally how fast are these trains? END
START in addition to the new haven harbor, what additional natural element is a prominent geographic feature of the area, flanking the northeast and northwest boundaries? END
START which trap rock ridge was altered to accommodate the east-west portion of the wilbur park crossway? END
START what was the name of the group that once utilized west rock as a hideout, known colloquially as "the three judges?" END
START what is the name of the war monument located at the peak of east rock? END
START what is the name for the popular feature that ascends the cliffside of east rock? END
START what is new haven best known for in terms of the main landmark and structure? END
START in terms of economy and geographic landscape what is the used for the two trop rocks ridges north nearby the city? END
START the west rock is also used for what sort of infrastructure? END
START what does the eastern rocks offer as a park on the other hand? END
START by how many rivers is the city of new haven drained? END
START which new haven river releases into west haven harbor? END
START into what local body of water do the mill and quinnipiac rivers discharge?  END
START into what larger waterway do the west haven harbor and new haven harbor recess as embayments? END
START what is the name of the western river in the city of new haven? END
START the eastern river bears the name of the native american tribes that once live in new haven, what is the name? END
START the two eastern rivers meets in which of new haven harbor? END
START these two harbors are part of what estuary? END
START are all of new haven's smaller stream active through all four seasons? END
START though harboring transitive properties, what koppen climate classification does the new haven climate more closely characterize? END
START what season is typically characterized as humid and warm in new haven? END
START what baseline temperature threshold do temperatures normally exceed throughout the summer in new haven? END
START how heavy is the snowfall typically throughout the winter in new haven? END
START new haven's climate is largely analogous to what major adjoining metropolitan area? END
START the new haven's area closesly resemble which type of climate? END
START does summertime gets weather hotter than 90 degrees? END
START due to being a coastal city, how much snow does the city gets? END
START what is the main effects  in new haven's weather due to being a coastal city? END
START on what type of city plan was new haven laid out upon the founding of the area? END
START for what environmental initiative is the city of new haven known, primarily for instituting the first of its kind in america? END
START what was the nickname given to the city of new haven due to an indigenous tree which largely perished in the mid-20th century? END
START what was the cause of the sudden extinction of many of the elms in new haven? END
START what public area in new haven was named a national historic landmark in 1970? END
START what was new haven's nickname? END
START due to the replanting of trees the center of the city is called what? END
START in what year did it became recognize as a landmark? END
START in the original plans of the city, how many city block were designed? END
START because of it's trees new haven is known for being first to implemented what in the us? END
START approximately how many residents make up the population of downtown new haven? END
START what downtown new haven restaurant was cited by the new york times, esquire and wine spectator for its outstanding spanish cuisine? END
START downtown new haven contributes approximately how many jobs to the city? END
START downtown new haven contributes approximately what amount of the overall tax base for the area? END
START how many people live in downtown new haven? END
START in terms of economy the downtown portion is responsible for what? END
START of the downtown area what gets the most positive media coverage? END
START what has help the most with the continuous growth within the area? END
START what area of new haven comprises the area centered around the business district and new haven green? END
START what is the historic water-front neighborhood located in the southern area of new haven? END
START what east-central neighborhood in new haven is home to a large number of italian-americans? END
START what is the name of the neighborhood in new haven that rests between the mill and quinnipiac rivers, and is comprised primarily of an immigrant community? END
START what is the name of the district nearing the harbor of the city? END
START though the green is the popular center of the city, there is another district, what's the name? END
START if you were to go northern part of new haven, what district would you find? END
START between two of it's rivers lies a district with a heavy immigrant population, the name is? END
START wooster square is known for what roots? END
START what sector originally provided the largest contribution to new haven's economy? END
START what entity serves as the largest employer in new haven? END
START what percentage of new haven's economy is based in services grounded in health care and education? END
START what is the second largest employer in new haven? END
START what pharmaceutical company serves as a large employment provider for new haven?  END
START new haven relied on what in terms of growth and economy? END
START was the city the only one that suffer a decline within the manufacturing sector? END
START in modern day how much does new haven depend on blue collar jobs? END
START what institution has largest impact on the city's job market? END
START what fortune 1000 company, also the largest catholic service organization in the world, is based in new haven? END
START what prominent producer of electrical equipment, also a fortune 1000 company, is based in greater new haven?  END
START what publicly traded bank, also the second largest in connecticut, is based in new haven? END
START what is the name of the new haven-based business faction of the infamous skull and bones society? END
START in what year did the southern new england telephone company, formerly the district telephone company of new haven, establish operations in the area?  END
START new haven contains one of largest religious service organization in the world, it's name? END
START within the new haven metropolitan area contain a fortune 1000 company located in orange, the name of the company? END
START what is the name of the second largest bank found in connecticut? END
START as one of the oldest telephone companies, the snet started in what year? END
START in modern day snet operates as what in new haven? END
START how many households are located in new haven according to the 2010 u.s. census bureau report? END
START what percentage of new haven's population is comprised by individuals identifying as white? END
START what percentage of new haven's population is comprised by individuals identifying as african american? END
START what minority sector of the poulation in new haven is currently experiencing rapid growth? END
START what is the total population of new haven as reported by the u.s. census bureau in 2010? END
START in terms of population density, what is the average person per square kilometers in new haven? END
START in regards to it resident, what is the demographic for native americans living in the city?  END
START new haven has a large immigrant population, what seems to be one of the main cause of it throughout the last century? END
START in modern times has the population of white/caucasian increase or decrease since the 70s? END
START what is the most prominent religion in new haven? END
START under what immediate jurisdiction of the catholic church does new haven fall? END
START how many yeshivas are located in new haven? END
START with what religious movement do many puerto ricans in new haven associate? END
START in addition to jews, what other religious community comprises a large share of the non-catholic population of new haven? END
START in terms of religious affiliation, what is the most prevalent religion in the city?  END
START there are several religious group that have seem rise in demographics, one of which is popular among african americans being? END
START however christianity can be found within the city, particularly which neighborhoods? END
START what former u.s. president was born in new haven? END
START what new haven institution did former u.s. president bill clinton and hillary rodham clinton both attend? END
START what former u.s. vice president graduated from yale university? END
START prior to 2008, in what year did the last election occur in which neither major party had an individual on the ticket with a connection to new haven and yale university? END
START who was the president pro tempore of the senate in 1801 that was native to new haven? END
START which former u.s. president have been born in new haven? END
START multiple president have studied at this popular college, you can guess the name of the university? END
START serving in president obama's cabinet, this man has also studied at yale, can you guess who? END
START yale university is heavily affiliate with our presidential candidates since what year? END
START what is the title of the political science book, written by a yale professor, that explores new haven politics and history throughout the 1950's? END
START who is the author of "who governs? democracy an power in an american city" END
START what penultimate work by alexis de tocqueville makes mention of new haven's original theocratic government? END
START to which prominent conservative, that authored god and man at yale, did new haven provide residence in 1951? END
START who is the author of the fifteenth ward and the great society? END
START what is the name of popular book discussing the politics of new haven published in the 50s? END
START what famous french historian mention the city within his book democracy in america? END
START new haven was the home to author that wrote god and man at yale, the writer's name was? END
START what is the name of the book published in 1966 that had focus on the city politics in relations with president johnson's policies? END
START what new haven trial is known to be the longest in the history of connecticut? END
START in what year did the new haven black panther trials take place in new haven? END
START who was the co-founder of the black panthers that was placed on trial in new haven? END
START what day marked the beginning of new haven being overwhelmed by 12,000 individuals protesting the black panther trials?  END
START in what central new haven location did protesters of the black panther trials congregate? END
START what political movement group is known in within city among non whites? END
START how many attended the trials of the black panther in 1970? END
START the protest of trial result in what specifically? END
START the protest also initiate the start of criticizing what presidential administration? END
START what was the name of one of the party's leader that also happen to be on trial? END
START in what year did the u.s. supreme court agree to hear a lawsuit originally filed by 20 white and hispanic firefighters seeking relief from the city of new haven? END
START what was the primary legal issue at the center of the suit filed against new haven by firefighters? END
START in what year did the city of new haven deny all firefighters promotions citing the poor performance of black firefighters on performance tests ? END
START what was the name of the 2009 case in which the u.s. supreme court awarded relief to new haven firefighters against the city of new haven? END
START which supreme court justice was a graduate of yale law school and was currently undergoing the nomination process at the time of the 2009 lawsuit filed by firefighters against the city of new haven?  END
START the 2009 supreme court case which had the city of new haven versus who? END
START what was the date of the final ruling? END
START the actual name for the case was what? END
START the court cast was rather popular due to which person on the case? END
START upon reaching a verdict the summary statement was that city denied the firefighter a promotion because of what? END
START who is the famous comic strip author of doonesbury that attended yale university in new haven? END
START for which long-time new haven resident and former yale student is doonesbury named? END
START what was the charles pillsbury's nickname during college? END
START what is the name of the international law theory, grounded in jurisprudence framed by a sociological normative approach? END
START what sitting connecticut u.s. senator graduated from yale university in new haven? END
START which past u.s. senator had lived in new haven and graduated from yale? END
START the term, the new haven approach was what exactly? END
START what is the name of the green party member that also studied at yale? END
START analysis by what organization detailed that municipality-based rankings may be inaccurate?  END
START what constant in two cities can create disparities in analysis by way of distribution over differing land areas? END
START neighborhoods and blocks, as opposed to municipalities, are both examples of what? END
START what research organization did an city analysis on new haven? END
START the organization stated that analysis should be based on comparison of neighborhoods within the city and not what? END
START according to the institution what leads to inaccurate analysis of the city?   END
START what private university is located in downtown new haven? END
START what community college is located in downtown new haven? END
START what state university is located in new haven? END
START what school serves as the largest employer of new haven? END
START in what year did gateway community college open its newly consolidated downtown campus? END
START where is yale university located. END
START what the name of a state university also located in the city? END
START other than yale, new haven has another private college in the city, it's name? END
START before relocating to downtown area, new haven has a community college that used to be located where? END
START when was the new gateway community college open? END
START what private school, with the notable distinction of being the fifth-oldest educational institution in the u.s., was founded in new haven? END
START in what year was hopkins school founded in new haven? END
START what is the name of the environmental charter school located in new haven? END
START what are the names of the two achievement first charter schools located in new haven? END
START what magnet school in new haven is centered around arts education? END
START as one of the oldest school which was founded in 1660, what is it's name? END
START in terms of schools how old is it historically compare to others? END
START how many charters schools are available in new haven? END
START what scholarship is awarded in new haven by yale university to public school students meeting specified criteria? END
START what is the cumulative gpa necessary for a student to be eligible for the new haven promise scholarship? END
START how many hours of community service must a student perform in order to be eligible for the new haven promise scholarship? END
START what is the minimum attendance rate for a student to be eligible for the new haven promise scholarship? END
START in what year was the new haven promise scholarship initiated?  END
START what is the name of the scholarship is funded by yale? END
START in terms of requirement what sort of service would one needs to fulfilled in order to apply? END
START when did the scholar project begin? END
START currently how many students total have been approve by the program? END
START what distinction was afforded to new haven in 2014 by livability.com? END
START how many zagat-rated restaurants are located in new haven? END
START what city in connecticut has the highest number of zagat-rated restaurants? END
START how many restaurants can be accessed within a two block radius of new haven green? END
START what website gave critical acclaim to new haven for the city's food? END
START how many restaurant are located in the center of new haven's city? END
START there are about how many zagat-rated restaurants located in the city? END
START within the cities there are markets that focus on what sort of cuisines? END
START what dish is commonly considered to be penultimate culinary achievement in new haven? END
START what is the colloquial term afforded to new haven-style pizza? END
START at what new haven establishment did "apizza" make it's inaugural appearance in 1925?  END
START what ingredient is notably absent from a new haven-style pizza when ordered plain? END
START in what section of new haven would one expect to find an outstanding white clam pie pizza on wooster street? END
START new haven, in terms of food is best known for what? END
START where did new haven pizza style originated from? END
START in general what are "apizza" known for? END
START white clam pie is found in what district of new haven? END
START in what year was new haven-style pizza found? END
START what landmark new haven fast food establishment is located on crown street? END
START in what year did louis' lunch begin serving fast food in new haven? END
START who is the founder of louis' lunch in new haven? END
START what body of the federal government credits new haven resident louis lassen with inventing the hamburger and steak sandwich? END
START which new haven resident patented a cast iron stove using grid irons in 1939? END
START louis' lunch is popular for serving what? END
START what specifically how does louis' lunch cooks its' food? END
START when was louis's lunch found? END
START at what cross streets, marking the center of the hospital green of yale - new haven hospital, do food carts congregate on weekdays? END
START what college of yale is located at elm and york streets in new haven?  END
START what school of yale is located nearest the intersection of prospect and sachem streets? END
START what new haven non-profit manages the farmer's markets that service various neighborhoods weekly throughout the area? END
START how many lunch carts are there in yale's campus during lunchtime? END
START who manages new haven's farmers' market? END
START new haven hospital is located at where in hospital green? END
START in addition to yale reparatory theatre, what are two additional major theatre houses located in new haven? END
START what is the name of the student-run group at yale university provides theatrical productions in new haven? END
START what new haven performance venue is hosted by southern connecticut state university? END
START what was the original name of the college street music hall? END
START in what year did the newly renovated college street music hall reopen?  END
START what theater sits on yale's campus? END
START the southern connecticut state university has it own theater as while, it's name? END
START what theater is currently under renovation in the city? END
START what school in new haven is known for it's theater being used by both students and church? END
START yale also has a theater managed by its' own student, then name? END
START at what new haven museum is an original copy of the gutenberg bible housed?  END
START what new haven landmark serves as the nation's oldest college art museum? END
START what new haven museum offers the largest collection of british art available outside of the uk? END
START what museum is located in hamden on whitney street and dedicated to a notable new haven inventor? END
START with what major university are the majority of museums in new haven associated?  END
START which museum feature the original copy of the gutenberg bible? END
START yale claim to have the oldest college art museum in the united states, what is the name of the place? END
START there is a museum on whitney avenue that contain a variety of historical treasure, what is its' name? END
START what is the name of the museum that specifically focus on a single inventor located the city? END
START what is the name of a prominent contemporary art gallery on orange street in new haven? END
START what are two contemporary art galleries located in downtown new haven? END
START in what area of new haven are kehler liddel, jennider jane gallery, and the hungry eye gallery located?  END
START what new haven gallery is housed in the erector square complex located in the fair haven neighborhood?  END
START for what annual new haven art event, held in early october, is the erector square complex used?  END
START what is the name of the art gallery that hosts multiple artist locally and around the world? END
START this gallery contains works of artist such as the hungry eye, what is name of the place? END
START the erector square complex is a gallery that is located where? END
START during which month is the complex particularly active?  END
START what public area in new haven is home to free concerts in the summer? END
START what musical festival was initiated in 1982 in new haven? END
START in what year was the new haven jazz festival cancelled, thereby precluding it from being one of the longest running free outdoor festivals in the u.s.? END
START who sponsors the new haven jazz festival? END
START what is the name for the concerts held on new haven green throughout the month of july? END
START what popular events that place in new haven green area? END
START when did the first jazz festival made it debut? END
START in general how many people attend these music concerts? END
START after being cancel in 2007, what organization currently support new haven jazz festival? END
START to what annual art festival is the city of new haven home? END
START what was the inaugural year of the new haven st. patrick's day parade? END
START in what historic new haven neighborhood does the st. andrew the apostle italian festival take place? END
START what annual festival, celebrated on new haven green, memorializes the new haven's passage into the revolutionary war? END
START in what year did film fest new haven begin? END
START what international event celebrating art is hosted in new haven? END
START as one of the oldest and largest traditions, how long have the city been celebrating saint patrick's day? END
START which event takes place every year in wooster square since the beginning of the 20th century? END
START what organization was responsible for the planting of several cherry blossom trees in 1973? END
START in general how many people attend  the yearly wooster square cheery blossom festival? END
START what is the name of the major daily editorial newspaper for the city of new haven? END
START what is the civic news forum that specifically reports on downtown new haven?  END
START what weekly entertainment print news source for new haven is backed by the register? END
START channel 65 is new haven's home to what pbs affiliate?  END
START what weekly publication in new haven is issued by yale university?  END
START what is the main newspaper company for new haven? END
START the other newspaper, new haven advocate is run by which company? END
START there is newspaper company within the city that runs monthly, it's name ? END
START what is the name of the tabloid that is run by mainly college students? END
START in terms of news and sports does new haven receive television broadcasting from other cities? END
START what nfl team played at the yale bowl from 1973-1974? END
START in what year was the new haven arena demolished? END
START at what currently defunct new haven venues did minor league hockey and baseball teams play throughout the latter half of the 20th century? END
START in what year was yale field established in new haven? END
START the city of new haven has been known for it various sport teams for how long? END
START what famous nfl team played in new haven own stadium in the 70s? END
START the city has couple of sport stadium which one of them was torn down in 20th century? END
START in modern day which of the stadiums have continue to host minor sport leagues? END
START how long has  yale field been open and active? END
START what 1995 mayor of new haven sought to reinvent the area into a northeastern hub of art and culture? END
START what sports complex was shuttered in new haven by the destefano administration in 2002?  END
START what was new haven's last professional sports team? END
START what indoor sporting complex in new haven was constructed by the destefano administration in 1998? END
START what is the approximate seating capacity of the new haven athletic center? END
START who was the mayor for the city in the late 90s? END
START due to the heavy upkeep, destefano decided to close what major infrastructure in the city? END
START when was the last time new haven had a professional sport team? END
START in terms of capacity how big was the new constructed new haven athletic center? END
START in what year did new haven host the special olympic summer world games? END
START what major tennis event take place annually every august in new haven? END
START what is the name of the tennis complex, cited as one of the largest worldwide, located in new haven? END
START what is the nickname of the historic football rivalry between yale and harvard hosted annually in new haven? END
START what year did new haven became a host for the specials olympics? END
START the city also host a large international tennis event, when does it usually take place? END
START "the game" is a special event that focus on what sort of rivalry between the colleges? END
START what is the name of major road race that places within the city? END
START new haven served as home to what two notable 19th century architects? END
START what division of yale university is credited with nurturing the architectural component of new havens economy? END
START who is the notable artist of the beaux-arts school responsible for designing both new haven's union station and new haven public library? END
START in what year did new haven commission the city beautiful plan? END
START who is responsible for designing ingalls rink at yale university in new haven?  END
START new haven is also known for a very notable architecture institution, it's name? END
START who was the architect that design the new haven free public library? END
START what was the name of the building that was feature in america's favorite architecture list of 2007? END
START how many properties in new haven are featured on the national register of historic places?  END
START in 1868, which famous author is reported to have declared new haven's hillhouse avenue to be "the most beautiful street in america?" END
START of the three churches flanking new haven green, which is home to a notorious 17th century crypt? END
START what famous american traitor has a first wife buried in a 17th century crypt in a new haven church flanking new haven green? END
START what structure of yale university, listed on the national register of historic places, holds the distinction of being the oldest building on campus? END
START according to the national register of historic places how many historical sites are there in new haven?  END
START in what year was the famous the new haven green founded? END
START what tourist spot can be found directly underneath the new haven green? END
START yale university also contains a historical site within it campus, the name of it? END
START what structure was ordered to be built in new haven in 1776 to protect the port at the outset of the revolutionary war? END
START in what year was black rock fort captured by the british in new haven and incinerated?  END
START after which revolutionary war hero and new haven native was black rock fort rechristened upon reconstruction in 1807? END
START what two fortifications distinguished the second fort hale built in new haven during the civil war? END
START in what year did the u.s. congress afford connecticut the deed to the site at fort hale in new haven? END
START black rock fort was built in response to what event in the 18th century? END
START the fort was destroy during the fighting only to be rebuilt in what year? END
START why exactly was the fort rename to fort nathan hale? END
START during the civil war, new haven needed to be further fortify incase of another invasion, what structure did the city built? END
START the federal government pass the ownership of the fort to the state of connecticut, what year was this? END
START what cemetery in new haven is situated next to the campus of yale university and has been designated a national historic landmark?  END
START in what architectural style is the gateway of grove street cemetery notably designed?   END
START what beaux arts structure on new haven's chapel street was built on the site believed to formerly feature the home of roger sherman? END
START what former u.s. president is believed to have stayed in new haven at the home of roger sherman? END
START which notable new haven resident inventor, credited with the cotton gin, is buried in grove street cemetery? END
START what is the name of the historical site that site next to yale's campus? END
START what is grove street cemetery famously known for? END
START roger sherman once lived in chapel street, in modern day what is the name building that sit in its' place? END
START george washington once paid visit to sherman's house, what year was this? END
START throughout the roaring twenties, what public beach in new haven was a favored destination for tourists? END
START which famed professional baseball player is known to have visited at lighthouse point park in new haven during the 1920's? END
START what notable new haven attraction constructed in 1847 was located at lighthouse point park? END
START in what year was new haven's lighthouse point carousel constructed?  END
START in what year was five mile point lighthouse decommissioned upon construction of southwest ledge lighthouse?  END
START what popular tourist site was particularly active during the 20s? END
START in 1847, a new landmark was constructed at the park, what exactly was it? END
START after 1877 another lighthouse was build to replace file mile point, what was its' name? END
START is southwest ledge light still active today? END
START how many amtrak lines service union station? END
START which transit lines out of union station are ranked as the busiest routes in the u.s.? END
START which transit line out of union station provides service to hartford and springfield, massachusetts? END
START with what airline does amtrak codeshare for transit to newark airport that originates or terminates at union station? END
START which transit line out of union station provides service between vermont and washington d.c.? END
START what is the name of the train station within new haven? END
START the train line that connects connecticut, massachusetts and vermont together is known as what? END
START in additions, the train line is also connected with which airline services? END
START what form of public transportation preceded the current new haven division bus routes? END
START what decade ushered in the operation of horse-drawn carriages in new haven?  END
START what advancement was made to new haven trolley lines in the mid 1890's? END
START what mode of public transportation in new haven phased out the trolley service in the 1920's and 1930's? END
START in what year was the final trolley route in new haven converted to a bus line?  END
START buses in new haven uses what kind of route for their service? END
START before 20th century, what was the form of public transportation in the city? END
START in what year were trolleys finally replaced completely by buses? END
START what further ideas for public transportation is the city currently considering? END
START what rail trail is slated to run between downtown new haven and northampton, massachusetts?  END
START what historic trail does the farmington canal trail follow?  END
START what canal lies adjacent to the historic new haven and northamption company trail? END
START what proposed bike path, projected connect every major city on the eastern seaboard, is part of the farmington canal trail? END
START what is the name of the trail that runs from to new haven all the way to eastern massachusetts? END
START part of the rail trail is also accessible by what form of transportation?  END
START segments of the farmington canal is also part of which bicycle trail? END
START in terms of length, how long is the east coast greenway trail if it stretches from maine to florida? END
START in what year did orange street receive the first bike lane in new haven? END
START for which new haven neighborhood did the orange street bike lane provide a connection to downtown?  END
START in addition to orange street, what is a bike route recommended for use by the city of new haven? END
START in what year were bike lanes added on dixwell avenue and howard avenue?  END
START when was the first bicycle lane created in new haven?  END
START the lane stretch from east rock park to what part of the city? END
START what year did new haven finally integrated bike lanes to most of the city? END
START how is it possible to located the direction of bike lanes within the city? END
START what major interstate provides access between new haven and new york city? END
START what major interstate in new haven provides access northward into massachusetts, vermont, and eventually reaches the canadian border? END
START over which new haven river does 1-95 cross on the east side? END
START what is the nickname given to the pearl harbor memorial?  END
START which new haven interstate is less congested throughout times designated as peak travel? END
START new haven is adjacent to what part of the national highway? END
START which of the nearby highway would take you north to massachusetts? END
START interstate 95 is also infamous for what exactly? END
START what river crosses path with i-95? END
START is i-91 similar to i-95 in terms of bad traffic? END
START what downtown new haven expressway spur intersects at exit 1 of 1-91? END
START what is another name for connecticut route 15, which provides an alternate route from traveling on 1-95/1/91? END
START what thoroughfare in new haven features the only highway tunnel in connecticut? END
START what is the name of the highway tunnel on route 15 in new haven?  END
START through what neighborhood in new haven does route 15 run?  END
START oak street connect crosses which interstate highway? END
START connecticut route 15 is next to which highway? END
START what is the name of the only highway tunnel in connecticut? END
START what east-west artery in new haven serves union station?  END
START what road leading northwest from downtown new haven comprises both route 10 and route 63 at various points? END
START what two major thoroughfares lie to the north of new haven towards hamden?  END
START what northeast avenue in new haven is signed as route 17? END
START what western road provides access from new haven to the city of derby? END
START where does u.s. route 1 runs in terms of direction within the city? END
START what is the name of the route that heads north of downtown? END
START what city does the western route 34 leads to? END
START what is another surface arteries that is located west of downtown new haven? END
START in what harbor is the port of new haven located? END
START how many trucks does the port of new haven have the daily capacity to load? END
START in addition to ground service, what other function is available at the port of new haven for offloading truck cargo? END
START approximately how many square feet of interior storage is available at the port of new haven? END
START approximately how many acres of outside storage does the port of new haven offer? END
START the name of new haven harbor? END
START in terms of scale how big is the harbor? END
START how many forklift are available for use in it everyday production? END
START how many transport vehicle can the harbor actually hold? END
START how many major medical centers are located in downtown new haven? END
START what overarching new haven medical center is the smilow cancer hospital a part of? END
START what hospital in new haven provides notable cardiac emergency care?  END
START how many pavilions comprise yale -- new haven hospital? END
START what is the mental health facility is located in new haven? END
START how many pavilion are part of new haven hospital? END
START what hospital is located nearby a working class district within the city? END
START what is the hospital located north of new haven in meriden? END
START what is the name of the well known hospital specializes in young children patients? END
START what nearby city would you go to for war related injuries? END
START yale and new haven are conjointly attempting to build the area into a research hub for what two industries? END
START what large site is run by yale, in conjunction with new haven and the state, situated three blocks away from yale's science hill campus? END
START to what corporation did the multi-block site comprising science park formerly belong? END
START in addition to yale employees and financial services, companies in what industry can currently be found in the functioning areas science park? END
START what is the name of the collaborated project between yale university, connecticut and new haven city?  END
START the area of science park was originally filled with what? END
START although some of the science park area is used by multiple institutions and groups, what remains left over winchester's and olin company? END
START on the median strip of what road is new haven planning to create a secondary biotechnology district? END
START what was originally slated to be built at the site of the proposed area for the secondary biotechnology district? END
START what major pharmaceutical company is currently operating a drug clinic in new haven within the new biotechnology corridor? END
START what is the former snet building in new haven currently being converted for in the effort of attracting new medical or biotechnology firms? END
START where will the second planned biotechnology district located? END
START what was the former name of the place now serving as a biotech building on 300 george street? END
START when was the opening of first building in the second biotech district? END
START what static inverter plant lies near new haven?  END
START how many purecell model 400 fuel cells can be found in new haven? END
START how much money is each purecell model 400 fuel cell projected to save the city of new haven in energy costs over the course of a decade? END
START what company provided new haven with the fuel cells currently in place throughout the city?  END
START the cross sound cable company has what sort of structure located near new haven? END
START how many model 400 fuel cell lies within new haven? END
START what was the former name of the company that provided the fuel cells to the city? END
START in terms of budget, what is the estimated savings from using the fuel cell system? END
START at what former lodging facility in new haven were scenes from the 1950's classic, all about eve, filmed? END
START what fred astaire film depicts the reported history of new haven theaters as "tryouts" for broadway? END
START what spielberg movie provided a fictional account of the slave ship mutiny trials that took place in new haven? END
START what movie produced in 2000 investigated conspiracy theories surrounding the notorious skull and bone society in new haven?  END
START what is currently located at the site of the old taft hotel in new haven? END
START what was the name of the movie that once film in the corner of college and chapel streets? END
START the fim amistad uses references to new haven in the movie, who was the director of amistad? END
START new haven was feature in what movie regarding secret society and conspiracy theories?  END
START what 2003 movie featuring julia roberts was filmed in new haven? END
START what spielberg franchise was filmed in new haven in 2008? END
START what year were the streets of downtown new haven redesigned to resemble for the filming of the crystal skull? END
START how many new haven locals were cast as extras throughout filming of the crystal skull? END
START in what new haven landmark was the 2009 robert de niro movie, everybody's fine, filmed? END
START what was the name of popular movie film in new haven featuring julia roberts? END
START the recent indiana jones movie feature how many of the local citizen in film? END
START union station was as a part of a set on a film, what was the name of the movie? END
START in what fitzgerald classic does the fictional protagonist make repeated references to new haven? END
START who is the fictional yale university alumnus, and ostensible former resident of new haven, featured on the simpsons?  END
START what fictional new haven resident is featured in the novella, the odd saga of the american and a curious iceland flock? END
START at what new haven university is the gilmore girls hypothetically set, at least in part?  END
START the city of new haven was often referenced several time by a character in a very popular novel which name was? END
START the simpson has a character that was set to graduated from yale university, can you guess his name? END
START what relations does the television show gilmore girls have to new haven city? END
START what infamous doors frontman was once arrested in new haven? END
START at what venue was jim morrison arrested in new haven? END
START what morrison song pays homage to his new haven arrest while mentioning the town by name? END
START what 1991 film depicts the 1979 morrison arrest in new haven? END
START a popular 70s rock band group once played in new haven, which result in an accident with one of it member, the man name was? END
START what was the song sung that lead to the arrest of morrison? END
START the event in 1967 later lead to inspiration of what movie in 1991?  END
START the movie the doors however did not film at new haven, instead where did they film the reenactment?  END
START when did stadtrepublik become a part of alsace? END
START what years did germany hold possession over lorrain-alscace? END
START which other country had control over alsace? END
START how many times did germany and france switched and had control of alscace? END
START when did the holy roman empire begin? END
START when was lorraine voted into alsace? END
START what was the former duchy of alsace? END
START how many times did germany and the holy roman empire exchange lorraine? END
START what is another name for alsace? END
START which three territories make up the upper rhine? END
START who forced christianity upon the alsace people? END
START what occurred at the treaty of verdun? END
START in what year did lothar past away? END
START what languages were common in the roman empire? END
START when did the alemanni conquer the franks? END
START who did alemanni ally with to defeat clovis? END
START who was the leader of the franks? END
START when was lothar i born? END
START what was considered a common practice in during the holy roman empire? END
START under who's rule did alsace thrive under? END
START was was the name given to the alsace provincinal court? END
START what was the name of the route that linked germany,switzerland , netherlands, and england END
START which other two cities also started to grow economically? END
START what emperors were responsible for the increased fragmentation? END
START during which century did frederick i make alsace a province? END
START what noble class ruled alsace? END
START what was the name of the central administration at hagenau? END
START who questioned the authority of count rudolf? END
START about when did alsace lose its prosperity? END
START why did alsace decline has a prospering territory? END
START which group of people were wrongly blamed for all the disasters that struck the region? END
START what were the jewish people accused of in alsace? END
START when did the rhine rift earthquake occur? END
START during what year were jews blamed for the poor harvest? END
START what administration brought ruin to alsace at the end of the 14th century? END
START when was the basel rebuilt? END
START what earthquake occured in 1336? END
START who was aquitted of guilt for the rhine rift earthquake? END
START what were the names of the first two rivers france aggressively went to while expanding eastward? END
START the french proposed a marriage between which two people? END
START what was the name of the period when france was crushed military? END
START in what year did the french reach alsace? END
START who was western europe giving up their land to? END
START what rivers did italy reach first? END
START who was successfully wed in 1299? END
START when was alsace charted by the counts? END
START when did the french reach the rhine? END
START in what year was upper alsace sold to the archduke sigismund? END
START why did frederick iii use a tax and a marriage in upper alsace? END
START when did mulhouse join the swiss confederation? END
START what did charles the bold sell to archduke sigismund? END
START when did frederick iii become the holy emperor? END
START what is the name of one of the free towns? END
START what did the town of mulhouse join in 1798? END
START when did belfort join the swiss confederation? END
START when did strasbourg accept protestantism? END
START who was known as a reformer in strasbourg? END
START what were the names given for the two groups that heavily dominated alsace during this time? END
START when was martin bucer born? END
START when did strasbourg convert to catholicism? END
START what is southwest of mompelgard? END
START what famous reformer was from mompelgard? END
START what was alsace's predominant religion? END
START when did the habsburgs  sell the sundgau territory to france? END
START how much did france pay for sundgau? END
START in 1685 edict fontainebleau by way of the french king ordered what to be done? END
START when did the spanish conquer alsace? END
START how much did the habsburgs buy sundgau for? END
START when was the university of strasbourg founded? END
START what was the name of the treaty between the french and the germans? END
START when was strasbourg cathedral built? END
START in what year did the division of alsace take place? END
START which song was played for the first time in strasbourg that would later become the french national anthem? END
START who led the armies of the french republic in vendee and westermann? END
START what department was rouget de lisle part of? END
START what song did philippe-frederic de dietrich compose? END
START what was the name of the city administrator that had to flee in july 1789? END
START who led the crowd of people storming strasburg city? END
START where did rouget de lisle lead the french republic armies to victory? END
START which two countries sought to crush the nascent republic? END
START what had happened to most of the people who fled sungau during the war when they were allowed to return home? END
START what was the name of the poem by goethe? END
START who was sympathetic to the jacobins? END
START where did the austrian and prussian armies make pilgrimages to? END
START when was the french revolutionary army victorious? END
START when was hermann and dorothea published? END
START how many residents made pilgrimages? END
START what was the population of alsace in 1846? END
START what were the reasons for people to begin leaving alsace? END
START between what years did alatians begin to sail towards the united states? END
START what was the population of paris in 1846? END
START when did baron haussmann move to paris? END
START what famous alsatian member lived in russia? END
START what was the name of the ship that brought alsatians to the us in 1820? END
START what were the settlers in canada known for? END
START what was the population of alsace in 1790? END
START jews were banned from cities in alsace, where were they forced to settle? END
START in 1791 jews were granted what by the french? END
START which country was alsace merged into during  1871-1918 END
START who decreased antisemitism in 1806? END
START what was the jewish population in 1831? END
START what percentage of the population was anti-jewish in 1790? END
START who did alsace separate from in 1871? END
START what was the primary job of rabbis? END
START which country defeated the french in 1871? END
START the end of the war led to which companies unification? END
START who annexed alsace to the new german empire in 1871? END
START what war did prussia start in 1870? END
START who allied with france against germany? END
START what was the population of lorraine? END
START who granted alsace-lorraine autonomy in 1911? END
START what did elsssisches fahnenlied mean in french? END
START what did aslations do to avoid conflict amongst themselves during the first world war? END
START who was the mayor that proclaimed independence from the german empire for  alsace-lorraine? END
START who entered alsace just two weeks after they declared independence?  END
START what was the name of the treaty that allowed germany to ceded the land to france? END
START during what war were alsatians primarily ground units? END
START what was the name of the kaiser in 1918? END
START how long did it take the us to enter alsace? END
START who was in charge of the league of nations? END
START what treaty gave alsace to germany? END
START what year was alsace-lorraine occupied by germany? END
START approximately how many alsace and lorraine men were forced into the german army during world war ii? END
START which group of people were released by the russians to algiers? END
START when did germany officially annex alsace? END
START baden and saarland were merged to form what? END
START how many men from alsace alone were conscripted into the german army? END
START 130,000 men were involved in what massacre? END
START how many soldiers managed to join the resistance? END
START which conservative leader in 2007 received the best score during the second round of elections? END
START who is the president of the regional counsel? END
START alsace was one of the few to vote for this measure from france, what was it? END
START what was philippe richert's score in alsace? END
START what constitution was voted on in 2010? END
START what was one of the few regions to vote against the european constitution? END
START alsace is anti- what? END
START who was elected head of the alsace regional council in 2007? END
START which group or religion dominates the aslatian population? END
START which other large religion also exist in alsace due to the once german presence? END
START what is the name of the union created by france's second largest protestant church? END
START what is the name of the second largest roman catholic church? END
START when was the calvinist epral formed? END
START what religious faith does not get public subsidies? END
START when did alsace split from imperial germany? END
START what did germany enact in 1905? END
START what were landowners also known as that had a right to decide which religion was allowed on their property? END
START which groups or religions were greatly accepted in alsace? END
START which group did louis xiv tried push out of alsace? END
START when did the anabaptists split? END
START who tried to remove jews from alsace? END
START what was napoleon's primary religion? END
START what was the name of the amish reformer? END
START what edict by louis xiv caused many to move to the us? END
START what is the name of the historical flag of alsace? END
START what was the german flag that was similar to the rot-un-wiss replaced by? END
START what does the "union jack-like" flag represent? END
START which french city did not recognize the rot-un-wiss flag? END
START who created the union-jack-like flag? END
START the union jack flag represented the union of what two departments? END
START who has not recognized the union-jack-like flag? END
START what flag has french origins? END
START when did protests against the super-region occur? END
START around when did the annexation of alsace occur? END
START with education reforms in the 19th century what did this lead to in alsace? END
START what is now the german dialects of speech now referred as to? END
START when did french become the most common language? END
START when did germany annex alsace? END
START when did writing french in the middle class fall out of fashion? END
START standard germany became policy during what revolution? END
START what helped german literacy in the 19th century? END
START between what time period did the reannexation of germany occur? END
START what were french families forced to do during the german reannexation? END
START when did the suspension of german teaching in  schools happen? END
START when did teaching german cease to be an issue? END
START what did the french government force french family names to become? END
START 1927 made what the language of education? END
START what did the french do contrary to their typical language policy? END
START what years did the francization campaign run? END
START what was the name of the memorandum that allowed german teaching in alsace schools to become more official? END
START what is the name of the memorandum that past on june 21, 1982? END
START what did the circulair savary introduce? END
START when was the vice-chancellor elected? END
START how long did it take to introduce the circulair savary? END
START who wrote the circulaire savary? END
START what was implemented with strict expectations? END
START what was another name for the vice-chancellor of the academie? END
START which two dialects were banned from public life? END
START what did the banning of the two dialects  include? END
START although aslation is rarely used today, which region still uses their mother language of aslation? END
START what other language besides french and german are part of the aslation-french dialect of today? END
START which language is currently banned? END
START what is the name of the region where yiddish is primarily spoken? END
START what area is primarily standard german in culture? END
START most young people speak what form of german? END
START what is yiddish primarily influenced by? END
START what does the french constitution state for the language in aslace? END
START how many adult speakers speak alsatian according the 1999 insee survey? END
START with alsatian language on the decline, what is the ration of children using the language regularly today? END
START what states that alsatian is the official language? END
START how many adult speakers of occitan are there? END
START what percentage of adults could not speak alsatian in 1999? END
START how many children speak french? END
START there are 548,000 child speakers of what language? END
START in alsatian, what does sauerkraut mean? END
START what can sauerkraut be served with? END
START what is sauerkraut typically served with in alsace? END
START what word does choucroute come from? END
START what dialect is the alsatian word for sauerkraut different from? END
START what meats is sauerkraut not served alongside of? END
START what does choucroute mean? END
START pork products are left to ferment in what? END
START what is the meaning of the name aslatia in english? END
START what was the meaning or term used for aslace that was used by english people in the 20th century? END
START which nationalities still refer it to alslace "ramshackle marketplace" as of 2007? END
START what is lord justice sedley's nationality? END
START who coined the word "alsatia"? END
START alsatia is the english form of what? END
START when did the use of the word alsatia fall out of practice? END
START what does umbs stand for? END
START what is currently being planed west of strasbourg?  END
START what would the use of a new carriageway do in alsace? END
START what is the name the german highway  that would of been crossed with the french truck road? END
START the new line is (carriageway) would link which other intersections? END
START what plans have been canceled? END
START the dual carriageway would link what interchange to the left of the rhine? END
START what is the name of the new carriageway? END
START what percentage of traffic used the karlsruhe-basel autobahn? END
START how many vehicles crossed teh karlsruhe-basel autobahn per day in 1950? END
START what's the name of the christian festive season that occurs before the season of lent? END
START when do the main events of the christian festival occur? END
START who is the carnival open to? END
START what do participants of the carnival experience a heightened sense of? END
START what is consumed in excessive amounts during lent? END
START the term carnival is very common in areas with a large presence of which religious sect? END
START what country no longer celebrates carnival? END
START the manila carnival was dissolved after what year? END
START what is the carnival known as in countries which are mostly lutheran? END
START what is the name of the festival celebrated in eastern orthodox nations during the last week before great lent? END
START why was the carnival feast typically the last opportunity to eat well? END
START what was one limited to during the winter? END
START what does "vastenavond" mean? END
START why would all the remaining stores of lard, butter and meat left at vastenavond be eaten? END
START when would new food sources be available for those who survived the winter? END
START what did a bunch of germanic tribes celebrate? END
START how was the ship carrying a predominant deity moved around during the jubilee? END
START why was the winter driven out? END
START what is nerthus the goddess of? END
START how would the marriage of a man and woman on the ship serve as a fertility ritual? END
START who wrote the germania? END
START what do the germans feel it inconsistent to confine gods within? END
START germans do not liken the gods to whose countenance? END
START when is the car used in the ritual purified?  END
START where is the divinity herself purified?  END
START what desires were expected to be suppressed during the fasting period? END
START all rich food and drink were consumed before what named event? END
START the giant celebration that involved the whole community is thought to be the origin of what festivity? END
START how long is the lenten period of the liturgical calendar? END
START what type of rich foods did people refrain from eating during lent? END
START what was one of the festivals sanctioned by the church? END
START carnival was also a result of what area's folk culture? END
START how many days is jesus traditionally said to have fasted in the desert? END
START what pagan midwinter festival did the church find easier to subvert than eliminate? END
START why were multiple holidays seized by the catholic population? END
START in what year did the synod in leptines rant against the excesses of the festival? END
START in what month did the excesses occur? END
START what type of books from around 800 contain more information of people's traditions during this period? END
START what was it a sin with no small penance to dress up as? END
START what would some people in spain go out disguised as? END
START many carnival traditions form an integral part of whose calendar? END
START what two ancient roman festivals is carnival thought to stem from? END
START the saturnalia is potentially based on what greek festival? END
START on which month and day did saturnalia start? END
START what happened to the men and women chosen to represent the lord of misrule? END
START what is insufficient to establish a direct origin from ancient festivals to carnival? END
START what festival did no complete accounts describing survive? END
START how do both jesus and king carnival make a gift to the people? END
START what is the gift of king carnival? END
START who was forced to race naked through the streets of rom by pope paul ii? END
START where were some of the best-known traditions first recorded? END
START what city's carnival was the most famous for a long time? END
START what was the first place in north america with a carnival tradition? END
START what were rabbis from the ghettos forced to march through the city streets wearing? END
START who dismissed the petition of the jewish community to stop the abuse of them? END
START what nationality were the settlers from who introduced carnival? END
START how many of the inhabited islands is carnival celebrated on? END
START what do groups in mindelo challenge each other for? END
START three groups in so nicolau make use of fire in the construction of what conveyance?  END
START over how many days is so nicolau's carnival celebrated?  END
START what is the only state in india in which carnival is celebrated? END
START what does the indian word "intruz" mean? END
START the largest carnival celebration takes place in which city? END
START what is eaten on fat tuesday to partake in the celebration? END
START what legendary king eventually takes over the state? END
START whose carnival is known local as cwarm? END
START despite being located in east belgium, malmedy's carnival harks purely to what area? END
START how many days does malmedy's festival take place before shrove tuesday? END
START where can all the traditional costumes be seen parading on the sunday of the festival? END
START what do disguised people pass through during the festival? END
START what do some belgian cities hold during lent? END
START what carnival takes place on laetare sunday? END
START what group of participants attack bystanders with confetti and dried pig bladders? END
START what day does the town of halle engage in its celebration? END
START what's the name of belgium's oldest parade?  END
START many towns in what region of croatia observe the carnival period? END
START what does every kvarner town burn just before the end of the carnival? END
START who is blamed for all the strife of the previous year? END
START what does the head regalia of the bell-ringers represent? END
START what is the traditional carnival food? END
START how long has carnival been celebrated? END
START under whose rule was carnival established in the 16th century? END
START dionysus was a deity in whose tradition?  END
START in what century did the carnival become an organized event? END
START what city almost exclusively celebrates the carnival? END
START how many parades take place during carnival? END
START who rides through the city on a carriage? END
START which of the festivals is comprised of participants who are mainly children? END
START what do people walk along the town's longest avenue in? END
START who are the last two parades open for participation by? END
START where did students in norway originally see the celebrations? END
START where did the artist federation hold their annual balls? END
START who composed the song "karneval in paris"? END
START what organization has produced annual masquerade balls in oslo since 1988? END
START when do the processions occur after? END
START which carnival is held in germany's west? END
START cologne carnival is one of the largest carnivals and also is the most what? END
START what is colloquially known as old women day? END
START who revolted in 1824? END
START what are the women who stormy city halls allowed to do to any passing man? END
START what is the greece carnival also called? END
START what does the opening of the triodion derive from? END
START what is one of the festival season's high points? END
START what types of dinners do people enjoy during the season's high point? END
START what do people engage in after they've disguised themselves? END
START who holds an annual phallus festival? END
START what are the giant, gaudily painted effigies of phalluses made of? END
START what are women rewarded with for kissing the giant phalluses? END
START what is the ancient celebration for? END
START in what square do the bands all play at once? END
START in what provinces is the carnival mainly celebrated in the netherlands? END
START dutch carnaval is celebrated until which wednesday? END
START what vary from town to town in regards to the carnival? END
START what is consumed on ash wednesday? END
START what is dutch for "peasant wedding"? END
START how long has the strumica carnival been going on? END
START what nationality was evlija chelebija? END
START who ran from house to house, laughing, screaming, and singing? END
START what day is the main carnival night observed on? END
START what year was the festival of caricatures and aphorisms added to strumica's carnival celebrations? END
START what countryside has multiple groups and individuals in disguise? END
START kurent is monstrous and demon-like, but also what? END
START where is the most significant slovenian festival held? END
START who are magical creatures from another world? END
START what do the kurents try to banish? END
START the chirigotas, choirs and comparsas are the most famous of what? END
START what do the chirigotas sing about? END
START how long does it take for a chirigota to prepare their costume? END
START which group rides around in open carts through the streets? END
START who has the most elaborated polyphony? END
START where do people dress in masks and costume? END
START what are raced as part of the festivities?  END
START what is cantalonian for eternal prince of cuckoldry? END
START who has a lovely breast? END
START who is upon the bed? END
START when may conventional social rules be broken? END
START who oversees the period of reckless behavior? END
START what is the ritual procession through the town to call everyone to attendance called? END
START fat thursday is also known as what day? END
START who is typically burned on a pyre? END
START what city's carnival has documented history from 1790? END
START what do the vilanovins mock the media friendly carnivals as being about? END
START in what dance do the participants lob more than 75 tons of hard candy at each other? END
START what do dancers lampoon in the ritual heralding the coming of king carnival? END
START what's the name of the day-long agenda of eating and fighting with meringue? END
START what sort of battle do the adults have at midnight? END
START who throws insults at the crowd? END
START what behavior scandalizes the town? END
START who creates sparks and explosions? END
START who is the children's king? END
START what do people dress in for the king's funeral? END
START who carries floral arrangements of penis-like veggies? END
START who weeps around the body of the king? END
START what type of eulogy is provided for the king? END
START what ritual suggests symbolic cannibalism? END
START what is one of the longest free events in the streets? END
START how long can the nightly concerts run for? END
START what was a donkey hung from according to local legend? END
START how does the donkey piss on the crowd below? END
START what does "matarrucs" mean? END
START who has one of the most complete ritual agendas? END
START what do the events of tarragona start with? END
START on what day does the main parade take place? END
START what are the clothing of the carnival groups full of? END
START about how many people are members of the various parade groups? END
START what contagiously throbs during the week of events? END
START how long does aruba's biggest celebration last? END
START what type of costumes play a central role in the queen elections? END
START what continues in various districts throughout the month of the carnival? END
START when is king mom symbolically burnt? END
START what is the carnival known as in barbados? END
START where did the festival in barbados originate from? END
START what year did crop over begin? END
START what activity is done using a greased pole? END
START what is the finale of crop over called? END
START what type of competition is a major feature of the festival? END
START where did calypso music originate? END
START who perform biting social commentaries? END
START what do the musical groups compete for? END
START what is the climax of the festival called? END
START what's the name of the vehicle where the musicians play? END
START what do devotees follow during a particular religious celebration? END
START who are usually included the group comparsa? END
START what is used in some of the festive fights? END
START what is the goal of the carnival painters? END
START what year did the carnival start in haiti? END
START what event precipitated the carnival starting in haiti? END
START what is the carnival known as in the creole language? END
START what type of bands play for dancers in the streets? END
START what type of annual competition takes place during kanavel? END
START when does  dirty mas take place on the monday before ash wednesday? END
START what do the costumes worn by the revelers pun about? END
START what is "clean mud"? END
START what are "jab-jabs"? END
START how are the king and queen of j'ouvert chosen? END
START on what day is full costume worn? END
START what is usually worn on the feet to compliment the costumes? END
START what does each band base their costume presentation on? END
START what do the mas bands eventually converge on? END
START who gets to be crowned road march king or queen? END
START about how many cities and towns in mexico is carnival celebrated in? END
START what contributes to the variations of the celebrations in the rural areas? END
START where do people take part in mock combat with blank shooting rifles? END
START what is the mock combat roughly based on? END
START morelos, oaxaca, tlaxcala and chiapas are important states which also have their own what? END
START what does mardi gras translate to in french? END
START where was mardi gras first celebrated? END
START what originated in the onetime french colonial capitals? END
START what has been part of the celebrations for many years? END
START washington, d.c. and galveston, texas are some major american cities which have what? END
START which borough of new york city is carnival celebrated in? END
START what american holiday is carnival celebrated on? END
START what country has one of the largest caribbean carnivals? END
START over how many people typically attend new york's version of the carnival? END
START what neighborhood as the privilege of bearing the brunt of the festivities? END
START which carnival in argentina is the most representative of the nature of the carnival? END
START what city in the east of entre rios province is considered the most important one for the carnival? END
START what kind of tradition does the city of corrientes have? END
START what is chamame? END
START where is carnival celebrated?  END
START which carnival takes place in oruro in bolivia? END
START who is the miners' patron saint? END
START over how many parade groups participate in the festivities?  END
START how many hours a day does the parade run? END
START what does the tropical weather on the east side of bolivia allow? END
START how many members do samba schools have? END
START how much does a samba costume typically run an average tourist to buy? END
START what's the name for small, somewhat random groups of people with a definite theme in their samba? END
START about how many samba schools are in rio? END
START how much money in us dollars did the carnival industry make in 2012? END
START where did the carnival gestate out of the purview of rules? END
START the uninterrupted celebration of carnival festivals in barranquilla is now recognized as what? END
START how many days does the non-stop festival go? END
START who rejected attempts to introduce the carnival in bogot? END
START where are the most famed carnival festivities? END
START what are the festivities known as in ambato? END
START where has a celebration recently gained acclaim? END
START what is there a large population of in the chota valley? END
START what music is the carnival celebrated with in the chota valley? END
START what is a tradition unique to the creole people? END
START why are touloulous given free condoms? END
START what do men have to do to be allowed into the balls? END
START what are the touloulous' dance partners not allowed to do? END
START why do the women drink through a straw?  END
START what does the peruvian carnival incorporate elements of? END
START why are the festivals in peru held when they are? END
START when did the festivities acquire their violent tendencies? END
START what is an element of peruvian's carnival not found in any other country's celebrations? END
START how many years in prison can someone expect for being violent during the fun and games? END
START how many days does the carnival in uruguay last for? END
START what parade style does uruguay's festival ape? END
START what were the stylistic elements of the parade imported with in colonial times? END
START what are the main attractions of the uruguayan carnival? END
START what is summoned by the desfile de llamadas parade? END
START what are built in many places through the cities? END
START what do the different carnival groups perform together? END
START what do the topics of the shows put on at the tablados typically relate to? END
START what type of rhythmic figures are performed by the drummers playing the tamboril? END
START what sort of touch do the vedettes provide to the parades? END
START what individuals subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for professing believers? END
START soul competency (liberty), salvation through faith alone, scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation what examples of what? END
START what two ministerial offices do baptists recognize? END
START baptist churches are widely considered to be what? END
START what individuals subscribe to a doctrine that baptism should be performed only for non-believers? END
START what two ministerial offices do baptists no longer recognize? END
START baptist churches are rarely considered to be what? END
START which group never visits protestant churches? END
START what church includes salvation through faith and reason? END
START when was the earliest church labeled "baptist" traced to? END
START where was the earliest church labeled "baptist" traced to? END
START who was the pastor of the earliest church labeled "baptist"? END
START who believed christ's atonement only extended to the elect? END
START when did roger williams established the first baptist congregation in the north american colonies? END
START when was the earliest church labeled "christian" traced to? END
START where was the earliest church labeled "christian" traced to? END
START who was the pastor of the earliest church labeled "christian"? END
START who believed christ's atonement extended to all of life? END
START when did roger williams establish the first baptist congregation in south america? END
START who outlined the four main views of baptist origins? END
START baptist origins were viewed as an outgrowth of what? END
START what does the perpetuity view assume? END
START what does the successionist view assume? END
START who outlined the three main views of baptist origins? END
START baptist origins were viewed as an extension of what? END
START what view argues that baptist churches existed in a broken chain since the time of christ? END
START what movement traces its origin to the 16th century via the english separatists? END
START modern baptist churches trace their history to what movement? END
START adherents to this position consider the influence of anabaptists upon early baptists to be what? END
START modern baptist churches trace their history to the english separatist movement in the century after the rise of what? END
START modern christian churches trace their history to what movement? END
START the view of what origins has little historical support? END
START who was never willing to give up their theological roots? END
START who was convinced there was no biblical "truth"? END
START when did the church of england separate from the roman catholic church? END
START who separated from the roman catholic church during the protestant reformation? END
START during the protestant reformation, the church of england (anglicans) separated from who? END
START puritans are described by gourley as what? END
START others decided they must leave the church because of their dissatisfaction and became known as what? END
START when did the church of england merge with the roman catholic church? END
START who merged with the roman catholic church during the protestant reformation? END
START who was described by gourley as brothers of the english separatists? END
START which group was never disappointed in the church of england? END
START historians trace the earliest baptist church back to when? END
START historians trace the earliest baptist church back to where? END
START who was the pastor of the earliest baptist church? END
START john smyth broke his ties with what church? END
START where did john smyth go into exile? END
START who was the pastor of the earliest christian church? END
START where was the first christian church with john smyth as the pastor located? END
START in what year did smyth baptize himself for the second time? END
START where did john smyth retire? END
START historians trace the oldest protestant church to where? END
START smyth wrote a tract titled what? END
START what was his first proposition? END
START what was his second proposition? END
START smyth believed a scriptural church should consist only of regenerate believers who have been what? END
START what is paedobaptism? END
START smyth read a tract titled what? END
START who proposed all infants to be baptized? END
START in what year did smyth join the chuch with thomas helwys? END
START which movement think infants should never be baptized? END
START who thought their self-baptism was invalid? END
START smyth applied for membership with who? END
START what is an outgrowth of smyth's movement? END
START what name did baptists reject? END
START who wrote that baptists referred to themselves as "the christians commonlythough falselycalled anabaptists?" END
START who thought their self-baptism was valid? END
START smyth was denied membership with who? END
START what name did baptist change to? END
START who died after becoming a member of the mennonites? END
START who lost their baptist commitments? END
START when did john spilsbury promote the strict practice of immersion? END
START who promoted strict immersion baptism? END
START tom nettles was a professor at what seminary? END
START what was tom nettles a professor of? END
START when did john spilsbury create the strict practice of immersion? END
START who destroyed strict immersion baptism? END
START tom nettles was a student at what seminary? END
START what was tom nettles a student of? END
START who was thought to be influenced by continental anabaptists? END
START early seventeenth-century baptists were thought to be influenced by who? END
START general baptists shared similarities with who? END
START who are two representative writers? END
START what were the dutch waterlander mennonites? END
START who was thought to be controlled by continental anabaptists? END
START early sixteenth-century baptists were thought to be influenced by who? END
START anabaptists shared similarities with who? END
START who did the dutch waterlander mennonites avoid? END
START what theory lost credibility? END
START who founded the earliest baptist church in north america? END
START when was the first american baptist church established? END
START where did roger williams establish a baptist church? END
START where did john clarke establish a baptist church? END
START clarke was what to williams? END
START who founded the earliest baptist church in south america? END
START where did roger williams lose a baptist church? END
START where did john clarke establish an anabaptist church? END
START when was the last american anabaptist church established? END
START missionary work began in what canadian colony? END
START when did missionary work begin in canada? END
START what was the first baptist church in canada? END
START where was the first baptist church located in canada? END
START when was the first canadian baptist church established? END
START missionary work began in what american colony? END
START when did missionary work begin in america? END
START what was the first church of any kind in canada? END
START where was the first anabaptist church located in canada? END
START when was the first american baptist church established? END
START when did baptist congregations split over slavery? END
START why did american baptist congregations split? END
START slaveholders were prevented from being appointed as what? END
START who prevented slaveholders from being appointed missionaries? END
START northern congregations formed what organization? END
START when did baptist congregations combine efforts over slavery? END
START why did american baptist congregations work together? END
START slaveholders were typically appointed as what? END
START who encouraged slaveholders to be appointed missionaries? END
START southern congregations formed what organization? END
START what is the largest fellowship without control? END
START it has been suggested that a primary baptist principle is that local baptist churches are what? END
START what term is considered somewhat incongrous is a self-governing church? END
START what is the smallest fellowship without control? END
START what churches never become autonomous? END
START what has never been suggested as a primary baptist principle? END
START what term is not considered to be incongruous? END
START baptists are defined by what? END
START baptists have issued what without considering them to be creeds? END
START most baptists are what in doctrine? END
START baptists have played a key role in what? END
START which group of christians are not defined by doctrine? END
START baptists have issued what while considering them to be creeds? END
START most baptists exclude what doctrine? END
START baptists have played a small role in what? END
START beliefs about one god; the virgin birth; miracles; atonement for sins through the death, burial, and bodily resurrection of jesus are examples of what? END
START when was the london baptist confession of faith created? END
START when was the philadelphia baptist confession created? END
START when was the new hampshire baptist confession of faith created? END
START when was the london baptist confession of faith removed? END
START when was the philadelphia baptist confession removed? END
START what belief was not shared by doctrines? END
START who was seen as the father of god? END
START "crisis" comes from a greek word meaning what? END
START who wrote that some controversies reach a crisis level may actually be "positive and highly productive?" END
START what did shurden claim was never ideal, has often produced positive results? END
START what are some controversies that have shaped baptists? END
START "crisis" comes from a latin word meaning what? END
START who wrote that some controversies reach a crisis level may actually be "negative and least productive?" END
START which group has faced many controversies in their 300-year history? END
START what has never helped shape baptists? END
START when did baptists become embroiled in the controversy over slavery in the united states? END
START when did methodist and baptist preachers oppose slavery and urge manumission? END
START they worked with slaveholders in the south to urge what? END
START what denomination allowed blacks active roles in the congregation? END
START what refused to appoint a slaveholder as a missionary? END
START when did baptists become excluded from the controversy over slavery in the united states? END
START when did methodist and baptist preachers promote slavery and urge manumission? END
START what was urged by baptists working with slaveholders in the north? END
START what denomination disallowed blacks active roles in the congregation? END
START in what year did home mission society appoint a slaveholder as a missionary? END
START when did black baptists began to organize separate churches, associations and mission agencies? END
START who separated from white congregations and associations after the war? END
START who wanted to be free from white submission? END
START what states setup black conventions? END
START what percentage of all african-americans identify with baptist denominations? END
START when did black baptists began to organize combined churches, associations and mission agencies? END
START who separated from black congregations and associations after the war? END
START who wanted to be free from black supervision? END
START what states setup white conventions? END
START what percentage of all americans identify with baptist denominations? END
START where did baptist missionaries take an active role in the anti-slavery movement? END
START who was a prominent british baptist missionary in jamaica? END
START where did william knibb work toward the emancipation of slaves? END
START knibb also protagonised the creation of what? END
START what was named after the slave port of calabar? END
START where did baptist missionaries not take a role in the anti-slavery movement? END
START who was a prominent british baptist missionary in america? END
START what was the slave port of calabar named after? END
START william knibb protagonised the destruction of what? END
START when did the southern baptist convention vote to adopt a resolution renouncing its racist roots? END
START how many baptists registered for the meeting in atlanta? END
START sbc delegates are called what? END
START when did the southern baptist convention vote to adopt a resolution announcing its racist roots? END
START how many baptists unregistered for the meeting in atlanta? END
START sbc delegates are never called what? END
START who had not condemned racism in the past? END
START what sought to reset the ecclesiastical separation which had characterized the old baptist churches? END
START who was an influential baptist of the 19th century and the primary leader of this movement? END
START when did the southern baptist international mission board forbade its missionaries to receive alien immersions for baptism? END
START what sought to include the ecclesiastical separation which had characterized the old baptist churches? END
START who was an influential baptist of the 18th century and the primary leader of this movement? END
START when did the southern baptist international mission board encourage its missionaries to receive alien immersions for baptism? END
START what influence no longer continues to affect convention policies? END
START the southern baptist convention adhered to what as its official position? END
START what groups were formed by moderate southern baptists? END
START when was the alliance of baptists formed? END
START when was the cooperative baptist fellowship formed? END
START conservative theology was the official position of what? END
START the southern baptist convention never adhered to what as its official position? END
START when did the alliance of baptists end? END
START when was the cooperative baptist fellowship destroyed? END
START conservative theology was never the official position of what? END
START which baptist group embraced modernism? END
START what does child labour deprive children of? END
START are child artists an exception to the laws with regards to child labour? END
START is work done by amish children an exception? END
START where is there legislation that prohibits child labour? END
START is all work done by children considered to be child labour? END
START what year did sub-saharan africa have the highest rates of child labour? END
START what is the largest employer of child labour? END
START who are children predominantly employed by? END
START lack of school and this are the primary causes of child labour END
START was there a period when child labour was essential? END
START was there a great need for childhood education in a pre-industrial society? END
START who taught the skills needed for the children to work? END
START were peopel in pre-industrial societies considered to have long or short lifespans? END
START on average how many weekly hours did a domestic servant put in? END
START mid-18th century london had how many domestic servants? END
START what was the youngest age of a child working in a factory? END
START how many hours did builders work in the winter? END
START were children able to take on apprenticeships? END
START how many families were without a bread winner? END
START how many water-powered cotton mills used child labour in 1788 england and scotland? END
START was it a low amount or high amount of children that also worked in prostitution?  END
START where was charles dickens employed as a child? END
START during the industrial revolution what was the main driving force behind child labour? END
START during the 19th century was there any advocates for the working children? END
START in 1833 at what age was the limit to working in a textile industry factory? END
START what year were both adults and children only able to work 10 hours a day? END
START in the 19th century was there an increase or decreased need to child labour? END
START what year did britain first inact legislation with regards to child labour? END
START when were young boys employed in the glass making industries? END
START under glass making conditions were the children exposed to any heating elements? END
START were the boys in glass making industry paid by the hour? END
START did the glass industry have a preference for older working boys? END
START where was photographer lewis hine employed? END
START what year were over 2 million children employed in the us? END
START what did children roll in a factory? END
START what did child do in textile mills in the us? END
START why would families perfer labour done at the home as opposed to the factory? END
START early 20th century states began to have a responsiblity to take care of whom? END
START children were employed in the home, factories and were else in the 20th century? END
START what time were home manufactoring activities for children taking place? END
START who did the children work beside? END
START where were rural children employed? END
START what were the working conditions described as for the children employed at home? END
START in 1946 who was the director of the united states department of labour? END
START does child labour exist in the 21st century? END
START where does child labour currently occur the most? END
START how many children in today's world work beside their parents? END
START some child work as guides for whom? END
START what country has the highest percentage of child labour? END
START in asia how many millions of children are employed? END
START right now what percentage of children are employed in the us? END
START caribean and where else is there a low population of child workers? END
START where is present day child labour stats unclear? END
START when did the u.s. produce a list of goods primarily made by child labour in china? END
START what is the cause of diagreements in child labour numbers for present day? END
START chinese children have been known to make electronics, toys and what else? END
START according to the maplecroft child labour index how many countries post risks for child labour? END
START what country is the second on the list for child labour in accordance to the maplecroft child labour index? END
START what was the phillipines ranked as? END
START was brazil on the list? END
START what is the main reason for children today to be in the work force? END
START do the poor families put a value on education? END
START what community has the most prevalency for child labour? END
START throughout european history was child labour seen as a positive? END
START are boys or girls more likely in some cultures to be thrown into child labour? END
START for working parents what is the value of having their children work by their side? END
START do many cultures place value of the education of a young girl? END
START biggeri and mehrotra studied primarily asia nations including india, pakistan, indonesia, philippines and what other country? END
START is child labour a new issue in these asian countries? END
START supply and what else causes child labour to still exist today? END
START what encourages child labour across the globe? END
START how many children were employed on colonial plantations? END
START were young apprentices hired for pay? END
START was child labour common in european colonies? END
START what was the age range of colonial child workers? END
START what century did apprenticeships begin to take place? END
START where did the british turn a blind eye to child labour? END
START what schools required child labour? END
START did the child workers receive anything from the christian mission schools? END
START what did the canadians do to children that did not wish to work? END
START where do african children find their first jobs? END
START what do african children do primarily while working at home? END
START how many children in africa are working in the arigucultural sector? END
START how many children in africa pick coffee? END
START how many children work year round in africa? END
START where did children from urban areas primarily work? END
START where did children from rural areas work? END
START when was the united nations conventions on the rights of the child act implemented? END
START what was the most serious aftereffects of child labour? END
START what country is still an issue today with regards to child labour? END
START what is an issue in africa with child labour definitions? END
START in africa what is a cultural acceptance with regards to child labour? END
START in 1888 what country were child convicts sent to the most? END
START what restricted the 1870s child labour in australia? END
START was child labour rampagnt in australia? END
START when did industrailization take off in australia? END
START when was brazil colonized? END
START who colonized brazil? END
START who were the victims of industrial accidents? END
START when was child labour first documented in brazil? END
START how did armando dias die? END
START what is the min working age in brazil? END
START what year was hazardous working conditions limited to children in brazil? END
START is there underage children working in brazil? END
START in the 80's how many children were working illegally in brazil? END
START in 1999 how many children were working illegally in brazil? END
START what do drug cartels do with child workers? END
START what are the risks of child labour in drug cartels? END
START has these dangers caused and increase or decrease in child labour with drug cartels? END
START if not forced why did children work? END
START what was the age of the majority of child workers in britain? END
START why was this age range important? END
START how were the work oppurtunies for parents during this time period? END
START what type of support did child give to their families by working? END
START what type of factories saw an increased need for child labour? END
START was there an increase or decrease in the field of agriculture? END
START what became an issue for the working child? END
START was illiteracy a factor in changing the minds of parents of child labourers? END
START what are the reasons that lead to a decline of child labour? END
START when was the un general assembly of the international covenant on economic, social and cultural rights enacted? END
START what did this act due? END
START when were safe working environments legislation adopted for child labourers? END
START what did it help do to? END
START when did the english east india company defeat siraj-ud-daula? END
START who was the master of the east of india? END
START why were many children employed? END
START what was the primary reason for india children being employed? END
START how did india child workers act? END
START how much of the world's child labour does india's workers contribute to? END
START how many asian child workers are from india? END
START did the india goverment take any actions against child labour? END
START when did the geneva declaration of the right of children act pass? END
START what did the international acts do? END
START what is the age limit now in india for child workers? END
START what child working conditions are they protected from? END
START when were students used as workers? END
START for russian student workers how many summer days were devoted to work? END
START did they need parental consent? END
START what year were students killed as part of a road cleanup project? END
START what former soviet union continued child labour programs? END
START what was the main source of income for islam karimov? END
START did they have daily quotas for cotton? END
START what are the 2016 estimates for child labour in regards to cotton picking? END
START what is kaminfegerkinder? END
START what types of child labour did switzerland employ? END
START where did the children go to work primarily in switzerland? END
START what happened at verdingkinder auctions? END
START in 1930s how many indentured children were there? END
START how many swiss citizen signatures were collected? END
START how many countries have signed the worst forms convention 183 (c182)? END
START what types of child labour does this prohibit? END
START what other international laws deal with child labour? END
START what did the united nations take charge of with regards to child labour? END
START what is the aim of this? END
START what are some of the target countries? END
START what do they want to do with regards to schooling of young children? END
START what did the united states pass in 2004? END
START what is the age of us children allowed to work outside of the home? END
START what culture in the us benefits from this act? END
START what grade do amish children need to pass in order to be able to work for their families? END
START what happened in the european union in 1996? END
START what age were children allowed to do light labour? END
START what age were children able to take part in european training programs? END
START what is the most common occupation for dutch youth to have? END
START what does child labour do for adults? END
START what happens to the wages of adults? END
START what are the implications for third world countries with regards to child labour? END
START does ending child labour have a global value? END
START what do some scholars agress is the "disease" of child labour? END
START do these scholars argue for or against ending child labour? END
START what do these scholars argue for keeping child labour as a practice? END
START what caused child labour to decrease in the 20th century? END
START what caused child labour to decrease in vietnam? END
START what do these scholars suggest with regards to child labour reductions? END
START what do international actions do according to these scholars? END
START who reported ivory coast farmers usage of child labour? END
START what do child labourers work on in west africa? END
START how many child slaves were reported in cocoa, coffee and cotton farms? END
START what migrants worked on the ivory coast? END
START after a 10 year low in prices what did some farmers resort to? END
START where did the children mainly come from? END
START where were begging children often targeted for being sold into slavery? END
START what industry was accused of profiting from child labour? END
START who dismissed the allegations? END
START what are the figures for cocoa farmers using child labour? END
START who claimed these reports as being inaccurate? END
START what type of agreement was the 2001 harkin-engel protocol? END
START what was the foundation that was the direct result of the agreement? END
START how many active programs does the foundation have?  END
START what happened to the 2005 deadlines? END
START who was the supplier of copper and cobalt to china? END
START what are child creuseurs? END
START what percent of materials go to china? END
START what is the cobalt used for? END
START what did the bbc say that glencore used child labour for in 2012? END
START what did glencore say in regards to the allegations? END
START what did glencore admit to with regards to child labor? END
START what is another source of mining dangerous to children workers? END
START what is the third largest exporter of gold in africa? END
START why is gold vital to the people of mali? END
START what is the gold production income of poor families in mali? END
START how many minors did agriprocessors employ? END
START what did agriprocessors say in regards to the allegations? END
START when did the ceo go on trial? END
START what was the verdict? END
START who accused h&m of using products made by child labours? END
START who else did they accuse of using child labor products? END
START what country did the cotton come from that was picked by children? END
START what are activists trying to get implemented? END
START who did the bbc in 2008 report as using child labor? END
START what does primark produce? END
START what did the bbc program make their viewers question? END
START what else did the bbc expose? END
START how many years was primark investigated for? END
START what did they claim about the bbc report? END
START what did the bbc do? END
START what happened to the reward the bbc received? END
START what do some feel may happen if child labour products were completely rejected by society as a whole? END
START what happened to the 50,000 children in the unicef study? END
START what does the study say in regards to boycotts? END
START where did children work prior to the industrial revolution? END
START how many children worked? END
START where did children go to work after doing farm work for so long? END
START what did parents do when the wages were finally raised? END
START where is thomas degregori from? END
START what country does he argue needs child labor to survive? END
START what are the obstacles he claims are to ending child labor? END
START what is benefical work for children? END
START what can children do in countries were trading is involved? END
START all but what type of children must learn to clean? END
START what is a natural process of child development? END
START what is an escape for the young that live in poverty? END
START what are children able to do during intense work situations? END
START what hinders schooling for child labourers? END
START what can relieve tension for children at work? END
START what can schools do to help children led to better work lives? END
START how many main geographical sections make up north carolina? END
START what section of north carolina makes up 45% of the state? END
START what is the section in the middle 35% of north carolina called? END
START tha appalacian mountains and foothills make up a region of what state? END
START the extreme eastern section of north carolina is called what? END
START what do you call the line that marks the elevation that waterfalls first appear on rivers? END
START at what point does the coastal plin transition to the piedmont region? END
START what section of central north carolina has the most dense population? END
START pilot mountain and south mountains are located in what region of north carolina? END
START what is the average elevation in the west piedmont region? END
START the weatern part of north carolina is part of what mountain range? END
START the great smokey mountains and the black moutains are subranges of what mountains? END
START what mountains are the highest in the eastern united states? END
START what is the name of the highest point east of the mississippi river? END
START how high is mt. mitchell? END
START what ocean influinces the climate of north carolinas coastal plain? END
START what is the climate of the coastal plain in the winter? END
START what is the climate of north carolinas coastal plain in the summer? END
START what is the average high north carolina coastal temperature on the plains in the summer? END
START how often do temperatures on the coastal plain of nc drop below freezing at night? END
START what region of north carolina has hotter summers and colder winters than the coast? END
START in summer, daytime highs often reach what temperature in the piedmont region? END
START temperatures over 100 degrees will typically be found in what elevation of the piedmont? END
START what type of influence of the atlantic ocean makes the temperatures fluctuate more than on the coast? END
START the piedmont is colder than the coast in what season? END
START what is the average winter daytime temperature in the piedmont? END
START what do the temperatures often drop to at night in the piedmont region in the winter? END
START what is the average snowfall per year in charlotte? END
START what type of precipitation is the piedmont known for? END
START what mountain range makes up the coolest part of north carolina? END
START what are the average high winter temperatures in the appalachians? END
START what are the low winter temperatures in the appalachians? END
START temperatures rarely go higher than what temperature in the appalachians? END
START average snowfall in the appalachians can exceed how many inches? END
START hoe often do hurricanes hit north carolina? END
START floyd, fran, and hazel are examples of what that hit the state of north carolina? END
START what was the strongest storm to make landfall in north carolina? END
START what category of hurricane was hazel? END
START what year did hurrican hazel hit north carolina? END
START how many tornadoes does north carolina have per year? END
START houuricanes and tropical stors can produce what across the coastal plain? END
START what part of the state holds the highest risk for tornadoes? END
START what protects the western piedmont from tornadoes? END
START what weather phenomenom can weaken storms but cause major ice events in nw north carolina? END
START during what time period did people buid earth mounds used for religious and ceremonial purposes? END
START by 1000 ad, what culture of people settled in the piedmont? END
START about how many years before european contact did ancient mississippian culture build large cities? END
START pamlico and cape fear indians are examples of what? END
START where did the algonquin speaking tribes of north carolina live? END
START what was another name for blackbeard? END
START what was the name of blackbeards ship? END
START where in north carolina did blackbeards ship crash? END
START what year did blackbeard run his ship aground in north carolina? END
START what year were the remains of the queen anne's revenge discovered? END
START north carolina and sounth carolina together were known as what? END
START what year were the northern and southern carolinas seperated? END
START what was the profession of most of the settlers in the province of carolina? END
START what people were a menace to the coastal areas of the province of carolina? END
START by what year had all of the pirates in the nc province been captured or killed? END
START what was the state capital of north carolina in 1722? END
START what city became the capital of north carolina in 1766? END
START who was the governor of north carolina in 1767? END
START what was the name of the offices and residence built for william tryon? END
START what central north carolina cuty was chosen for the capital in 1788? END
START what state made the smallest contribution to the revolutionary war of any state? END
START how many men from nc joined the continental army? END
START who led the continental army? END
START what years were the highest concentration of military action in nc during the revolutionary war? END
START frontiersmen from the carolinas moved west into what area that is now known as tennessee? END
START after what year did cotton and tobacco become important crops in north carolina? END
START the tidewater region was in what half of north carolina? END
START what region of north carolina used slave labor and developed a slave society? END
START where did free black people migrate to because of the looser social system? END
START by 1810, what percentage of the free population was black? END
START what year was the confederacy defeated? END
START what era began following the defeat of the confederacy? END
START the us abolished slavery without giving what to slave owners? END
START when did white democrats regain control of the state legislature? END
START what did the kkk target with violence and terrorism at the polls? END
START what political party was elected to the legislature and governors office? END
START what political group attracted voters displeased with democrats? END
START what year did a biracial populist fusion gain the governors office? END
START what year did the democrats regain control of the governors office from the biracial populists? END
START in the 19th century, how many african american congressmen were elected? END
START what did the nc state legislature pass in 1899? END
START what type of taxes were required by the new nc constitution? END
START what did the new constitution require for voter registration? END
START being excluded from doing what, made it so that black people could not serve on juries or in public office? END
START what year was the federal civil rights act? END
START what political party dominated nc after the confederacy? END
START what was the economy of north carolina based on after the confederacy? END
START when did a major industrial base appear in north carolina? END
START where did the major industrial base appear in north carolina? END
START what was the emergence of the industrial base of north carolina based on? END
START what programs created by fdr helped north carolina during the great depression? END
START who did the new deal programs benefit? END
START what crops was the new deal program made for? END
START after what war did the states economy improve? END
START in the 1990's what nc city became a national banking center? END
START what inhibited north carolina for thousands of years? END
START before 200 ad, people built what kind of mounds for religious purposes? END
START who continued to build on to the religious mounds? END
START before european contact, who built large cities and regional trading networks? END
START what was the largest city in the piedmont before european contact? END
START in the 16th century, where did spanish explorers meet mississipian cultureal people? END
START what is joara? END
START where would present day joara be? END
START what was the name of the spanish man that met the people in joara? END
START what year did hernando de soto arrive in joara? END
START who is the north carolina state capital named for? END
START who granted the charter for sir walter raleigh to travel to present day north carolina? END
START what year did elizabeth i grant the charter to raleigh to travel to north carolina? END
START what was the second american territory the english attempted to colonize? END
START how many colonies did raleigh establish on the coast of carolina in 1580? END
START in 1650, settlers from what colony moved in to albemarie sound? END
START what year did king charles ii grant a charter to north america? END
START what did king charles ii's charter establish? END
START carolina was named after king charles ii's father, what was his name? END
START what year was a second charter made to establish the borders of carolina? END
START after the spanish, who were the first europeans to settle north carolina? END
START where did the english colonists that settle north carolina come from? END
START the english colonist  left virginia because of what issue with the land there? END
START who was one of the first virginian migrants to reach the carolinas? END
START what year did nathaniel battes settle in north carolina? END
START eastern north carolina is also known as what? END
START western north carolina is also known as what? END
START where was the tidewater located? END
START where did immigrants from england and the scottish highlands settle? END
START who did the tidewater settlers remain loyal to during the american revolution? END
START most english colonists arrived as what? END
START indentured servants hired theirselves out as what? END
START what did the english settlers get in return for their labor? END
START indentured servants were similar to what people in the early days? END
START as indentured servants improved the economy, there became a greater need to import more what? END
START what year did north carolina instruct its delegates to vote for independence? END
START who was north carolina seeking independence from in 1776? END
START what year was americas victory at king's mountain? END
START how many north carolina mountain men fought at king's mountain? END
START how many british troops fought at king's mountain? END
START who met the british army as they moved north? END
START who lost the battle of cowpens? END
START who led the british calvary at cowpen? END
START what was the date of the battle of cowpens? END
START what is another name for the race to the dan? END
START the battle of cowan's ford was fought on the banks of what river? END
START what year was the battle of cowans ford? END
START what is the present day name of the city that the battle of guilford courthouse was fought at? END
START after losing the battle of guilford courthouse, cornawallis moved his troops where? END
START what did cornwallis move to the coastline after losing the battle of guilford courthouse? END
START north carolina was the twelth state to ratify what document? END
START what date did north carolina ratify the constitution? END
START what year was the state capitol building of north carolina completed? END
START where was the capitol building completed in 1840? END
START what part of the state were most slave and plantation owners concentrated in? END
START some of the free people of color migrated from what state during the 18th century? END
START after the revolution quakers and mennonited encouraged slaveholders to do what? END
START what happened to the number of free colored people for the first few decades after the war? END
START what was the name of the railroad that began construction in 1836? END
START the wilmington and raleigh railroad was going to connect wilmington to what city? END
START in 1849, what railroad was created? END
START what direction did the north carolina railroad extend? END
START what stretch of the railroad was vital to the confederates in the civil war? END
START in 1860, what percent of the north carolina population were slaves? END
START where were most of the slaves in north carolina located? END
START what type of land did the slaves live on? END
START how many free people of color lived in nc in 1860? END
START where were the free people of color located in north carolina in 1860? END
START what fraction of the population of north carolina was enslaved in 1860? END
START north carolina did not vote to join the confederacy until they were ordered to invade what state? END
START when was north carolinas official secession? END
START when was tennessees informal secession? END
START when did tennessee officially vote to secede? END
START some north carolinians still refused to support what after secession? END
START some of what farmers remained neutral during the civil war? END
START where were the yoeman farmers that remained neutral during the civil war located? END
START how many north carolinians from the west fought for the union army? END
START when did union forces occupy coastal areas of north carolina? END
START what was the name of the confederacys most famous army? END
START how many battles of the army of northern virginia did confederate troops from north carolina fight in? END
START what was the name of the largest battle fought in north carolina? END
START what was the name of the confederate general that fought in bentonville? END
START what was the name of the union general that fought in bentonville? END
START who was the first confederate soldier to be killed in the civil war? END
START where was henry wyatt from? END
START what battle did private henry wyatt die in? END
START when did henry wyatt die? END
START when was the battle of gettysburg? END
START what is the religious name given to the part of the country that includes the carolinas? END
START what religion holds the majority in the bible belt? END
START what was the largest denomination in north carolina in 2010? END
START what was the second largest denomination in north carolina in 2010? END
START what was the third largest denomination in north carolina in 2010? END
START immigrants from latin america coming to north carolina is increasing what? END
START what has happened to the number of roman catholics and jews in north carolina? END
START religious diversity in north carolina has generally what? END
START what is the second largest protestant denomination in north carolina? END
START what county in piedmont is methodism especially strong in? END
START what is the nickname given to north carolina? END
START science, technology, energy, and math industries have risen what percent since 2001? END
START what is raleigh-cary ranked among the 51 largest metro areas in the country? END
START what was north carolinas gross state product in 2010? END
START what was north carolinas state debt in 2012? END
START north carolina voters have leaned republican since what year? END
START what year did north carolina voters once again vote for a democrat? END
START what year did bill clinton win north carolina? END
START what year did bill clinton lose north carolina? END
START where was the 2012 democratic national convention held? END
START who was elected governor of north carolina in 2012? END
START what political party does pat mccrory belong to? END
START who ws elected lieutenant governor of north carolina in 2012? END
START what political party does dan forest belong to? END
START who won north carolinas 7th congressional district seat in 2014? END
START what agency oversees public schools in north carolina? END
START who holds most legal authority for making education policy? END
START what year did the boards chairman become the chief executive officer of public schools? END
START how many public school systems does north carolina have? END
START what is the largest school system in north carolina? END
START what state opened the first public university in the united states? END
START what year was the first public university opened in the united states? END
START what was the name of the first public university to open in the us? END
START what is the largest university in north carolina? END
START how many students does north carolina state university enroll? END
START duke university and shaw university are examples of what type of colleges that are in north carolina? END
START what was the first black college in the south? END
START what is the name of the only catholic college in the carolinas? END
START what is the name of the only lutheran university in north carolina? END
START how many major league sports franchises make north carolina home? END
START the caroli8na panthers belong to what league? END
START the charlotte hornets belong to what league? END
START the carolina hurricanes belong to what league? END
START what is the only professional team from north carolina to have won a league championship? END
START what speedway in north carolina hosts two sprint cupseries races each year? END
START where is charlotte motor speedway located? END
START what north carolina city hosts the nascar hall of fame? END
START what north carolina city is home to several top racing teams? END
START how many colleges compete at the division 1 level in north carolina? END
START where is the acc headquarters? END
START where were the acc football and basketball championships recently held? END
START what stadium host the acc championship game and the belk bowl each year? END
START how many times has north carolina hosted the ncaa final four? END
START how many people go to see the appalachian mountains each year? END
START what part of the state are the appalachian mountains in? END
START great smoky mountain and blue ridge parkway are located in what mountain range? END
START how many tourists visited the smoky mountains and blue ridge parkway in 2013? END
START what north carolina city is consistently voted one of the top places to live in the united states? END
START what hockey team is located in raleigh? END
START what league do the carolina hurricanes belong to? END
START what hall of fame is located in raleigh? END
START what arboretum is located in raleigh? END
START what is the center of north carolina called? END
START where is the krispy kreme headquarters located? END
START what city is the north carolina zoo in? END
START how many miles of shaded pathways does the nort carolina zoo have? END
START what north carolina city hosts the merlefest? END
START fishing, hunting, and birdwatching are what kind of activities that are provided in north carolina? END
START in the fall, people go to north carolina to see what? END
START what is another name for caving? END
START howmany state parks are in north carolina? END
START how many national parks are in north carolina? END
START where is the uwharrie national forest located? END
START where is croatan national forest located? END
START where is the guilford courthouse national military park? END
START what industry generates 1.2 billion in economic activity each year for north carolina? END
START how many full time jobs are held by those in the non profit arts and culture industry? END
START how much money does the nonprofit arts and culture industry raise for government? END
START what was the first museum in the country to be formed by legislature? END
START how much money does the north carolina museum of art generate? END
START where is southpark mall located? END
START what is the largest mall in the carolinas? END
START how big is southpark mall? END
START where is the hanes mall located? END
START where is the four seasons town center located? END
START what is a culinary staple of north carolina? END
START what cut of pork do those in western north carolina prefer for bbq? END
START what cut of pork do those in western north carolina prefer for bbq? END
START what is another name for western north carolina barbecue? END
START how many people visit the lexington barbecue festival each year? END
START krispy kreme is a chain of what kind of stores? END
START where is the krispy kreme headquarters? END
START when was pepsi-cola first produced? END
START where was pepsi first produced? END
START what city was cheerwine created and based in? END
START what international prize winning winery is located in north carolina? END
START what prized cheeses are made in north carolina? END
START much tobacco land has been transformed into what kind of orchards? END
START north carolina state law allowed a jump in alcohol volume from 6% to what percent? END
START what city was named beer city usa? END
START what was one of the first growing industries to develope after the civil war? END
START the invention of cigarettes made what popular? END
START winston salem is the headquarters of what tobacco company? END
START what year was rj reynolds tobacco company founded? END
START how many packs of camel cigarettes were sold per year in 1914? END
START where is camp lejeune located? END
START what is camp lejeune? END
START bases making up the larges concentration of marines and sailors in the world is located in what nc city? END
START where is seymour johnson air force base located? END
START where is the military ocean terminal sunny point stationed? END
START what is the name of the last period of classical japanese history? END
START the heian period is named after what city? END
START what does heian mean in japanese? END
START what was the name of the prominent clan during the heian period? END
START the heian period was known for what types of art? END
START what period marks the end of japanese history? END
START what japanese dynasty was named after the city of heian-kyo? END
START what chinese influences where waning in the heian period? END
START what was declining along with the imperial court? END
START what family did many japanese emperors belong to? END
START what was the name of the period before the heian era? END
START the heian period began in what year? END
START what warrior class rose during the heian era? END
START heian-kyo is now what present-day city? END
START what was the name of the emperor who moved japan's capital to heian? END
START when did the nara period begin? END
START where was the capital of japan prior to 794 a.d.? END
START where did emperor kanmu try to move the capital after heian-kyo? END
START why have later generations always admired the nara period? END
START what class declined in the heian-kyo period? END
START what noble family wielded power during the heian period? END
START who threatened the authority of japan's central government? END
START masakado led an uprising in what province? END
START what member of the fujiwara family rebelled in western japan? END
START in what year did masakado begin his rebellion? END
START who ruled the fujiwara family in japan? END
START who needed guards and soldiers to protect their interests in the imperial court? END
START who's political power declined during the heian period? END
START who threatened the central governments authourity during the 9th century a.d.? END
START what did fujiwara no sumitoma lead in the east? END
START heian was japan's capital for how many years? END
START nara was the former capital for how many years? END
START what religion was gaining popularity in nara? END
START what time period was the early heian era? END
START kanmu modeled his government after what chinese capital? END
START why did emperor kammu move the capital to heian0kyo after a 1,000 years? END
START why was nara maintained as the capital for 70 years? END
START what did nara have besides good river acess? END
START which system did the tang imperium recreate? END
START what was the name of the possible descendants of jmon? END
START what was the name of the new commander kanmu appointed in the year 797? END
START what was tamuramaro's military title? END
START the emishi were defeated in what year? END
START the imperial capital extended to the eastern edge of which japanese island? END
START what did the emishi abandon in 793? END
START who was kammu descended from? END
START who did kammu appoint as commander in 794? END
START who did the emishi defeat in 801? END
START who had firm control of the provinces? END
START in what year did emperor kanmu die? END
START what office replaced the imperial guards? END
START what new office allowed government to issue administrative orders faster? END
START tang china's influence over japan ended in what year? END
START who's sons died in 806? END
START what administative structure was abolished in 806? END
START what office eliminatedthe need for the emorer to issue administrative edicts? END
START who did the imperial guard replace END
START who's influence began to increase in 630? END
START in what century did the soga family take the throne? END
START a member of what clan became the head of the emperor's private office? END
START which emperor suspended the fujiwara clan's power? END
START emperor daigo ruled during what years? END
START what family took control of the throne in the 600's? END
START what family usurped the throne in the 9th century? END
START which emperor gave the fujiware more power? END
START who was the first japanese emperor to rule directly? END
START what type of property obtained legal status during the early heian period? END
START farm laborers traded titles to shoen holders in exchange for what? END
START the fujiwara and other noble families became richer during which century? END
START who was demoted during the reign of deigo? END
START where was central control growing? END
START who's shoen and wealth were declining? END
START what reform moved control of people and land from the central government? END
START when did religious establishments obtain legal status? END
START what script was developed with parts of chinese characters? END
START what was the name of the cursive script that gave expression to spoken words? END
START who is the author of the pillow book? END
START who is the author of the tale of genji? END
START what was the name of the brightly colored paintings depicting court life? END
START what declined while the fujiwara controled the imperial court? END
START where did japan borrow the writting style of hiragana from? END
START what writting style led to a decline in japan's vernacular literature? END
START what was written by court women trained in chinese? END
START what still influences chinese art today? END
START what became the aristocracy's primary occupation? END
START what grew during the second phase of shoen development? END
START what governmental reorganization lapsed during the period of shoen development? END
START succession to the throne was determined by what clan? END
START what flourished along with centralization? END
START what became the primary occupation as a result of declining control by the central government? END
START what code moved beyond its cerimonial functions? END
START what did public institutions become? END
START who saw japan as a single nation? END
START the early courts' military conscription broke down around what year? END
START warriors appointed to a province were called what? END
START warriors appointed for specific tasks were called what? END
START where did final authority over the military lie? END
START what was in the hands of the provincial aristocracy in he early courts? END
START what process allowed provincial aristocracy to take control slowly? END
START who made up the imerial courts army? END
START what authority rested with the japanese military class? END
START who had increased access to better military technology? END
START which institutions also hired private guards for protection? END
START which class became a new military elite? END
START what does the word "bushi" mean? END
START what did shoen lack access to? END
START what deprived the shoen of manpower? END
START what was nolonger part of the shoen life after the ninth century? END
START what institutions were forbidden to form private guards? END
START whom comprised most of the ordinary military? END
START bushi formed new associations in what century? END
START how did military families gain prestige? END
START who were the three prominent families during the rise of the warrior classes? END
START who had limited intrests in the tenth century? END
START what groups became part of the centraladministration? END
START what formed around provincial aristocracy? END
START what did provincial aristocracy grant to the imperial court? END
START who was the first non-fujiwara emperor since the ninth century? END
START who implemented reforms to reduce the fujiwara's influence on government? END
START what term was used for behind the scenes governance? END
START who was the last emperor born to a fujiwara mother? END
START who's influence grew under go-sanjo? END
START what did the fjiware try to compile and validate? END
START who felt threatened by the fujiware attempt to validate estate records? END
START what office did the emperor rule through? END
START the decline of the fujiwara's governmental power was filled by what? END
START the members of what clan gradually replaced the fujiwaras? END
START what allowed the paternal line of the imperial family to gain influence over royal succession? END
START the in-no-cho was prominent during what years? END
START who left a void for the fujiwara to fill? END
START who did the emperor banish? END
START who was sought out in decision making? END
START what other family was replaced by the fujiwara? END
START what member of the fujiwara attempted to rebel in the mid-twelfth century? END
START what battle resulted in the destruction of the fujiwara? END
START what clans fought during the heiji rebellion? END
START in what year did the heiji rebellion occur? END
START after the heiji rebellion, what clan grew in power? END
START what struggle occured in the 1200's? END
START who had the opportunity to regain their former power in the 1200's? END
START in what year did no yorinaga side with the emerors heir apparent? END
START who supported the retired emperor in the 11th century? END
START what rebellion occured in the 11th century? END
START what military commander gained power after the fall of the minamoto clan? END
START how old was emperor takakura when he died? END
START what was the name of takakura's successor? END
START kiyomori removed how many court officials to protect his power? END
START what were the names of the temples that kiyomori destroyed? END
START who's destruction led to minamoto emering as the real power in japan? END
START what was the name of minamato's daughter? END
START whose daughter died at 19? END
START who discouraged trade with sung china? END
START who buildt two temples during their time in power? END
START what was the term used to describe military governors? END
START what was the term used to describe supervisors of estates? END
START what was the name of the emperor that yoritomo removed from the throne? END
START what system did yoritomo end? END
START what areas did stewards rule over? END
START who supervised the imerial court? END
START who strengthened the fujiwara family during their rule? END
START who did yoshitsune remove from the throne? END
START what religion spread during the heian period? END
START what were the two japanese sects of buddhism? END
START who brought shingon buddhism to japan? END
START tendai buddhism suggested that enlightenment was accessible to who? END
START what philosophy had little influence during the haian period? END
START what were the two chinese sects of buddhism? END
START where did kukai bring tendai buddhism to? END
START who thought all buddist monks should be ordinated together? END
START what court did shingon develop a close relationship with? END
START what artform became a mark of status in the courts? END
START during the heian period, what did the japanese think could reflect one's soul? END
START what was said to show low status or "poor breeding"? END
START who was expected to be able to read poetry? END
START what were verses believed to reflect? END
START what was a sign of good breeding? END
START who rebuked the empress for poor writing? END
START what is the name of the japanese national anthem? END
START what famous poem with an unknown author was written during the heian period? END
START the pillow book was a collection of whose observations of the imperial court? END
START when were the lyrics of the ancient japanese anthem written. END
START what was the title of the forst ever novel written by sei shonagon? END
START when did fujiwara no teika write iroha? END
START what crop was a primary source of income during the heian period? END
START what was the name of the beneficiaries of heian culture? END
START currency gradually disappeared around what year? END
START what crop became the primary unit of exchange? END
START what was a short period of peace? END
START how was japan strengthened during the heian period? END
START what could average people avoid by acessing rice fields? END
START who provided to be compitent at ruling the provinces? END
START who were paid fees for theiir services? END
START buddhist temples in which two cities made use of the shoen system? END
START why were travelers often robbed under fujiwara rule? END
START the integration of shinto shrines into government branches reflected a greater what? END
START who always maintained adequate police forces? END
START what system kept the aristocrates from accumulating too much wealth? END
START what was integrated into shinto shrines? END
START what kept travelers safe during the heian period? END
START which total war game has an expansion set during the heian period? END
START what families are playable characters in total war: shogun 2? END
START the rise of the samurai expansion for total war: shogun 2 depicts which war during the heian period? END
START what popular game from the heian period had an expanson pack? END
START wich part of the game has no multiplayer mode? END
START what three families are added with the expanson pack? END
START when was the origin of species published? END
START who wrote the origin of species? END
START what branch of biology was the origin of species founded on? END
START what was the expedition called that charles darwin discovered some of his evidence? END
START how do populations evolve according to charles darwin's theory? END
START which group of scientists began to support evolutionary ideas? END
START which powerful religious institution was a big part of scientific study in the 19th century? END
START what was the general opinion about transmutation of species in the 19th century? END
START how did the majority of science see humanity in relation to animals in the 19th century? END
START which theology did everyone agree science was a part of in the 19th century? END
START what section of the population was darwin's book written for? END
START who attempted to secularize science during the debate over darwin's book? END
START what was t.h. huxley promoting? END
START what was the growing change in opinion about evolution called? END
START when did darwin's concept of evolution become widely believed and central to the modern theory of evolution? END
START to what ancient philosopher did darwin trace some of his evolutionary ideas? END
START whose ideas were summarized by aristotle in the work darwin studied? END
START how did medieval scholars view the genesis creation story? END
START what kind of births did the christian church fathers believe occurred in nature? END
START which group wanted to assuage fears that science was a threat to religious stability? END
START whose theory claimed that species were unchanging and designed by god? END
START who created a biological classification in 1735? END
START when did the ussher chronology state that creation began? END
START who proposed that life is a self-maintaining, infinite cycle? END
START what was the name of charles darwin's grandfather? END
START what theory did erasmus darwin outline in the 1790s? END
START what was the name of the scientist who developed and published a more complex version of erasmus darwin's theory in 1809? END
START what is the process of adapting to the environment and inheriting changes through use or disuse called? END
START whose paleontology work in the 1790s established the reality of extinction? END
START whose work considered adaptation to be evidence of god's design? END
START what was the name of william paley's book claiming divine beneficial design?  END
START what religion were all naturalists working at the two english universities? END
START how did most naturalists view the concept of transmutation of species? END
START how did geologists explain the creation of new species in keeping with their belief in divine creation? END
START when did darwin begin attending university? END
START what university did darwin attend? END
START what was darwin originally studying at university? END
START who did darwin assist in researching marine invertebrates? END
START with whom did darwin study about catastrophic geology? END
START what expedition did darwin join in 1831? END
START who wrote the principles of geology? END
START where was the first stop of the beagle expedition? END
START what did some of the fossils darwin found on st. jago resemble? END
START what caused darwin to change his mind about the unbridgeable gap between animals and humans? END
START who showed that extinct south american fossils were related to living species? END
START what did john gould announce in 1837? END
START how many species of mockingbirds were found to be present on the galapagos islands? END
START what type of scientist was john gould? END
START which animal did darwin see at a zoo that made him further consider evolution? END
START which book did darwin begin reading in 1838? END
START what did thomas malthus' book theorize would happen to human populations if they were unrestrained? END
START which species did darwin compare with the human struggle to survive? END
START what concept was de candolle considering as he studied plants? END
START what was the name of darwin's 35-page writing of his theory? END
START which botanist did darwin begin a correspondence with about his theories? END
START how many pages had darwin's sketch grown to in 1844? END
START what information was darwin's essay based on? END
START who did darwin write his ideas to in 1842? END
START what was the name of the anonymously published science book? END
START what kind of progression did vestiges of the natural history of creation propose? END
START who wrote vestiges of the natural history of creation? END
START what was the evidence in vestiges of the natural history of creation used to support? END
START which scientist was in favor of lamarckism in the 1850s? END
START what creatures did darwin study that made him believe variation arose constantly? END
START in what year did darwin begin to work on his evolution theory full-time? END
START which bird species did darwin become extremely interested in studying? END
START by which year had darwin's theory become more complex and supported by a lot of evidence? END
START what species did darwin study for dispersal across oceans> END
START when was the "introduction of species" paper written? END
START who wrote the "introduction of species" paper? END
START how did wallace claim that patterns in the distribution of species could be explained? END
START which scientist recognized the possible validity and implications of wallace's paper? END
START when did lyell ask darwin to publish his theory to give it priority? END
START which book was darwin working on when he received a package from wallace? END
START what was in the packages darwin received from wallace? END
START who wrote the paper, on the tendency of species to form varieties? END
START what do some historians think made wallace's concept of natural selection different from darwin's? END
START what did darwin decide to write in july, 1858? END
START which publisher did lyell convince to arrange publication of darwin's work? END
START what did the publisher offer darwin in payment for the book? END
START what edition was the book in by the time of darwin's death? END
START how much had the book earned darwin by the time he died? END
START what title did darwin's book ultimately have? END
START what had darwin wanted to name his book? END
START who convinced darwin that his book needed a shorter, more compelling title? END
START what does the word "races" mean as referenced in darwin's book? END
START what is the extended name of the origin of species that is written on the title page? END
START by which year did darwin have the basic premise of his natural selection theory? END
START why might darwin have postponed publishing his theory of evolution for over 20 years? END
START which paper did darwin write that was incorrect? END
START who might darwin have feared upsetting by publishing his work? END
START what did darwin's contemporaries think of the long delays on his publishing? END
START what was darwin's process on writing his books? END
START what was darwin's original estimate for the amount of time his book would take to write? END
START which scientist's study theorized that the idea of darwin's work being delayed dates to the 1940s? END
START what was the cost for the first published copies of on the origin of species? END
START how many copies of on the origin of species were created in the first printing? END
START where was the book, on the origin of species first offered for sale? END
START how many editions did on the origin of species go through during darwin's lifetime? END
START which institution bought 500 copies of the book, ensuring that a large number of people would have access to it? END
START what did on the genesis of species argue against natural selection? END
START who wrote on the genesis of species? END
START when did charles darwin first use the word "evolution" in on the origin of species? END
START what did charles darwin do to address mivart's arguments? END
START what was chapter vii entitled? END
START why couldn't asa gray use a boston publisher for an american version of on the origin of species? END
START how much of a royalty was gray able to negotiate with a new york publisher for on the origin of species? END
START when was the first american edition of on the origin of species published? END
START what did darwin decide to do with the profits of the american version of on the origin of species? END
START what was the print run that darwin mentioned for on the origin of species? END
START who was the german translator that darwin welcomed for on the origin of species? END
START what did bronn do in his translation that went completely against what darwin wanted in on the origin of species? END
START what did bronn change "favoured races" to in his translated edition of on the origin of species? END
START who published an improved translation of on the origin of species in 1867? END
START why was darwin unhappy with the first french translation of on the origins of species? END
START what was isaac newton's belief about god  on the theory of natural law? END
START whose epigraph did darwin add to on the origin of species harmonizing god with science and miracles together? END
START whose letter does the introduction to on the origin of species refer? END
START in which edition of on the origin of species was the epigraph from joseph butler added? END
START how far back does chapter one of on the origin of species go in its coverage of animal and plant species? END
START what does darwin use to illustrate the effects of artificial selection? END
START from what does darwin assert all pigeons are descended? END
START which evolutionary changes were the most important to darwin? END
START what does darwin believe about the differences between species and varieties? END
START what does darwin theorize about different species with regard to variety? END
START what did darwin and wallace make central to understanding the natural world? END
START what did darwin say that a "well marked variety" could be called? END
START what did historians say that naturalists generally thought about the differences in variations in a species? END
START what is the struggle that darwin describes about population likened to? END
START within what frame of reference does darwin use the phrase "struggle for existence?" END
START what was charles lyell's perception of what organisms are exposed to in their struggle for survival? END
START when is competition strongest in the natural world? END
START why is competition so fierce between related species? END
START what did darwin say that artificial selection by animal breeders often causes? END
START what did darwin say could happen somewhere if there is a change in conditions? END
START what can happen if species immigrate to a new location? END
START what does darwin say can explain diverse feature such as antlers on deer and bright feathers on certain male birds? END
START which of darwin's written works has more in depth information about sexual selection? END
START what did darwin expect to see between species with the addition of artificial selection? END
START what did darwin use to illustrate the way that original species change and adapt into new ones? END
START what is the theory that is based on acquired characteristics within a species? END
START what did darwin learn about about the characteristics of domestic animals? END
START what did darwin speculate might be how inheritable variations might come about in a species? END
START what did darwin admit about acquired characteristics in chapter one of on the origin of species? END
START what did darwin learn about variations by observing breeders? END
START when was the variation of animals and plants under domestication by charles darwin published? END
START what was the hypothesis that attempted to explain heredity? END
START while darwin wasn't sure about blending inherited traits, what was his opinion about utilizing inherited variation? END
START when did a model of heredity begin to be integrated with that of variation? END
START what was the modern evolutionary synthesis named? END
START what is one possible objection to the theory of integrated variation? END
START why did darwin wonder why all of nature isn't chaotic and random? END
START what did darwin ultimately decide was the reason that nature is not a chaos of variation? END
START what are some flying animals that darwin thought might have evolved from bats? END
START what example did darwin give of eyes evolving? END
START how did darwin justify his theory not breaking down? END
START how does darwin theorize that instincts have evolved in slave-making ants? END
START how does darwin theorize that instincts have evolved in bees? END
START what did darwin notice specifically about slave-making ants? END
START why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile? END
START what are darwin's thoughts on producing hybrids of related species? END
START what conclusion did darwin come to after realizing that some diverse species were able to create variations easily, while other species thought to be closely related had difficulty? END
START why did darwin introduce a new chapter in on the origin of species in the sixth edition? END
START what was one of the objections that darwin addressed in his new chapter in on the origin of species? END
START which of darwin's books featured a plant whose elaborate structure aided with fertilization by insects? END
START which scientist was addressed the most often in the new chapter of on the origin of species? END
START what was darwin's response to the claims that certain animals could not have evolved through natural selection? END
START whose argument did darwin borrow that geological record is very imperfect, because fossilization is rare? END
START which book written by charles lyell contains the argument that fossils are too rare to be used as proof of life suddenly arising? END
START what did darwin hope to find as he continued to explore new geologic discoveries? END
START how long did darwin estimate the erosion of the weald to be? END
START what is the name of the group of well-developed organisms that were discovered within fossil-bearing layers? END
START how did darwin expect species to change and evolve? END
START what did darwin believe were the key things needed for variation of species to form? END
START which scientist theorized that the earliest members of a class in a species were simple and generalized? END
START what did darwin discover about more recently extinct species? END
START why couldn't differences in flora and fauna be explained by differences in regions alone? END
START what did darwin consider that could explain why different regions could have such different species when they are close together? END
START what was the combination of effects that darwin considered the most important in determining the differences in species that evolved separately in similar environments? END
START what theory does darwin discuss that is related to the importance of homologous structures? END
START what are some examples that darwin gives of species whose basic form of limbs is similar, but who have vastly different uses for them? END
START what does darwin note about the embryos of many different species in the same class? END
START what are some examples of rudimentary organs that darwin discusses in the chapter? END
START what hopes does darwin have for his theory in the natural history fields? END
START why did darwin avoid the topic of the origins of humans in most of his book? END
START what does darwin allude to hoping in the final chapter of on the origin of species about humans? END
START what were darwin's two important aims about evolution? END
START what did heknow his readers were already familiar with from vestiges? END
START how did darwin view vestiges in the introduction to on the origin of species? END
START what is darwin's belief about the accumulation of adaptive variations? END
START what does darwin do to show that his theory can support many theories that could not be explained by individual creation of species? END
START whose scientific philosophy argued that a mechanism could be called a vera causa if three things could be shown as true? END
START what are the three things john herschel maintains need to be shown to allow for a mechanism be called a true cause? END
START what element of on the origin of species ensured that the book would be taken seriously by scientists? END
START what did on origin of species avoid in order to raise its chance of being taken seriously? END
START what reason did david quammen believe that on the origin of species was weakened in later editions? END
START why did james t. costa think that on the origin of species was more likely to draw interest than a larger book that darwin had been working on? END
START why did james t. costa think the larger, abandoned book would not have been as successful? END
START why did on the origin of species likely raise so much interest and debate? END
START why was the book taken seriously even though much of the response was hostile? END
START what field of ideas latched onto on the origin of species when it became a widespread success? END
START what did darwin's book do for the field of scientific study of evolution? END
START what was the term used to not only describe darwin's theories, but the whole spectrum of evolution-ism after his book met with success? END
START what was the general response from scientific readers to lamarck's written work? END
START what was the likely reason that darwin's ideas were accepted more readily than lamarck's? END
START which school did opponents to darwin's method support? END
START where did early support for darwin's findings come from? END
START who authored research supporting insect mimicry  using natural selection? END
START who supported darwin's theories on evolution despite it having little impact on his own research? END
START what did huxley's 1860 article in the westminster review promote? END
START why did huxley coin the name "darwinism?" END
START what did the morphologist ernst haeckel convince huxley of about comparative anatomy and paleontology? END
START who was the leading naturalist in britain? END
START how did owen respond to on the origin of species with his review? END
START what was the debate between huxley and owen concerning humans and apes? END
START what was the primary debate at the british association for the advancement of science meeting of 1860? END
START when did darwin publish his own explanation of the question of the evolution of man and ape? END
START while evolutionary ideas were accepted by german biologists, what was not? END
START what led to more misgivings of conservative scientists when bronn's german translation of on the origin of species was published? END
START which group of people was excited by the german translation of on the origin of species? END
START why were political radicals such as ernst haekel so interested in on the origin of species? END
START what was the general feeling toward darwin's ideas in france? END
START what people in what country had embraced the idea of evolution for many years before darwin published his theory? END
START which aspects of evolution theory were thought to be unimportant by many who read darwin's work? END
START which author voiced his displeasure of the morality of darwin's views in a novel? END
START what justification for his objections to the process of natural selection did karl von ngel give? END
START what was darwin's concession to karl von ngel's objections? END
START who disputed darwin's estimate that the age of the earth allowed gradual evolution of species? END
START what were william thomson's reasons for disputing darwin's estimate? END
START when were the problems of the earth and heredity resolved? END
START why did most scientists accept the validity of evolution by the 1870s, but considered natural selection a minor part of it? END
START what was meant by the term saltationism? END
START what is the term for the belief that species have a tendency to change and adapt in a certain direction? END
START what was the minority view on evolution that was believed by august weismann? END
START what rediscovered inheritance was thought to invalidate darwin's views on evolution? END
START who believed that action needed to be taken to level out the social and economic playing field before natural selection could occur to improve humanity? END
START which political commentary attempted to widen the idea of natural selection to include competition between different races of people and countries? END
START why were some political commentaries attempting to attach natural selection to human races? END
START what uses of his ideology did darwin object to being used? END
START what theory about humanity did darwin oppose? END
START what view did louis agassiz have of on the origin of species? END
START what view did some clergymen in the church of england take of the theory of natural selection? END
START what did darwin do to show that he admired the cleric charles kingsley?  END
START what did some commentators think about darwin changing the phrasing in his book? END
START what were darwin's views on the part of god in his theory? END
START what was baden powell's opinion of on the origin of species? END
START what did the pamphlet that asa gray published defend? END
START what was a way that theologians compromised with the information in darwin's book? END
START what was later realized that caused naturalistic mechanisms such as neo-lamarckism to be embraced? END
START how did people attempt to rationalize or reconcile the concept of natural selection? END
START which scientist argued that darwinism was atheism? END
START what controversy around darwin's book began in the 1920s? END
START what official position did the vatican take on the subject of evolution in 1950? END
START what branching common descent theory has become the most unifying one of the life sciences? END
START what does the theory of evolution explain about living organisms? END
START in what fields has darwin's theory of evolution become particularly essential? END
START what kind of controversy has begun within school systems about darwin's theory? END
START what kinds of things have been done by scholars interested in darwin's work? END
START what has been created in 1959 and filled with information about changes in every edition of on the origin of species? END
START what was done on the 150th anniversary of the publication of on the origin of species? END
START what were the celebrants honoring with their commemorations? END
START on what date did the soviet union dissolve? END
START what entity was created in place of the soviet union? END
START who was president of the soviet union when it came to an end? END
START who became president of russia after gorbachev left office? END
START which flag replaced the soviet flag at the kremlin? END
START who was general secretary prior to mikhail gorbachev? END
START what caused chernenko to leave office? END
START how old was gorbachev when he was elected as the general secretary?  END
START what entity was responsible for gorbachev's being elected? END
START to which two people did gorbachev grant membership into the politburo for his own reasons?  END
START what were some of the downsides of the more liberal soviet union? END
START in which country did warsaw pact regime remain in place? END
START what party did gorbachev belong to? END
START what was the name of the legislative body that was brought into existance in 1989? END
START when were opposition parties first allowed in the soviet union? END
START when was gorbachev's speech addressing alcohol abuse? END
START other than increasing pricing what was another measure that was introduced to decrease alcohol consumption? END
START what was censored? END
START whose anti-alcohol program did gorbachev's remind people of? END
START when did tsar nicholas ii ban alcohol? END
START when did eduard shevardnadze gain full membership in the politburo? END
START who was responsible for shevardnadze's membership? END
START who was minister of foreign affairs prior to shevardnadze? END
START what was gromyko's western nickname? END
START which person did gorbachev kick out of the politburo on the first of july? END
START who became chairman of the council of ministers in 1985? END
START who was chairman of the council of ministers prior to ryzhkov? END
START how old was tikhonov when he stopped being chairman? END
START what is an analogous office to chairman of the council of ministers? END
START who was the new chairman of the state planning committee in 1985? END
START who created the ctag? END
START what group was the first to oppose the soviet government publicly? END
START what party was helsinki-86 in disagreement with? END
START what is the english translation of the word jeltoqsan? END
START who was fired by gorbachev causing riots? END
START what position did konayev hold in kazakhstan prior to his removal? END
START who took the place of konayev? END
START when were the first demonstrations in kazakhstan to protest the removal and replacement of konayev? END
START who was demonstrating? END
START how many people were estimated by authorities to have attended the riots? END
START what were the attendance estimates from non governmental groups? END
START how did the kazakh ssr government say the two protesters were killed? END
START who wrote about the kgb officer's testimony? END
START whose support did gorbachev seek in order to increase liberties? END
START what party was gorbachev in charge of? END
START what group wanted to stop reforms? END
START when were the prisoners set free? END
START what sort of prisoners were released? END
START who demonstrated close to the kremlin in july of 1978? END
START prior to 1987 when was the last large release of prisoners? END
START who released the prisoners in the 1950s? END
START who disagreed vocally about the demonstrations being permitted? END
START who resigned in september of 1987? END
START what was gorbachev's reaction to yeltsin's resignation? END
START what did yeltsin dislike about the reforms? END
START who took yeltsin's side? END
START where did the demonstrators meet in june of 1987? END
START where is freedom monument? END
START what did the protesters do? END
START who were the protesters remembering? END
START where did further protests take place? END
START what was being protested in estonia? END
START when did the phosphate mine protests begin? END
START what group was started by ex-political prisoners? END
START who was in charge of the mrp-aeg group? END
START what was requested for estonia in the proposal printed by the edasi newspaper in 1987? END
START when was the yerevan demonstration? END
START how many people demonstrated? END
START what was the demonstrators' nationality? END
START the protesters were unhappy with the pollution in what body of water? END
START where did the protest march start? END
START what ws the final day of the 19th party conference? END
START what did gorbachev hope to create? END
START what was gorbachev trying to separate? END
START what was the proposed legislative body called? END
START what was the ideology of gorbachev's opponents? END
START whose laws would take precedence according to the declaration of national sovereignty? END
START who claimed estonia's national resources? END
START what was the name of the group that made its platform known on october 2? END
START how many azerbaijanis died in the askeran clash? END
START when was the askeran clash? END
START who killed the two azerbaijanis? END
START what was triggered by the radio broadcast of the deaths? END
START how many were killed in the ensuing riots? END
START who did gorbachev make first secretary of the azerbaijan communist party in 1988? END
START who was first secretary prior to vezirov? END
START how many soldiers died on september 17? END
START people of what ethnicity were thrown out of shusha? END
START how long did the lenin square protest last? END
START where were the first demonstrations in armenia? END
START what is the capitol of armenia? END
START how many people protested on february 23? END
START what sort of strike was called? END
START what percentage of armenia's total population protested on february 25? END
START how many protesters died in the airport violence? END
START who banned the azerbaijani people from armenia? END
START who had been previously removed from azerbaijan? END
START who took charge of yerevan in november of 1988? END
START when did the democratic movement of moldova start operating? END
START which monument was a popular meeting place? END
START where was the stephen the great monument located? END
START what did the movement seek to make the official language of moldova? END
START what was moldova's previous name? END
START what group was responsible for the april 25, 1988 protest? END
START where did the march happen? END
START what did the marchers wish to commemorate?  END
START which group held secret milleneum of christianity celebrations? END
START in what city did the ukrainian cultural club have its millennium celebration? END
START how many people attended the lviv rally? END
START where was the dispersal attempt made? END
START who tried to stop the rally? END
START who led the millennium celebration in zarvanytsia? END
START who wanted to break up the celebration? END
START what is the english translation of zelenyi svit? END
START what sort of issues were zenlenyi svit and noosfera concerned with? END
START what sort of organization is spadschnyna?  END
START what did people gather to observe on december 10th? END
START when did the partyja bdf start? END
START who found mass graves? END
START what is pazniak's occupation? END
START where were the graves found? END
START in addition to the police who did the bdf often have conflicts with? END
START what was elected in 1989? END
START who was questioned on live tv? END
START where was the communist government overthrown first? END
START when did the berlin wall get torn down? END
START what did eastern european people want to do with communism? END
START what percentage of people voted on march 26? END
START how many constituencies had run-off elections? END
START how many cpsu endorsement having candidates lost to independents? END
START who used the legislative session to debate and criticize? END
START who made up the inter-regional deputies group? END
START when did yeltsin acquire a seat on the supreme soviet? END
START what did the communist party lose on october 25, 1989 with regards to elections? END
START who voted to get rid of the special seats? END
START when did congress meet to ratify the amendment to remove special election seats? END
START what year did the prague spring take place? END
START what happened to prague and hungary's attempts at independence? END
START under what doctrine was the soviet union required to intervene in the warsaw pact states? END
START other than being expensive what was wrong with the brezhnev doctrine? END
START what is the nickname for gorbachev's new doctrine? END
START how many people were involved in the baltic chain? END
START how long was the chain? END
START what states did the chain extend over? END
START what anniversary did the chain take place on? END
START what part of europe was split up by the pact? END
START who was in charge of lithuania's communist party in 1989 END
START what party did  lithuania's communist party break apart from? END
START who was in charge of the loyalist faction? END
START what place's control was the communist party of lithuania out from under after the split? END
START who visited with the hope of bringing back the communist party of lithuania to the soviet party? END
START when was abulfaz elchibey elected to chairman of the popular front? END
START how many protesters filled lenin square on august 19th? END
START what did the protesters want? END
START what did the popular front do to armenian railways? END
START what shortages were caused by the blockade? END
START how much freight into armenia originated in azerbaijan?  END
START when was the sovereignty law passed? END
START what in jalilibad was taken over by the popular front? END
START what did the protesters want georgia to leave? END
START what did the protesters hope to see become a part of georgia? END
START how many people died in the april 9 attack? END
START what happened to georgian politics as a result of the attack? END
START what is commemorated on january 22 in ukraine? END
START what is a moleben? END
START where was the moleben held? END
START what were people protesting in kiev during the last part of february? END
START who did the protesters want to resign?  END
START what was scherbytsky's nickname? END
START who visited the ukraine while the protests were taking place? END
START how many people attended the service in lviv? END
START what ideology's victims were being honored by the memorial society? END
START how many people from the pre-election meeting in lviv were detained? END
START members of what ideology were more heavily elected to the union congress of people's deputies? END
START how many deputies were elected? END
START how many people attended the lviv pre-election meetings? END
START how long did the warning strike last? END
START where did the strike take place? END
START prior to the warning strike when was the last labor strike in lviv? END
START at what sight was the bykivnia meeting held? END
START what were the hunger strikers hoping to draw attention to? END
START when did the lviv regional memorial society have its first conference? END
START how many people attended the services in western ukraine? END
START what were the protesters on september 2 demonstrating against? END
START how many protesters were there in lviv? END
START who was put in charge of the people's movement of ukraine? END
START where did the people's movement hold its founding congress? END
START how many people demonstrated on october 1? END
START who attacked the protest? END
START where did the attack occur? END
START what was happening in the stadium at the time? END
START prior to the october 20 synod, when was the last one held in lviv? END
START how many factories had strikes on october 26? END
START where were the strikes? END
START what were the strikes in protest against? END
START what was made ukraine's official language in 1990? END
START who decided ukraine's official language? END
START for what reason would the russian be spoken? END
START where was the january 2 memorial service? END
START when was the shevchenko ukrainian language society made official? END
START the three human rights activists reburied november 19th were prisoners where? END
START where was gulag camp no. 36 located? END
START where were the activists reburied? END
START who met with gorbachev on november 22? END
START what did the belorussians wish to be cleaned up? END
START where did the chernobyl disaster occur? END
START when did the chernobyl disaster happen? END
START what symbol did the protesters wear on their arms? END
START how was the weather during the protest? END
START who went to the fergana valley to restore order? END
START where is the fergana valley located? END
START who were targeted by the local uzbeks? END
START who was fired from first secretary position by gorbachev?  END
START who replaced nishonov? END
START where was the fatal june 19th riots? END
START who were the rioters? END
START what did the rioters try to take over? END
START how many towns had riots of their own following the initial riots? END
START what was attacked in mangishlak? END
START which two groups saw increasing ethnic conflicts in 1988? END
START who was killed in the january 9 riots? END
START how many people died in the soviet response to the clashes? END
START what were the january incidents called? END
START how many soviet troops occupied baku? END
START what party's candidates were murdered in the september 30 elections? END
START how many members were from opposition parties? END
START how many total members were there? END
START who was elected to be chairman in may? END
START how many miles long was the human chain? END
START who organized this chain? END
START what country's independence were the chain members celebrating? END
START when had the ukrainian greek-catholic church been broken up by the soviets? END
START in 1990 which party had most of the election victories? END
START who was voted to get their cathedral back in 1990? END
START what party was formed from the dissolved ukrainian helsinki union? END
START what was the first day that the new parliament met? END
START who became the new patriarch of the uaoc in 1990? END
START who was elected to be the new deputy general secretary of the communist part of the soviet union in july? END
START how long did it take parliament to accept ivashko's resignation? END
START how many parliament members voted against the declaration on state sovereignty of ukraine? END
START who would succeed ivashko as the chairman of parliament? END
START what did parliament vote to shut down in august? END
START where was the august 9 liturgy held? END
START prior to the september 8th rally when was the last youth for christ rally held? END
START how many people attended the youth for christ rally? END
START where was the uaoc protest held? END
START who were in the cathedral at the time of the protest? END
START what had aleksei and filaret been up to at the time of the protest? END
START what was attacked by soviet troops on january 13? END
START where was the tv tower located? END
START what were the soviets hoping to stop? END
START how many civilians died in the attack? END
START what was attacked by russians on july 31? END
START what was gorbachev attempting to decentralize?  END
START what was supposed to be signed on august 20? END
START who supported the treaty? END
START what would have maintained power if the treaty was signed? END
START what did radicals want to change the economy to? END
START what were they prepared to have happen to the soviet union in order to get a market economy? END
START what was yeltsin president of? END
START whose control were regional authorities hoping to do away with? END
START who arrived to protect the white house? END
START who did the organizers want to arrest? END
START where was yeltsin during the coup? END
START what was yeltsin doing on the tank? END
START what tv channel carried the broadcast of the coup? END
START where was the secret meeting of the leaders? END
START what was signed at the secret meeting in balarus? END
START when was the meeting held? END
START what was formed to replace the soviet union? END
START what was coming to an end? END
START when were the belavezha accords ratified? END
START who ratified the accords? END
START who was recalled? END
START who showed signs that he was considering resigning his position? END
START which republic did not sign the alma-ata protocol? END
START how many of the former republics had representatives sign the protocol? END
START what did the protocol establish? END
START what was dissolved by the protocol? END
START which news organization did gorbachev talk to about his resignation plans?  END
START when did gorbachev resign? END
START who was given control after gorbachev left? END
START what was russia's new legal name? END
START what was the russian federations previous legal name? END
START what went down after gorbachev departed from the kremlin? END
START what replaced the soviet flag? END
START when did gorbachev make his final kremlin exit? END
START what was declared as having ceased to exist? END
START what body also stopped existing following a vote by itself to end itself? END
START which country took over the soviet union's un membership? END
START what made russia the successor state to the ussr? END
START who wrote the letter to the un secretary general informing them that russia would be replacing the ussr? END
START what was the date on the yeltsin letter? END
START when did the un accept the statement? END
START who was set up as patriarch of kiev and all ukraine on the 18th of november? END
START who gave mstyslav this title? END
START who was the canadian consul-general to kiev? END
START what country made john stepanchuk its consul-general to kiev? END
START how long lasting was the pact between kravchuk and yeltsin? END
START who was the person that tried jesus? END
START how long was jesus hung for? END
START what did the sign say on top of jesus' cross? END
START what was done to make sure jesus was dead? END
START how many statements did jesus make on the cross? END
START who did pontius pilate believe that he was? END
START what did soldiers do to christians as a punishment? END
START what is one thing that pilate used to drink? END
START what did pilate take from jesus after winning a bet? END
START how many statements did the romans make about christians? END
START what is one of the historical certain facts about jesus? END
START do non-christians agree that the crucifixion happened? END
START is the exact reason known that jesus got crucified for? END
START who said the crucifixion of jesus is firmly established. END
START who said the baptism of jesus was univeral assent? END
START what kind of confirmation is there about the life of pontius pilate? END
START what do eddy and boyd believe about pilate and and how he shaped the life of the jewish people? END
START how many trials had pilate presided over before jesus? END
START what does the crucifixion of jesus mean for understanding the life of pilate? END
START why did pilate decide to turn jesus over to the jews? END
START are all sources of the crucification literary? END
START what evidence was found that crucifixion did happen? END
START who was the crucified man discovered in an archaeological find? END
START when was ben hagkol crucified? END
START what institution holds a heel bone with a spike inserted? END
START when did the romans first take the city of hagkol? END
START what year was the israel museum established? END
START what discovery was made northeast of the city of hagkol? END
START what was the average age of roman soldiers? END
START what did the romans keep as a deterrent to others who would revolt? END
START what holds the records of the death of jesus? END
START what part of the bible references the death of jesus? END
START how many times did jesus predict his own death? END
START what part of jesus' life is detailed in these gospels? END
START how detailed is the description of jesus' death? END
START what part of the bible was written later than the old testament? END
START how many scholars did it take to translate the new testament? END
START how quickly were scholars able to interpret and translate the bible? END
START what do scholars have to overcome when meeting bias about discussing jesus? END
START how did scholars treat the bible when trying to accurately translate it? END
START where was jesus arrested? END
START what did jesus do before he was arrested? END
START how many apostles were there at the last supper? END
START how was jesus tortured before he was crucified? END
START what was placed on jesus' head? END
START what city was the sanhedrin located in? END
START who appointed the sanhedrin to office to form a judicial body? END
START in front of what judicial body did the twelve apostles stand trial? END
START what group handed the twelve apostles over for crucifixion? END
START what was a punishment given to the twelve apostles? END
START what was jesus offered to drink after his arrest? END
START how many hours did jesus endure crucifixion? END
START how many accounts are there of jesus' last words? END
START who removed jesus from the cross? END
START what was offered to the two thieves to drink? END
START did the two thieves drink the wine or refuse it? END
START how many statements did the two thieves make after being crucified? END
START where were the two thieves buried after they died from crucifixion? END
START who was related to the two thieves that were crucified? END
START what detail of jesus's crucifiction was only found in matthew's gospel? END
START which gospel mentioned the time of crucifiction? END
START who did jesus talk to in the gospel of luke? END
START what gospel talks about breaking jesus' legs? END
START what prophecy was fulfilled by the piercing of jesus' side? END
START what time did the romans decide to guard the tomb of jesus? END
START who did the roman soldiers speak to when they were in mourning? END
START what did one roman soldier do to chastise the other? END
START what did the roman soldiers do to celebrate their victory? END
START what did the romans use when one of their soldiers had an injury? END
START which epistle details the raising of jesus? END
START which writing detailed jesus' appearance before ascension? END
START how long did jesus stay with the apostles per the acts of the apostles? END
START what day is accounted in the gospel of luke as the ascension? END
START who wrote both accounts of the crucifixion and ascension? END
START where did st. luke go after he died? END
START how many days had luke been an apostle? END
START how many people saw jesus when he was first seen after his crucifixion? END
START who was the first apostle to see jesus afte he was raised from the dead? END
START how often do scholars need to revise what they have written about the bible? END
START who was crucified with jesus per mark? END
START how does mark say jesus' life ends? END
START what natural disaster is mention when jesus died? END
START what does luke say one of the rebels does? END
START how does luke make jesus seem at his crucifixion? END
START how long were the two rebels hanging on crosses? END
START how was one criminal treated when crucified compared to the other? END
START what did one of the criminals do before he died from being crucified? END
START what happened to the clothes one of the criminals was wearing? END
START how did the criminals react to their own crucifixion? END
START where can an early non-christian reference be found to the crucifixion? END
START what is the author of the letter assumed to be? END
START what does the letter reference? END
START other than jesus, who was one of the wisemen? END
START does everyone agree with the content of the letter? END
START who did socrates write a letter to about the crucifixion? END
START when did socrates write a letter to his son about the crucifixion? END
START what religion is socrates presumed to follow? END
START who was socrates referring to in his letter according to pythagoras? END
START how much value did pythagoras place in the crucifixion? END
START what day is presumed the crucifixion happened? END
START why do some scholars propose a thursday is possible? END
START why do some other scholars argue that it happened on a wednesday? END
START how long was jesus said to be in the tomb? END
START was jesus in the tomb exactly 72 hours? END
START on what day is it thought the first part of the new testament was written? END
START what other two days could the new testament could have been written? END
START why would some scholars believe the beginning of the new testament was written on thursday? END
START what other day is believed the first part of the new testament was written on instead of friday? END
START during what period was the beginning of the new testament written? END
START what time was the crucifiction per mark? END
START what time did jesus die per mark? END
START why do scholars say the times are different depending on the gospel it's written in? END
START what is another reason the times differ so much? END
START how close was time guessed in the day of the gospels? END
START what time did pilate hold court in the morning? END
START what did pilate call for to make it easier to tell time? END
START during what time period was pilate avaliable to be seen? END
START what did pilate want with the roman empire? END
START what was rejected by rome when pilate brought reconciliation to the table? END
START who described an interaction between jesus on the cross and women? END
START what did jesus say to women in the crowd? END
START where are the words found in the gospel? END
START what followed jesus around? END
START what was the ground like where jesus was crucified? END
START what did the women gather to keep themselves warm? END
START what color did some women in jerusalem like to wear? END
START what did jesus do when he felt sorrow for jerusalem? END
START what high area is usually green when new grass grows? END
START where was jesus crucified? END
START where was the location of the crucifixion detailed? END
START what was one reason calvary was chosen? END
START what is rumored to be found in calvary? END
START what is a reason the place was called calvary? END
START what language did most romans know how to speak? END
START where did the romans usually speak aramaic? END
START what did romans do with aramaic after they began speaking latin? END
START on top of what formation was the roman empire located? END
START what type of punishment did most people suffer who were buried in a nearby cemetery? END
START matthew described that who was present at the crucifixion? END
START the three gospels speak of the presence of which priests? END
START how many people were crucified with jesus? END
START who kept watch over jesus? END
START name one other group present at the crucifixion? END
START who were the women keeping watch over according to his acquanitances? END
START how many acquaintances are named in the gospels? END
START what had the scribes and elders been assembled for according to the women? END
START where were the elders standing when jesus was crucified? END
START what was the attidude of the scribes when watching the crucifixion? END
START what kind of cross is generally believed that jesus was crucified on? END
START what cross do jehovah witnesses claim jesus was crucified on? END
START what causes the different accounts of the cross used? END
START what latin word was used to describe the cross used? END
START why was there doubt about the latin word? END
START what terms did jehovah's witnesses use to describe a cross? END
START what is the definition of koine? END
START what objects were the word gibbet also applied to? END
START what is the nature of the words jehovah's witnesses use to describe wood? END
START what language did jehovah's witnesses base their religious writings on? END
START what epistle described the cross? END
START who says with certainty that the cross was made out of two beams? END
START why was that type of cross important? END
START how many ends did the cross supposedly have? END
START how is one attached to the cross? END
START in what year was barnabas born? END
START what numeric value did the significance of the lamb have? END
START for how long was the greek alphabet used? END
START what did barnabas use to build a cross with? END
START how many times had irenaeus seen a roasted lamb? END
START how many nails were suggested they used for the crucifixion? END
START according to some sources, what is theorized to be the maximum nails used? END
START what adds to the confusion of the number of nails used? END
START what do all artworks have in common regarding the crucifixion? END
START jesuits claim how many nails were used? END
START how many paintings have been made about the crucifixion? END
START before the renaissance where did jesuits usually place their art? END
START what artistic medium was appreciated by romans? END
START there were 14 western churches before what period? END
START what are romans usually depicted in? END
START where were the nails placed? END
START who claims the hands were pierced? END
START the romans tried to affix by avoiding what? END
START what other location is offered by the greek? END
START what other way to affix to the cross is there? END
START do theories say if destot's bones were fractured? END
START what bones are the radius and ulna located between? END
START what did destot use instead of nails to avoid fracturing bones? END
START what was the nationality of destot? END
START what other location does destot believe was used for crucifixion? END
START what was said to be used as a platform for crucifixion? END
START why was a platform used? END
START who considered this topic in the 17th century? END
START who performed crucifixion experiments in the 20th century to test theories? END
START who also used suspension as a form of punishment? END
START in what century did rasmos bartholin perform crucifixion experiments? END
START what was the occupation of rasmus bartholin? END
START what was an aufbinden used for to support the feet in crucifixion? END
START who did bartholin hang in his experiments on crucifixion in the 20th century? END
START what did bartholin use to hang human subjects during crucifixion experiments? END
START what psalm gives the words of jesus on the cross? END
START what contradiction is found in this psalm? END
START what was the psalm said to be in jesus' time? END
START how do the other gospels describe jesus' last words? END
START how does the sentence appear to historians? END
START what kind of writing did geza vermes usually produce? END
START what language did geza vermes study while in school? END
START what language was learned by geza vermes when he was a child? END
START how did raymond brown describe the effect jesus had on society? END
START does geza vermes believe that there is a valid argument against the existence of jesus? END
START as what was the event mistaken by some pagans? END
START why was a solar eclipse impossible? END
START which greek historian wrote about these natural occurrences? END
START who reigned rome during the crucifixion of jesus? END
START what other event supposedly took place that shook people? END
START in what year was the first known solar eclipse? END
START during what event was phlegon born? END
START what jewish feast day was first celebrated in the 2nd century ad? END
START what did origen believe he witnessed when he wrote about it in the 2nd century ad? END
START during who's rule did origen write about an eclipse? END
START which historian was referenced for the reports? END
START what event did thallus describe? END
START what day do hebrews celebrate passover? END
START when does the passion of jesus fall? END
START where were these events documented? END
START for how many years had the romans kept archives? END
START where did africanus believe that the recording of the date of passover was documented? END
START what was the occupation of africanus? END
START his book of history was tertullian's what in a series of books written? END
START when did the romans begin their rule of jerusalem? END
START what is recently considered the type of eclipse that occurred? END
START how long would a lunar eclipse be visible? END
START what person possibly made a mistake while copying text? END
START which historian says this opinion is indefensible? END
START what inconsistency would be found in this explanation? END
START what university is david henige employed by? END
START what event did david henige believe might have happened instead of a solar eclipse? END
START for how many minutes did david henige belive the lunar eclipse would be visible? END
START what city was henige originally from? END
START what does colin humphreys dismiss the explanation as? END
START who created the account of jesus? END
START who amended the account at a later date? END
START what prompts darkness over the land in old literary works? END
START what ethnicity are these literary works mostly? END
START who describes the idea of an eclipse as totally wrong? END
START what does philo believe those who take the image of darkness literally are doing? END
START what prompted philo to become a writer? END
START what did philo not intend to happen after someone read his writings? END
START what nationality was dio cassius? END
START what group of readers would have read works by geza vermes? END
START who wrote the crucifixion of jesus? END
START what did frederick zugibe study in detail for this book? END
START how did zugibe try to prove his theories? END
START what kind of experiments did zugibe run? END
START what specifics were recorded in his experiments? END
START what book was written by volunteers? END
START what did volunteers study to write the book about jesus' crucifixion? END
START how did volunteers study how jesus died? END
START in what way did volunteers hang zugibe during the experiments? END
START what did volunteers find increased in zugibe depending on if his feet were secured? END
START what do christians believe regarding jesus' death? END
START how are people united with god? END
START what specific fact do christians believe about death? END
START jesus's resurrection fills believer with what? END
START what feeling usually fills a believer regarding the resurrection? END
START what is one thing people need to have to gain employment? END
START what kind of music do christians often have during church service? END
START who do christians believe created the universe? END
START what is one thing that people are afraid of? END
START what is one thing you need to have in your house to see at night? END
START what book details the submission of jesus to being crucified? END
START why did jesus accept crucifixion. END
START what theme is central is the gospel of john in resurrection? END
START how is resurrection detailed in the book of revelations? END
START what is another name for jesus given? END
START why did johannine accept who would be saved? END
START what book was written by john the baptist? END
START what sacrifice did john the baptist make as an agent of? END
START what did john the baptist want to take away? END
START what did johannine believe he was not? END
START who's christology focuses on the death and resurrection? END
START how is the crucifixion related to the resurrection per paul? END
START what term does paul use for the gospels? END
START paul claims the resurrection was needed for what reason? END
START how does paul view the resurrection of jesus? END
START at what time is it believed paul wrote 1 corinthians? END
START by what plan did paul write some of the gospels? END
START when have cosmic events usually happened? END
START what is the birth of jesus thought to be in history? END
START why is it believed that paul was born? END
START what did john calvin claim jesus could have done? END
START why did jesus submit to crucifixion? END
START the eastern church believes what regarding the death and ressurection? END
START what did jesus's death accomplish per the eastern church? END
START what is the blood of the lamb? END
START what kind of christology was supported by karl rahner? END
START what did karl rahner believe jesus could have successfully argued for? END
START according to rahner how did jesus submit during his trial? END
START how did john calvin believe the crucifixion was determined? END
START what was the blood of jesus similar to according to john calvin? END
START what does jesus' death and resurrection support? END
START how important is jesus' death to modern theology? END
START did jesus sacrifice himself without fighting? END
START why did jesus sacrifice himself? END
START what church is the sacrifice important to? END
START according to the moral influence theory, jesus death is how important? END
START what kind of obedience do those believe in moral influence theory believe jesus went to his death in? END
START what do moral influence theorists believe god thought of jesus's sacrifice? END
START since what period in time has the roman catholic church existed? END
START what kind of substitution do moral influence theorists believe jesus's death particularly was? END
START who was present under the cross? END
START what symbol is popular in marian art? END
START which pope claims mary was present at jesus' crucifixion? END
START who painted the mond crucifixion. END
START who was responsible for the art names "his entombment"? END
START what kind of medal did raphael put in one of his paintings? END
START what pope did caravaggio crate a portrait of? END
START what was pope john paul ii wearing in his portrait? END
START who did caravaggio believe mary was united to on the cross? END
START what famous artist worked for pope john paul ii? END
