START which philosophy branch is concerned with issues surrounding ontology? END
START the philosophy of space and time was inspired by what kind of philosophy? END
START the  philosophy of space and time focuses on whether or not time and space exist independently of what? END
START the  philosophy of space and time focuses what kind of flow within time?  END
START what philosophy does ontology concern? END
START what was the study of space and time inspired by? END
START what does not change over time? END
START the flow within what is multidirectional? END
START who expounded the earliest recorded western philosophy of time? END
START when do the vedas date back to? END
START which philosophies are the vedas oriented with? END
START what do the vedas describe? END
START how long is the cycle of rebirth discussed in the vedas? END
START what was first recorded in the 26th century bc. END
START who warned people not to increase the time o following desire? END
START what is the name of the earliest egyptian texts? END
START what texts date to 2000 bc? END
START how long did the greeksd think a cyle of time was? END
START which christian philosopher ruminated on time? END
START what did st. augustine comment on in book 11, regarding thinking about time? END
START who presented the first philosophical argument for the reality of creation?  END
START what did augustine say that the knowledge of time depended on? END
START where did augustine say time could not appear? END
START who deiscusses the nature of time in his first book? END
START what does st augustine think common speech adiquetly describes? END
START what did aristotle present the first philisophical argument for? END
START who said time exists everywhere? END
START which 11th century muslim physicist discussed space perception and its epistemological implications?  END
START which 11th century book discussed space perception and its epistemological implications? END
START whose definition of topos did alhazen reject? END
START alhazen's  experimental proof of the intromission model of vision led to the change of understanding of what? END
START alhazen stated that without tangible notions of distance and size for correlation, sight can tell us what about spatial perception? END
START who discussed space perceptions in the 1100's? END
START what book was written in the the 11th century about time? END
START who disputed al-haytham's definition of topos? END
START what did euclid and ptolemy tie the visual perception of space to? END
START who said vision is autonomious? END
START when did kant publish one of the most influential works in the history of the philosophy of space and time. END
START what was kant's influential work on the history of the philosophy of space and time titled? END
START what did kant describe time as? END
START what did kant say was similar notion to time? END
START what did kant say time and space allow one to do? END
START who published critique of pure reason in the 17th century? END
START who said priori notions allow us to comprehend time? END
START what does kant claim time and space are? END
START what does kant say we use as a framework to stucture time? END
START according mto can't what is an illusion? END
START what did leibniz argue against? END
START which principles did leibniz's arguments trade heavily upon? END
START leibnitz held that there is a reason that is sufficient to explain what and why it is the way it is and not otherwise for every what? END
START what states that if there is no way of telling two entities apart, then they are one and the same thing? END
START who's position does leibniz support? END
START what two principles did leibniz argue against? END
START what states that two things are not necessarily the same just because no difference can be identified? END
START leibniz's example involves how many universes? END
START where are leibniz's universes situated? END
START how far are leibniz's universes situated apart? END
START what is the only way leibniz's example would be possible? END
START who's example involves one universe in two places? END
START what does leibniz place at two points in deep space? END
START what proves the existence of absolute space? END
START what stood out in clark's response to leibniz? END
START according to clark's argument, water in a bucket, hung from a rope and spun, will begin with kind of surface? END
START as the buck spins, what happens to the water? END
START if the buck stops, the water will do what? END
START what is the surface of the water apparently not caused by? END
START who makes the bucket argument in response to clarke and newton? END
START what becomes flat as the bucket spins? END
START what does the bucket interact with to create the water surface? END
START what becomes flat when the bucket stops spinning? END
START leibniz describes space as existing only as a relation between what? END
START according to leibniz, what has no existence apart from the existence of objections? END
START what provides the absolute frame of reference within which objects can have motion? END
START in newton's system, how does the frame of reference exist between objects within it? END
START for how long did the evidence of a concave water surface hold authority in reference to space? END
START what does space exist independently from? END
START what exists as a relationship between space and objects? END
START what provides the absolute frame of refrence for space? END
START what is dependent on the frame of refrence in newtonian space? END
START what evidence still holds authority? END
START how did mach describe thought experiments like the bucket argument? END
START what is difficult to confirm about the bucket in the absence of anything else in the universe? END
START what was equally possible about the surface of the water in the bucket? END
START who expanded on thought experiments? END
START what can be confirmed about the bucket independent of other objects in the universe? END
START what could not remain flat in absolute space? END
START what did mach argue about the water experiment in an otherwise empty universe? END
START what did mach argue would happen if another object were introduce in the bucket's universe? END
START what does the increase in the number of objects in the universe do to the curvature of the water? END
START the mach argument is called what? END
START mach argued that the momentum of an object exists as a result of the sum of the effects of what? END
START who argued that the water experiment in an empty univers would never be flat? END
START what would need to be removed from the universe to prove that the bucket was moving? END
START what decreases as objects are added to the universe? END
START what principle argues that the momentum of an object is independent of other objects in the universe? END
START lbert einstein proposed that the laws of physics should be based on what principle? END
START the principle of relativity holds that the rules of physics must be the same for who? END
START in all reference frames, how is the the speed of light? END
START einstein's theory was motivated by who? END
START before einstein, speed was though to be relative to what? END
START who proposed  that the laws of physics where not dependent on relativity? END
START what did einstein agrue was dependent on the observers frame of refrence? END
START whatprinciples that light moves at different speeds depending on the refrence point? END
START what equation was motivated by einstein's theory? END
START in classical physics, an inertial reference frame is one in which an object without force does what? END
START what follows a geodesic of space-time? END
START an object in free fall does not experience what? END
START what holds an object standing on earth against the geodesic? END
START why will water become concave, according to the relativity theory? END
START what kind of frame includes objects that do not accelerate when force in applied to them? END
START what does an external frame of refrence follow? END
START what is not experienced by objects moving against a geodesic? END
START what is an object in free fall moving against? END
START what is experienced by objects in free-fall? END
START how does einstein advocate mach's principle? END
START how einstein's theory compared to leibniz's? END
START what is considered contrary to idealist beliefs in regards to space? END
START who advocates einstein's theory? END
START who's theory compliments leibniz? END
START what do idealist believe can not exist independent of the mind? END
START space and what have a dependent existence? END
START coordinative definition has how many major features? END
START the first feature of coordinative definition involves what? END
START what is the first feature motivated by? END
START the second feature of coordinative definition involves what? END
START sameness of length must be set how? END
START what definition states that units of length can not be coodinated with physical objects? END
START what measurment can be made independently? END
START what can be determined about two objects regardless of their distance from each other? END
START what is always equal rerdless of position? END
START how must diffrence of l;ength be set? END
START the symmetry group of the general theory of relativity includes what? END
START what else besides  invariance, or symmetry and group part ways in relativistic physics? END
START which theory does the relativity depart from? END
START what are not pair with transformations in the theory of relativity? END
START  the covariance group of the general theory of relativity is the covariance group of how many theories? END
START what groups do do not coincide in the classical case? END
START what groups coincide in relative physics? END
START what is absolute according to the theory of relativity? END
START what theory does relativity coincide with? END
START how many contradictory facts does the problem of the direction of time arise from? END
START what kind of physical laws are time-reversal invariant? END
START if if a cinematographic film were taken by means of physical  laws and then played backwards, it would still portray what? END
START how is our experience of time at the macro level? END
START what do we not have memories of? END
START what laws are time-reversal variant? END
START what do we experience as time-reversal invariant? END
START what can we influence besides the future? END
START how are things in statistical mechanics?  END
START what are superior to classical thermodynamics? END
START in order to explain glass breaking, fundamental laws of physics can be paired with what?  END
START is statistical mechanics asymmetric or symmetric in regards to time-reversal? END
START what kind of law is the second law of thermodynamics, as it arises in statistical mechanics? END
START what type of mechanics help to simplify things? END
START what is superior to statistical mechanics? END
START what thermodynamic behavior can not be explained by the fundemental laws of physics? END
START what is an abso;ute law in statistical mechanics? END
START what does the third type of solution to the problem of the direction of time argue? END
START what is are kind of nuclear force is not time-reversibile? END
START time asymmetric phenomena in quantum mechanics are to few to account what kind of time-asymmetry? END
START what does the thirs solution argue is time-reversal symmetric? END
START what processes in quantum mechanics are reversable? END
START what asymmetric phenomena are common in quantum mechanics? END
START who argues that the fundamental laws of physics are laws of temporal evolution? END
START maudlin argues that the passage of time is what kind of asymmetry? END
START what grounds the distinction between sequences? END
START whose suggestion is difficult to assess in regards to the direction of time? END
START who oposses the laws solution? END
START who says that the laws of physics are not laws of temporal evolution? END
START what does maudlin claim time is not in the structure of the world? END
START what does the symetry in the temoral structure of the world ground? END
START who started the discussion within analytic philosophy on the problem of the flow of time? END
START how many "temporal series" did mctaggart propose? END
START what was mctaggart's first series called? END
START the a-series orders events according to their being in the past, present or future and in comparison to what else? END
START what is mctaggart's second series called? END
START who created a problem with the flow of time? END
START what orders events according to their existance in the past, present or future? END
START what implements refrences to the past? END
START according to what theory is time an ordering of various realities? END
START presentism states that at a certain time some things do what? END
START who believes that time is a dimension of reality on a par with the three spatial dimensions END
START according to an eternalist, what can be said to be just as real as things in the present? END
START according to the eternalist theory, what must we use to describe homer? END
START what states time is the existance of various relities? END
START what states all things have either always existed or not END
START what do eterialist say time is independent of? END
START what is more real according to eternalists? END
START how similar are the positions on the persistence of objects? END
START who holds  that for an object to persist through time is for it to exist completely at different times? END
START who holds for a thing to exist through time is for it to exist as a continuous reality? END
START which view is seen as conventional? END
START who is an example of a perdurantist? END
START who says that objects existin incompletely in the past present and future? END
START who states that an object must in different realities? END
START what does endurantism take account of the change in? END
START what says that when we talk to a person we are talking to part of a cross-temeporal being? END
START how can asymmetry of causation be observed? END
START how many features of asymmetry in the cup example can be viewed? END
START asymmetry is attributable to a relation of what kind of direction? END
START what else, besides direction, is asymmetry attributable to? END
START what can be observed in an arbitrary way? END
START how many examples of symetry can be observed in the cup example? END
START symmetry is atributable to a ralationship of what kind of direction? END
START what else besides direction is symmetry attributed to? END
START what era is commonly known as the final phase of the stone age? END
START what era preceded the neolithic? END
START what event is associated with the start of farming? END
START what era saw an increase in metal tool use? END
START what era is commonly called as the final phase of the copper age? END
START what era preceded the stone age? END
START what event is associated with the start of animals? END
START what era saw an increase in metal animal use? END
START what is a progression of farming? END
START what time period marks the start of neolithic culture? END
START where did the neolithic culture begin? END
START what food item was the key to the evolution of farming? END
START what era lasted between 12,000 and 10,200 bc? END
START what time period marks the start of farming culture? END
START where did the dryas culture begin? END
START what food item was the key to the evolution of culture? END
START what era lasted between 13,000 and 8,800 bc? END
START what are thought to have forced people to develop culture? END
START what objects were not used by early farm societies in the near east ? END
START what did the use of pottery help early japanese societies develop? END
START what trend led to parts of the world developing their own local neolithic cultures? END
START what objects were not used by early farm societies in africa? END
START what did the use of pottery help early african societies develop? END
START what trend led to parts of the world developing their own african cultures? END
START who used pottery before developing events? END
START where did independent domestication events lead to their own cultures? END
START when did the the neolithic 1 (ppna) period start? END
START where is the göbekli tepe temple located? END
START who built the göbekli tepe temple? END
START what is the name of earliest man made place of worship? END
START when did the neolithic 1 (ppna) period end? END
START where is the gilgal located? END
START who built the gilgal? END
START what is the name of earliest man made pillar? END
START when was the earliest man made pillar built? END
START when did the the neolithic 2 (ppnb) era start? END
START what era followed the  the neolithic 2 (ppnb) era? END
START how many settlers were found in jordan? END
START what is the name of one of the biggest prehistoric settlements in the near east? END
START when did the neolithic 2 (ppnb) era end? END
START what era preceded the neolithic 2 (ppnb) era? END
START how many settlers were founded in the ppna? END
START what is the name of one of the biggest prehistoric settlements the ppna? END
START when was amman continuously inhabited? END
START when did the pre-pottery neolithic a (ppna)  phase start? END
START when was a settlement developed in tell qaramel? END
START how many temples were built in tell qaramel? END
START what was the name of the town that first appeared during the ppna? END
START what materials were used to build the wall around jericho? END
START when did the pre-pottery neolithic a (ppna) phase end? END
START when was a settlement developed in ppna? END
START what was teh name of the town that first appeared during the tell qaramel? END
START how many temples were built in ppna? END
START what materials were used to build the wall around ppna? END
START what are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology into ten periods? END
START what traits did researchers use to divide the ten periods? END
START when was the original division of 10 advanced to a division of 5? END
START what are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology into five periods? END
START what are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology into nine periods?  END
START what traits did researchers use to divide the nine periods? END
START when was the original division of 9 advanced to a division of 5? END
START what are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology in to four periods? END
START who advanced the idea of a final stage between the ppna and ppnb? END
START when did the domestication of sheep first appear in egypt? END
START how did egyptians gather food before raising livestock? END
START what region do some scholars see as the source for egypt's start in agriculture? END
START when did the domestication of sheep first appear in the middle east? END
START how did egyptians gather food before raising crops? END
START what region do some scholars see as the source for the near east's start in agriculture? END
START who suggests that these subsistence changes were due to farmers migrating? END
START what do other scholars say that the primary stimulus for states came from? END
START when did agrarian societies start to arise in southeast europe? END
START where was one of earliest farming sites in europe found? END
START what type of sculptures were found in the balkans from 6000 bc? END
START what trend led to neolithic traditions spreading to northwestern europe by around 4500 bc?  END
START who possibly created the earliest system of writing? END
START when did agrarian societies start to arrive in malta? END
START where was one of the earliest farming sites in malta located? END
START what type of sculptures were found in the balkans from 6,500 bc? END
START what trend led to neolithic traditions spreading to northwestern europe by around 6,500 bc? END
START who possibly created the earliest system of dolmens? END
START when was the earliest known asian farm site found in south korea? END
START what time period was the korean farm site dated? END
START what items were found on the korean farm site? END
START what technology will researchers use to measure a more accurate time period for the farm site? END
START when was the earliest known asian farm site found in the ams? END
START what time period was the ams farm site dated? END
START what items were found on the ams farm site? END
START what technology will researchers use to measure a more accurate discovery for the farm site? END
START when did researchers discover prehistoric plants? END
START what major trends appeared in mesoamerica during 4500 bc? END
START what term is used to describe the mid-late neolithic era in american education? END
START what term is used to describe the early neolithic era in american education? END
START what hunting weapon was found in the southwestern us during  500 to 1200 c.e.? END
START what major trends appeared in mesoamerica during 11,000 bc? END
START what term is used to describe the mid-late neolithic era in asian education? END
START what term is used to describe the early neolithic era in asian education? END
START what hunting weapon was found in the southwestern us during 1200 to 500 bc? END
START when was there a dramatic increase in turkeys? END
START what social groups were formed during the neolithic age of eurasia? END
START what cultural trend did not first appear in large amounts until the bronze age? END
START what type of cultures preceded neolithic societies? END
START what social groups were formed during the neolithic age of norte? END
START what cultural trend did not first appear in large amounts until the eurasian age? END
START what type of cultures preceded norte societies? END
START what were more hierarchical than norte cultures? END
START when did states evolve in norte? END
START what caused a major increase in social inequality? END
START what started competition between families for wealth? END
START who was in possession of large herds that would produce more livestock? END
START what settlement featured equal sized homes with little evidence of capital? END
START what caused a major increase in homes? END
START what started competition between the catal huyuk for wealth? END
START who was in possession of large herds that would produce more wealth? END
START what settlement featured equal sized homes with little evidence of animals? END
START what resulted in inequalities of homes? END
START what was the cultural aspect was the major center of life? END
START what time period were the huge circular ditches found in? END
START what did the ditches later evolve into? END
START what features about the ditches suggests that it was built by people under a leader's command? END
START what time period were the huge individuals found in? END
START what did the individuals later involve into? END
START what features about the individuals suggests that it was built by people under a leader's command? END
START what excavations revealed that families were building circular ditches? END
START what do families suggest? END
START where was evidence of fortified settlements found? END
START what did some villages fortify their settlements with? END
START what tools were seen as evidence of violence among settlements? END
START what site in talheim suggests violent warfare in the neolithic era? END
START where was evidence of fortified lifestyles found? END
START what did some villages fortify their lifestyles with? END
START what tools were seen as evidence of ditches among settlements? END
START what site in talheim suggests violent warfare in the paleolithic era? END
START what did neollithic people have? END
START what production trait existed in tribal groups that were controlled by charismatic leaders? END
START what theory describes the implied egalitarianism of neolithic societies? END
START what type of disagreement existed in tribal groups that were controlled by charismatic leaders? END
START what production trait existed in tribal groups that were controlled by neolithic leaders? END
START what theory describes the implied egalitarianism of labor societies? END
START what type of disagreement existed in tribal groups that were controlled by neolithic groups? END
START what is a theory that has explained the egalitarianism of labor societies? END
START what is there evidence of? END
START what lifestyle element changed significantly from the paleolithic to the neolithic era? END
START what era consisted of people living temporary homes? END
START what type of homes were built in the neolithic era? END
START what societal trend was the cause of permanent homes? END
START where were entrances located in early homes? END
START what era consisted of people living on roofs? END
START what type of homes were built in the paleolithic era? END
START what societal trend was the cause of mats? END
START where were entrances located in early ladders? END
START what made ladders possible? END
START what trend led to a major shift in the livelihoods of early cultures? END
START what behavior did humans rely on to survive before agriculture? END
START what era saw an increase in permanently settled farming towns? END
START what trend led to a major shift in the livelihoods of early towns? END
START what behavior did humans rely on to survive before the bronze age? END
START what era saw an increase in permanent crop fields? END
START what was brought about by crop rotating? END
START what had larger populations that were sustained by labor? END
START what were the causes of famine in early farm towns? END
START what type of societies were not affected by famine? END
START what type of societies were usually still successful after dealing with famine? END
START what were the causes of cultivation in early farm towns? END
START what type of societies were not affected by cultivation? END
START what type of societies were usually still successful after dealing with cultivation? END
START what continued without shortages? END
START what could sensitivity to cultivation be? END
START what food related trend was significant in the new agrarian societies? END
START what forms of availability dictated pre-agrarian diets? END
START what was included in the post-agrarian diet? END
START what forced the need to supplement food supply with hunting and gathering? END
START what food related trend was significant in restricted societies? END
START what forms of availability dictated local diets? END
START what was included in the local diet? END
START what forced the need to supplement food supply with nutrition? END
START what did local diets vary by? END
START what type of occupation were neolithic people considered to be proficient at? END
START what purposes were the production of farm tools used for? END
START what types of tools did early farmers use for crops? END
START what types of tools did early farmers use for food production? END
START what tool allowed early farmers to convert forest into arable land? END
START what type of occupation were manufacturers considered to be proficient at? END
START what purposes were the production of statuettes used for? END
START what types of tools did early farmers use for shelter? END
START what tool allowed early manufacturers to convert forest into arable land? END
START what did neolithic people use mud-brick to build? END
START what scenes did the paintings on homes depict? END
START what were european homes constructed from? END
START what types of sites were built for the deceased? END
START where do thousands of early tombs still exist? END
START what did european people use mud-brick to build? END
START what scenes did the people on homes depict? END
START what were syrian homes constructed from? END
START what types of sites were built for the animals? END
START where do thousands of early humans still exist? END
START what did early humans use to make clothing? END
START what evidence suggested that humans used animal products for clothing? END
START what were perforated stones used for? END
START what famous figure of the copper age wore clothes similar to the neolithic era? END
START what did early humans use to make bones? END
START what evidence suggested that humans used copperl products for clothing? END
START what were perforated antlers used for? END
START what famous figure of the copper age wore clothes similar to the copper age? END
START what might have become available during the copper age? END
START in which nation was friedrich hayek born? END
START friedrich hayek name was commonly shortened to what? END
START what award did hayek receive in 1974? END
START with whom did hayek share his 1974 award? END
START along with being an economist, what else was hayek known as? END
START hayek became a member of which group in 1984? END
START for what reason was hayek inducted into the order? END
START what award was hayek the first to receive? END
START who awarded hayek the medal of freedom? END
START which of hayek's articles received recognition in 2011? END
START who was hayek's father? END
START what was august von hayek's occupation? END
START what was august von hayek particularly passionate about? END
START from whom did felicitas inherit her wealth? END
START how many children did august von hayek and his wife have? END
START who's occupation inspired hayek when he was older? END
START eugen bohm was friends with which of hayek's grandfathers? END
START what occupation did hayek's grandfather's have? END
START who was august von hayek's father? END
START what did august von hayek's father write? END
START who was among the first readers of ludwig  wittgenstein's book? END
START how often times did hayek and wittgenstein meet? END
START whose philosophy heavily influenced hayek? END
START what did wittgenstein and hayek do during the first world war? END
START what was the name of the book wittgenstein published in 1921? END
START what did hayek conclude regarding his brothers? END
START with whom did hayek more frequently converse? END
START prior to his schooling, what was the state of hayek's reading skills? END
START who told hayek he should begin reading hugo de vries works? END
START which philosopher did hayek learn about in a school lecture? END
START where did hayek acquire his doctorates? END
START where did hayek learn about the brain? END
START what was the name of hayek's first work? END
START where did first show his work? END
START with whom did hayek establish the geistkreis? END
START what work did hayek begin in 1923? END
START where did carl menger and friedrich von wieser influence hayek? END
START for whom did hayek work upon being hired by ludwig von mises? END
START what was hayek gathering during his time as a research assistant? END
START what was the name of the professor hayek worked for as a research assistant? END
START what ideology was hayek originally in support of? END
START what caused hayek to turn away from wiser's ideology? END
START during his attendance to von mises' seminars, who did hayek become friends with? END
START what viewpoint did the book socialism shift hayek toward? END
START who is the father of the ideology hayek came to support? END
START what position did hayek gain at the austrian institute? END
START who requested that hayek be employed by lse? END
START what sort of recognition had hayek received when he came to london? END
START what subject did hayek's works influence and inspire? END
START in what year did hayek come to london? END
START what did hayek write regarding fascism and socialism? END
START whose works served as inspiration for the title of road to serfdom? END
START when was the road to serfdom published? END
START where was road to serfdom more popular than it was in britain? END
START who is responsible for road to serfdom being shortened for reader's digest in 1945? END
START upon leaving london, for what college did he choose to work? END
START who supplied hayek's salary? END
START what was the cause for the feud between robert hutchins and faculty? END
START why did the economics department turn down hayek's employment? END
START what did hayek serve on after his initial rejection? END
START which of hayek's works had a profound influence on those at the university of chicago? END
START who played a critical role in the formation of the law and society program? END
START what group did hayek form with three other people? END
START what was the group that friedman and hayek supported later renamed to? END
START what topic were hayek's next two books going to cover? END
START which of hayek's books was not as well received as the road to serfdom? END
START as of the release of his 1960 book, how long had it been since the road to serfdom was released? END
START what was the title of the his 1960 book's second chapter? END
START how did hayek feel about the success of the book he released in 1960? END
START what country did hayek move to in 1962? END
START what is the name of the book hayek started upon his arrival in west germany? END
START where did hayek spend an entire year after his retirement? END
START when was the final volume of law, legislation and liberty released? END
START during his time in los angeles, what was the topic of the seminars hayek taught not related to his new book? END
START what political party was margaret thatcher the head of in 1975? END
START who did thatcher meet with shortly after she was elected as the head of her party? END
START what path was suggested as the right one for margaret thatcher's party by a speaker? END
START which of hayek's works did thatcher produce at the conservative research department? END
START what was the name of the agreement hayek criticized in 1977? END
START what did some liberal politicians claim the pact was meant to do? END
START the agreement hayek criticized was between the british labour government and which political party? END
START what did hayek believe was lost in the continued empowerment of a socialist government? END
START which party was criticized for being less concerned about liberty and democracy? END
START with which political group was david steel affiliated? END
START who disagreed with david steel's statements in 1978 END
START which type of government was more favorable than others according to hayek? END
START hayek believed that which type of democracy was the worst of its alternatives? END
START what group was hayek inducted into by the queen of england? END
START who suggest hayek for the honor of joining the order? END
START in 1984, what was margaret thatcher's position within the british government? END
START how did hayek wish to be referred to after his 1984 award? END
START at the end of the same day hayek met with the queen of england, what did he say? END
START what was the reason given for hayek's 1991 award from the president? END
START which president presented the award to hayek? END
START where was hayek when he died? END
START where was hayek buried in relation to his home town of vienna? END
START where was the use of knowledge in society published? END
START what is the name of mises' 1912 book? END
START hayek focused most of his economic works on the business cycle, money and what else? END
START what work did hayek produce as a result of studying mises' book? END
START what is the english name for the book hayek published in 1929? END
START according to hayek, what was the cause of the banks' wrongful allocation of funds? END
START lionel robbins came to head which school in 1929? END
START in regards to economics, lionel robbins believe english-speaking academics had what? END
START which man's works were mostly the cause of the ''narrow approach''? END
START who was responsible for bringing on hayek at the lse? END
START what did nicholas kaldor say hayek brought to macroeconomics? END
START hayek's critical analysis of keyne's work was published under what title? END
START apart from easy money, what did hayek believe unemployment was caused by? END
START who did keynes turn to for assistance in arguing his point to hayek? END
START according to nicholas kaldor, what had hayek's book created? END
START what was the result of hayek's prices and production? END
START what is the name of the first book hayek released to revise his stances from prices and production? END
START who was particularly critical of hayek's work following prices and production? END
START lionel robbins' the great depression was a result of his support for what? END
START who did keynes' arguments against the austrian theory of the business cycle eventually influence? END
START what topic did hayek never write a book about as he said he would? END
START what topic did hayek shy away from following pure theory of capital? END
START what did gunnar myrdal call hayek? END
START which of hayeks books did milton friedman praise most? END
START which whom did hayek share a nobel prize? END
START what did hayek claim those who must distribute resources would lack most? END
START whose work most notably influenced hayek's argument regarding resource distribution? END
START what is the one way hayek argued that resource distribution could succeed? END
START other than max weber, who was a notable influence to hayek's statements regarding resource distribution? END
START what did some socialists bring up as a rebuttal to hayek's resource distribution argument? END
START what did socialists believe equilibrium theory invalidated? END
START according to those who argued against hayek, what sets planned and free markets apart is what? END
START what type of economic system did the socialists want to avoid? END
START which of hayek's books argued against the socialist price mechanism? END
START which type of economy did hayek believe the price mechanism to be less effective with? END
START the arguments presented in the use of knowledge in society created an starting point for who? END
START the arguments presented in hayek's 1945 book were a large reason for being granted what award? END
START what was the name of the ideology hayek criticized? END
START how did hayek believe collectivism could be maintained? END
START according to hayek, what is necessary for the implementation of a socialist economy? END
START hayek believed the requirements for a socialist economy would lead to what? END
START what did hayek believe was the core responsibility of the state? END
START hayek believed the state could aid the economy by doing what? END
START who did hayek say economic security should be guaranteed to? END
START according to hayek, clothing, food and shelter should be provided to what extent? END
START what sort of system did hayek propose the government create? END
START in what economic field of study does hayek's views differ from those in macroeconomics? END
START what is the term used to describe economists following keynes school of thought? END
START whose works inspire the term "walrasian" in economics? END
START when did hayek start working on abuse of reason? END
START what did hayek specifically aim to expose in abuse of reason? END
START whose beliefs in scientific philosophy were similar to hayek's? END
START what did hayek use to refer to the spread of ignorance and misunderstanding within the social sciences? END
START in scientism, it is typically believed that explanations in science are what? END
START in what year was the book published in which hayek developed hebbian learning? END
START before he began studying economics, what concept did hayek come up with that was later featured in his 1952 book? END
START what did hayek present in his 1952 book that affected multiple areas of science? END
START what is the name of the book in which hayek presented the hebbian synapse? END
START when did hayek begin presenting his ideas on the limits of human knowledge? END
START what did hayek want society to function around? END
START what is the responsibility of government in hayek's market order? END
START what would be the cause of the success for the hayek's ideal free-market? END
START what would hayek's free-market not require in order to function properly? END
START what concept did hayek dislike? END
START how did hayek feel regarding income distribution? END
START what reason does hayek provide for differences in income distribution not being a matter of just or unjust? END
START according to hayek, a society in which income is redistributed is what? END
START what has hayek's views on the market been used to defend? END
START what is the term used to describe the obligation for humans to avoid disrupting the ecosystem? END
START what are ecosystems views to be? END
START one might still support spontaneous orders without agreeing with which of hayek's assessments? END
START what is limited by the ignorance of humanity? END
START according to wapshott, who was promoting the implementation of universal health care? END
START who did hayek say should provide a safety net for society? END
START in which of hayek's works did he make his statements regarding social insurance? END
START who made the claim that hayek was particularly determined regarding his beliefs on social insurance and a safety net? END
START who criticizes hayek's ability to provide specific facts? END
START diamond believes hayek's weaknesses come out when he steps beyond the bounds of what topic? END
START what term does diamond use to refer to hayek? END
START diamond states that the final result of hayek's statements are what? END
START at what point did hayek claim dictatorships may be necessary? END
START what did hayek claim to prefer over a democratic government in the absence of liberal ideals? END
START what did hayek believe the chilean government would become in the future? END
START as claimed by hayek, chilean citizens had more freedom under which ruler? END
START hayek believed that authoritarianism was very different from what? END
START what country did hayek arrive in where he provided his disctinction between totalitarianism and authoritarianism? END
START what did hayek believe to be absent from latin america? END
START what is hayek's definition of totalitarian? END
START what did hayek claim to be better than investing in government spending programs? END
START what other notable figure signed the letter in which hayek made his statement regarding private investment? END
START who was responsible for england's return to the use of gold as standard currency? END
START with whom did hayek disagree with publicly? END
START which economist is cited the most by winners of the nobel prize in that field? END
START what nobel prize winner has spent most of his life studying hayek's capital theory despite being critical of the man? END
START on the topic of the practicality of a socialist economy, who does samuelson believe was wrong? END
START on the topic of mainstream economics, whose nobel lecture was particularly critical? END
START which of hayek's works does samuelson cite as being incorrect regarding macroeconomics? END
START whose 1980 book mentions "informal" economics? END
START what is the name of the book friedman released in 1980? END
START how is friedman's book described in regards to the price system? END
START which of hayek's works did friedman once teach? END
START which fellow vienna native was hayek friends with? END
START who is the only exception from whom hayek claims to have learned more than he did from popper? END
START hayek dedicated many of his papers to popper based on a dedication popper made to him in which of his work? END
START which of popper's works was the first to grasp hayek's attention? END
START popper was present for which notable mont pelerin society event? END
START which of hayek's books had an impact on those against postmodernism? END
START to whom did hayek owe his intellectual success? END
START carl menger's work in social explanation was not too different from those in which scottish period?? END
START in what year was margaret thatcher elected prime minister? END
START whom did the prime minister of england choose as secretary of state? END
START during the 80s and 90s, three major english speaking nations experienced a political shift to to what? END
START what position did the british prime minister's secretary of state previously hold? END
START one of hayek's supporters served which us president? END
START what ideology did hayek not agree with in an essay appended to the constitution of liberty? END
START what was hayek's statement regarding conservatism? END
START what does conservatism have in common with classical liberalism? END
START what word is used in the united states to identify hayek's ideology? END
START which ideology did hayek believe conservatism discouraged? END
START what did hayek suggest as an alternative to being called a libertarian? END
START in opposition to conservatives, what group has hayek's work influenced? END
START who wrote an essay as a result of hayek's "why i am not a conservative"? END
START from whom did hayek acquire the term he proposed as an alternative to libertarian? END
START in his later years, what term did hayek use to describe himself? END
START what term do those who disagree with hayek use to describe his ideals? END
START who was it that claimed hayek's the constitution of liberty to be an thorough example of neoliberal philosophy? END
START whose ideals does brittan believe to win out over hayek's? END
START who makes the claim that hayek was actually a conservative? END
START according to pirie, conservatives dislike change only when its forced upon them by whom? END
START pirie believes hayek to be a conservative for what reason? END
START what does pirie claim conservatives want for the free market? END
START what is diarrhea? END
START what is one of the effects of diarrhea? END
START what are the warning signs of dehydration? END
START what are other signs of dehydration? END
START what condition is characterized by loose and watery stools in babies? END
START what sign begins with a loss of skin color and a fast heart rate? END
START what are the warning signs of diarrhea? END
START how long does dehydration last? END
START what are other signs of diarrhea? END
START what is the most common cause of diarrhea? END
START what can cause an infection in the intestines? END
START what are the three types of diarrhea? END
START what is it known as if blood is present? END
START what is the most common cause of cholera? END
START what causes and infection by dysentery? END
START name some examples of non-infectious causes of hyperthyroidism? END
START what are three types of inflammatory bowel disease? END
START what is acquired from food and water contaminated by cholera? END
START what are some ways to prevent diarrhea? END
START what else can a mom do to prevent diarrhea for her baby? END
START what is the treatment of choice for diarrhea? END
START what conditions would a doctor prescribe antibiotics? END
START name two examples when amounts of salts and sugar are recommended although rarely used? END
START what can a woman do to prevent high fever for her baby? END
START what are people who have rotovirus recommended to do? END
START what can be used if commercial antibiotics are not available? END
START how do you prevent infectious rotovirus? END
START how many cases of diarrhea are there a year? END
START how often do kids get diarrhea in developing countries? END
START frequent episodes of diarrhea are common in what type of cases? END
START what long term issues can arise from frequent diarrhea? END
START what do frequent episodes of stunted growth cause? END
START how many cases of malnutrition happen per year? END
START what long term issues can happen from frequent malnutrition? END
START how often do kids have malnutrition in developing countries? END
START what is the estimate of total deaths from stunted growth in 2013? END
START what is secretory diarrhea? END
START what are the causes of secretory diarrhea? END
START is there any structural damage associated with secretory diarrhea? END
START what means there is an increase in structural damage or absorption inhibition? END
START what causes inhibition of absorption? END
START is there any structural damage associated with oral food intake? END
START what happens to fluid secretion when there is oral food intake? END
START what stimulates the secretion of chloride plasma? END
START what occures with osmotic diarrhea? END
START what causes osmotic diarrhea? END
START how do osmotic lazatives work? END
START what can cause osmotic diarrhea in healthy people? END
START what causes osmotic intolerance? END
START what can cause excess fructose in healthy individuals? END
START how does fructose malabsorption work? END
START what does a person with coeliac disease have difficulty absorbing after eating dairy products? END
START what foods that have a high dairy content are less likely to cause diarrhea? END
START when does inflammatory diarrhea occur? END
START what happens with inflammatory diarrhea? END
START what can cause inflammatory diarrhea? END
START what other causes are there for inflammatory diarrhea? END
START what causes inflammatory tuberculosis? END
START what does enteritis lead to? END
START what other causes are there for parasitic infections? END
START name other causes of viral infections? END
START what is damaged when color cancer occurs? END
START diarrheal disease has what effects on a person? END
START what can early childhood malnutrition cause? END
START what is the cause of childhood malnutrition? END
START children who have experienced sever diarrhea are more likely to have what effect? END
START what causes children to have low scores on physical fitness tests? END
START what reduces mental development and productivity in adults? END
START what does evidence show that helminth disease impacts? END
START what disease has a negative impact on intelligence? END
START what are children who acquire helmenth infection are more likely to have? END
START what is ibs? END
START what symptoms do you have with ibs? END
START how can symptoms be managed with ibs? END
START what is another possible cause of unusual stool? END
START how can symptoms of bile acid malabsorption be managed? END
START what is sehcat syndrome? END
START how many patients with sehcat have bile acid malabsorption? END
START what is the diagnosis for patients with unusual stool? END
START what is a good indicator of the rate of infectious diarrhea? END
START why does living in poverty raise your risk of diarrhea? END
START what causes this to be exacerbated? END
START what indicates the rate of medical care? END
START why does poverty raise your risk of nutrient losses? END
START what prevents poor people from defending against human pathogens? END
START what are some examples that the lack of affordable medical care is associated with? END
START what restricts the ability to provide sanitation? END
START why is proper nutrition important? END
START what effects does lower levels of zinc have in children? END
START what can having a vitamin a deficiency cause? END
START what is the rate of  vitamin a deficiency in children worldwide? END
START why is a fully developed immune system important? END
START where is infectious diarrhea found in mild cases? END
START what do children with lower levels of disease contraction have? END
START how many preschool children worldwide are zinc deficient? END
START what do others suggest regarding the increase in nutrition causes? END
START what did nesse and williams learn? END
START if diarrhea is stopped, would could happen? END
START what happened with people with shigella were treated with anti-diarrheal medication? END
START what is the function of shigella? END
START if research is stopped, what could happen? END
START what happened to people with lomotil when treated with anti diarrheal medication? END
START what is contraindicated in support of the argument? END
START what did the researchers discover about shigellosis? END
START what has had major effects on the transmission of diarrheal diseases? END
START how much does hand washing reduce the chances of disease? END
START why do developing countries not wash their hands as much as other countries? END
START what is a solution to help this problem? END
START what has a profound effect in developed countries? END
START by what percentage do educational programs reduce the chance of disease? END
START what is a solution to poverty? END
START where is education integral to prevent disease? END
START what is a challenge to reduce disease in less developed countries? END
START what is a major means of the spread of diarrhea disease? END
START what has cut the rate of diarrhea disease incidents?  END
START what would be the reduction in deisease incedence if there was better water and sanitation? END
START what is major way disease instance is spread? END
START by what percentage will diarrheal disease be reduced as a result of improved water and hygene? END
START what has cut the rate of mortality? END
START what is the reduction in mortality rate associated with disease instance? END
START what is a cause of child mortality? END
START what is the downfall of using immunization against the pathogens that cause disease? END
START what is responsible for 6% of dearrheal disease? END
START what percent is the rotavirus responsible for in diarrheal disease deaths? END
START what was the effect of the rotavirus vaccine? END
START what year was the rotovirus vaccine used? END
START what is responsible for 6% of cholera disease? END
START what requires targeting disease for vaccination? END
START what were the results of cholera vaccine trials in 1985? END
START what year was the cholera vaccine used? END
START what may be the result of developing effective ways to target new pathogens? END
START what can be done to combate dietary deficiences? END
START what has been used and shown successful in a decrease in incidence of diarrheal disease? END
START what strategy was found out to be more cost effective? END
START how can zinc deficiencies be combated? END
START what strategy showed a decrease in the incidence of dietary deficiencies? END
START what dietary deficiency was found to be less effective in reducing diarrhea incidence? END
START what actions help combat diarrhea? END
START what control group was found to be more cost effective? END
START what is the basic treatment many cases of diarrhea need? END
START how is this treatment given? END
START what type of diet is no longer recommended? END
START what does who recommend to do? END
START what treatment do people in oral rehydration therapy need? END
START what type of diet does the brat recommend? END
START what type of oral rehydration therapy is not recommended? END
START what has no effect on the duration of cholera? END
START what does continuing to replace lost fluid and salts intravenously speed up? END
START what can be used to prevent dehydration? END
START what are some good standard home solutions? END
START what is a commercial solution that can also be used? END
START what is the who's recipe for ors? END
START what can make reyhdration worse? END
START what can who be used for in children?  END
START can you name some plain water solutions? END
START who widely distributes pedialyte? END
START how much chicken soup does the rehydration project recommend adding? END
START what are not recommended for younger kids because it can casue more dehydration? END
START why are sodas and high sugar fruit juices not recommended? END
START what can be used to give fluids when they can not drink? END
START what can be used to give fluids if drinks are too rich in sugar? END
START who is plain water not recommended for? END
START why are plain water and ort preparations not recommended? END
START what can be given with the goal of providing specific ort preparations? END
START what does plain water do in the gut? END
START what does who recommend? END
START what does continuing to eat do for your illness? END
START what happens when a childs food is restricted? END
START what happens if a child's breastfeeding is restricted? END
START what does the cdc state about a child's diet when they have diarrhea? END
START what speeds up recovery of food withholding? END
START what organization recommended that a lactose-free diet should always be continued? END
START who made the same recommendation regarding intestinal function? END
START are antibiotics used in diarrhea instances? END
START what are the concerns with anitbiotics? END
START what are bacteria doing that makes them not work as well? END
START what are antibiotics doing that makes treatment not work well? END
START what are concerns with escherichia coli o157:h7? END
START where is treatment for antibiotic resistance beneficial? END
START are antibiotics used in certain types of antibiotic resistance? END
START what resource-poor country is developing antibiotic resistance? END
START what are the origins of the word madrasa? END
START what type of educational institution does the term madrasa refer? END
START in western culture, the term madrasa widely refers to the practices of what religion? END
START how many students enrolled in madaris are muslim? END
START what does madrasa mean in french? END
START  what type of educational institution does the term madrasa not cover? END
START in eastern culture, what religion does the term madrasa refer to? END
START what school does madrasa not refer to?  END
START what is studied in islamic religions?  END
START what are the root origins of the word madrasah? END
START what is the literal translation of madrasah? END
START in arabic, what does madarasah mean? END
START during the ottoman empire, what types of schools were typical? END
START what were the students in madaris called? END
START what are not the root origins of the word madrasah? END
START  what is the not literal translation of madrasah? END
START in french, what does madarasah mean? END
START  during the ottoman empire, what types of schools were uncommon? END
START what were the teachers in madaris called? END
START what is the english connotative understanding of the word madrash?  END
START what is taught through a hifz class or set of classes? END
START what is shariah? END
START what is the discipline taught in mantiq courses? END
START what set of courses does someone need to take for preparation to be considered as a scholar? END
START what is the spanish connotative understanding of the word madrash? END
START  what is never taught through a hifz class or set of classes? END
START  what is the opposite of shariah? END
START  what is the discipline not taught in mantiq courses? END
START what set of beliefs does someone need to have to be considered as a scholar? END
START what age groups are usually enrolled in madaris? END
START how long does someone have to be enrolled in alim courses to earn a certificate or graduate? END
START in what ways are madaris similar to western colleges? END
START why do madaris extend enrollment to children of less fortunate circumstances? END
START what is the format for co-education for women in madaris? END
START  what age groups are never enrolled in madaris? END
START  how long does someone have to be enrolled in alim courses before they can drop out? END
START  in what ways are madaris similar to eastern colleges? END
START why do madaris extend enrollment to rich children? END
START  what is the format for co-education for adults in madaris? END
START what is the meaning of islamic education? END
START what book is the basis for education in islamic traditions? END
START what types of education greatly differs from islamic education? END
START what is islamic religion traditionally considered as far as theology is concerned? END
START what is the meaning of non-islamic education? END
START  what book is the basis for religion-free education in islamic traditions? END
START  what types of education is exactly the same as islamic education? END
START what is islamic religion in the modern sense considered as far as theology is concerned? END
START where was the first madrasa located? END
START who was the teacher at the first madrasa? END
START who was named as a teacher at the second madrasa, housed in a mosque? END
START what handwriting art form was taught in the early madaris? END
START what type of physical fitness activities were taught in the early madaris? END
START  where was the second madrasa located? END
START  who was the teacher at the third madrasa? END
START who was named as a teacher at the last madrasa? END
START what martial arts was taught in the early madaris? END
START what type of ball sports were taught in the early madaris? END
START which class of people founded the madaris during the medieval period? END
START how were the madaris funded during the medieval period? END
START what class of people inherited status during the mamluk period? END
START what allowed the ruling elite to maintain power during the mamluk period? END
START in what city was the mosque-madrasah of sultan hasan? END
START which class of people founded the madaris during the ancient period? END
START  how were the madaris funded during the prehistoric period? END
START  what class of people rejected status during the mamluk period? END
START what allowed the plebeians to maintain power during the mamluk period? END
START what city rejected the mosque-madrasah of sultan hasan? END
START who traditionally paid for scholars to study natural sciences? END
START what group of people had the highest literacy rates during the middle ages? END
START what schools had the biggest impact on the rising literacy rates in the caliphate? END
START how long did it take for madaris to spread to smaller cities and towns? END
START who disapproved of scholars to study natural sciences? END
START what group of people had the lowest literacy rates during the middle ages? END
START what schools had the biggest impact on the declining literacy rates in the caliphate? END
START when did madaris spread to larger cities? END
START when were the first recorded islamic elementary schools? END
START what term refers to islamic elementary schools? END
START who wrote a training guide for islamic maktab teachers? END
START what did ibn sina prefer over private tutors? END
START how many component of education did ibn sina describe in their teachings? END
START  when were the last recorded islamic elementary schools? END
START  what term refers to non-islamic elementary schools? END
START  who wrote a training guide for islamic maktab students? END
START  what did ibn sina prefer over public schools? END
START what's the third component of education from ibn sina? END
START what type of skills did ibn sina state children should learn in secondary education? END
START according to ibn sina, at what age should children choose a direction for their education? END
START according to ibn sina, what is needed to support transition at the secondary stage of education? END
START what should secondary training provide a student in the secondary stage of school?  END
START what type of skills did ibn sina state children should learn in primary education? END
START according to ibn sina, at what age should children drop out of school? END
START according to ibn sina, what is needed to support transition at the primary stage of education? END
START what should secondary training provide a teacher in the secondary stage of school? END
START what besides emotional development do parents need to take into account?  END
START what discipline was studied in traditional madrasah? END
START what was traditionally left out of the madrasah curriculum? END
START who decided the content that would be delivered in a particular madrasah? END
START what is the most widely known madrasah? END
START how many madaris have been founded in cairo? END
START what discipline was rejected in traditional madrasah? END
START  what was recently rejected in madrasah? END
START who decided the content that would be rejected in a particular madrasah? END
START  what is the least widely known madrasah? END
START  how many madaris have been founded outside of cairo? END
START what term refers to islamic law? END
START when did islamic law school begin? END
START how long did a student have to study law, in early islamic law graduate schools, in order to graduate? END
START what traditional schooling has been considered modeled after the traditional islamic graduate schools? END
START  what term refers to non-islamic law? END
START  when did islamic law school end? END
START how long did a student have to study law in order to drop out? END
START what modern schooling has been considered modeled after the non-islamic graduate schools? END
START what did earning the ijazat al-tadris award students? END
START who awarded a teaching license in islamic schools? END
START who awarded a teaching license in european schools? END
START what type of license is closely related to the ijazat al-tadris? END
START  what did earning the ijazat al-tadris discipline students? END
START  who awarded a teaching license in non-islamic schools? END
START  who rejected a teaching license in european schools? END
START  what type of license is very different from the ijazat al-tadris? END
START who was not the chief official of the university? END
START what determination of the study of law was held to much debate? END
START what is the islamic term for issuing a legal opinion? END
START what type of matters are covered through islamic law? END
START what is ijtihad? END
START what determination of the study of law was never scrutinized? END
START what is the non-islamic term for issuing a legal opinion? END
START what type of matters are covered through non-islamic law? END
START what is the opposite of ijtihad? END
START what isn't the translation of ijtihad? END
START when did some madaris become considered like traditional colleges? END
START what class of people founded both european universities and islamic madaris END
START what was considered to be the underlying purpose of madaris? END
START who argued that european universities and islamic madaris have very little in common? END
START when did some madaris become considered unlike traditional colleges? END
START what class of people founded only european universities? END
START what class of people founded only islamic madaris? END
START  what was considered to be the overt purpose of madaris? END
START who agreed that european universities and islamic madaris have very little in common? END
START when was al-qarawiyin university founded? END
START who founded al-qarawiyin university? END
START what types of degrees were earned at al-qarawiyin university? END
START what religious buildings were housed inside al-qarawiyin university? END
START what types of teachers were at al-qarawiyin university? END
START when was al-azhar university founded? END
START where is al-azhar university located? END
START what was required to earn a law degree at al-azhar university? END
START who was an astronomy professor at al-azhar university? END
START what is nizamiyah of baghdad most known for? END
START what field does the ijazah signify expertise in? END
START what was the purpose of studying natural sciences in madaris? END
START who decided if a student earned a law degree in undergraduate madaris? END
START what scientific discipline is still taught in modern madaris? END
START what is considered the most famous madrasa? END
START  what field does the ijazah signify having no expertise in? END
START what was the purpose of not studying natural sciences in madaris? END
START who disallowed when a student earned a law degree in undergraduate madaris? END
START  what scientific discipline is no longer taught in modern madaris? END
START  what is considered the least famous madrasa? END
START what do scholars believe is missing from madaris that prevent them from being considered universities? END
START what do scholars that specialize in the medieval period describe madaris as? END
START who argues that madaris are not the same as traditional european universities? END
START what are two examples of waqfs? END
START what do scholars believe is included from madaris that guarantees them being considered universities? END
START what do scholars that don't specialize in the medieval period describe madaris as? END
START  what is the third example of waqfs? END
START who agrees that madaris are not the same as traditional european universities? END
START when did more madaris begin to form more rapidly? END
START where are madaris considered less desirable? END
START when did the al-qarawiyin officially become a university? END
START when the madaris are considered as a charity, who controls the school? END
START what disciplines were introduced at al-azhar in 1961? END
START when did more madaris begin to form more slowly? END
START  where are madaris considered more desirable? END
START  when did the al-qarawiyin officially stop being a university? END
START when the madaris are considered as a charity, who controls the students? END
START  what disciplines were destroyed at al-azhar in 1961? END
START what institutions have been considered to take some its ideas from madaris? END
START what eurpoean university practices are considered to be adapted from madaris? END
START how many corollaries dd makdisi make between islamic language and european educational practices? END
START what freedom specifically did makdisi believe european schools learned from islamic traditions? END
START what clothing practice did makdisi believe european schools learned from madaris? END
START what institutions have been considered to get no its ideas from madaris? END
START what eurpoean university practices are considered to be not adapted from madaris? END
START how many corollaries dd makdisi make between non-islamic language and non-european educational practices? END
START what freedom specifically did makdisi believe non-european schools learned from non-islamic traditions? END
START what clothing practice did makdisi believe european schools did not learn from madaris? END
START what other religion was considered to share parallels in teaching styles with the muslim faith? END
START what was makdisi accused of doing when evaluating the parallels between european and islamic schools? END
START what is the european version of fiqh? END
START what do scholars believe is the reason for similarities between islamic and european schools? END
START what other religion was considered to be opposite in teaching styles with the muslim faith? END
START what was makdisi not accused of doing when evaluating the parallels between european and islamic schools? END
START  what is the non-european version of fiqh? END
START  what do scholars believe is the reason for differences between islamic and european schools? END
START what percentage of islamic women were educated before the 1200s? END
START how many female islamic scholars were on record after the 1400s? END
START in what book was a section reserved for the study of islamic female students? END
START how many female students were discussed in the al-daw' al-iami? END
START what percentage of islamic women were educated before the 2000s? END
START  how many female islamic scholars were on record after the 1600s? END
START in what book was a section reserved for the study of islamic male students? END
START  how many male students were discussed in the al-daw' al-iami? END
START what disciplines were women trained in during the first century? END
START who was the most well known female scholar in islamic schools? END
START where did shuhda attend school? END
START when was formal education for islamic women halted? END
START during which caliphate did islamic women begin attending formal school? END
START what disciplines were women trained in during the second century? END
START  who was the least well known female scholar in islamic schools? END
START  where did shuhda work? END
START  when was formal education for islamic women encouraged? END
START during which caliphate did islamic women stop going to formal school? END
START what titles could women earn by going to islamic schools? END
START who wanted to ensured that their daughters were educated in islamic schools? END
START why did the prophet muhammad esteem women in medina? END
START who created a pathway for education for women in the islamic world? END
START which one of muhammad's wives had a particular impact on his view of women and education? END
START what titles could men earn by going to islamic schools? END
START who wanted to ensured that their daughters were not educated in islamic schools? END
START  why did the prophet muhammad esteem men in medina? END
START which one of muhammad's sons had a particular impact on his view of women and education? END
START who traveled abroad to get an education at madaris? END
START how many madaris were started by mehmed the conqueror? END
START how would a student matriculate to the next level of schooling in the ottoman empire? END
START where were ottoman madaris built? END
START when was the first ottoman madrasa built? END
START  who didn't traveled abroad to get an education at madaris? END
START  how many madaris were not started by mehmed the conqueror? END
START how would a teacher matriculate to the next level of schooling in the ottoman empire? END
START  where were ottoman madaris torn down? END
START  when was the first ottoman madrasa torn down? END
START what was the essential mission of islamic schools in the ottoman empire? END
START why was philosophy taught in ottoman madaris? END
START what type of social structure did the ottoman empire have? END
START what religion was at the center of education in the ottoman empire? END
START what did ottoman madaris have that was similar to modern american schools? END
START what was the essential mission of non-islamic schools in the ottoman empire? END
START  why wasn't philosophy taught in ottoman madaris? END
START  what type of social structure did the ottoman empire not have? END
START what religion was not at the center of education in the ottoman empire? END
START  what did ottoman madaris have that was different to modern american schools? END
START what kind of social service was provided through the madaris? END
START what had a hold over social life in the ottoman empire as well as other cultures? END
START where did students learn about religious and social norms? END
START what practice was desired through connecting religion and schools? END
START  what kind of social service was not provided through the madaris? END
START what had a hold over social life in only the ottoman empire, not other cultures? END
START  where did teachers learn about religious and social norms? END
START what practice was never desired through connecting religion and schools? END
START what group makes up a larger percentage of people in india? END
START what is the largest school for barelvis people in india? END
START what disciplines does india want to introduce to madaris? END
START in what year did the indian government begin to stop recognizing madaris as schools? END
START what problems are arising due to the political conflicts over schools? END
START  what group makes up a smaller percentage of people in india? END
START  what is the smallest school for barelvis people outside of india? END
START  what disciplines does india want to keep away from madaris? END
START in what year did the indian government begin recognize madaris as schools? END
START what problems are not arising due to the social conflicts over schools? END
START how many muslim students are there in kerala? END
START how many muslim teachers are there in kerala? END
START who determines the content taught in arabic public schools? END
START what types of programs provide traditional islamic teaching? END
START what is the format of school for girls and boys? END
START  how many non-muslim students are there in kerala? END
START  who does not determine the content taught in arabic public schools? END
START  what types of programs provide non-traditional islamic teaching? END
START  what is the format of school for adults? END
START who decides if muslims attend secular schools or traditional madaris? END
START what are madaris referred to as in indonesia and malaysia? END
START what region of the philippines has a large muslim population? END
START what region of thailand has madaris? END
START who decides if non-muslims attend secular schools or traditional madaris? END
START  what are madaris referred to as outside of indonesia and malaysia? END
START  what region of the philippines has a large non-muslim population? END
START  what region of thailand does not have madaris? END
START how many madrasahs are in sinagapore? END
START what program is being installed in madrasahs in singapore? END
START what year is it planned for ib programs to be in place at madrasah al-arabiah al-islamiah? END
START what will the uniform be at madrasah al-arabiah al-islamiah? END
START  how many madrasahs are outside of sinagapore? END
START  what program is being installed in madrasahs outside of singapore? END
START what year is it planned for ib programs to be in taken out of madrasah al-arabiah al-islamiah? END
START  what will not be included in the uniform at madrasah al-arabiah al-islamiah? END
START how many regions in singapore have widely accepted madaris? END
START what law protects the teaching of arabic and islamic traditions in mindanao? END
START what religion do most people practice in mindanao? END
START what curriculum is used in non public madaris in mindanao? END
START when did madaris become more accepted in mindanao? END
START how many regions outside of singapore have widely accepted madaris? END
START what law does not protect the teaching of arabic and islamic traditions in mindanao? END
START  what religion does nobody practice in mindanao? END
START  what curriculum is used in public madaris in mindanao? END
START  when did madaris become less accepted in mindanao? END
START when was the first madrasa started in north america? END
START what country has many students that attend al-rashid islamic institute? END
START where is al-rashid islamic institute? END
START what organization did shaykh muhammad alsahareef start? END
START  when was the last madrasa started in north america? END
START what country has many students that don't attend al-rashid islamic institute? END
START  where is al-rashid muslim institute? END
START what organization did shaykh muhammad alsahareef tear down? END
START what is the common western perception of the teaching received at madaris? END
START what type of content is delivered at madaris? END
START what type of teaching is provided at indian madaris? END
START what are the origins of western schools? END
START how many science disciplines were taught at madaris in the ottoman empire? END
START what is the common northern perception of the teaching received at madaris? END
START  what type of content is not delivered at madaris? END
START  what type of teaching is rejected at indian madaris? END
START what are the origins of southern schools? END
START how many science disciplines were banned from being taught at madaris in the ottoman empire? END
START what is the approximate population of the miami metro area? END
START in what geographic portion of florida is miami located? END
START what county is miami located in? END
START where does miami rank among american cities by population? END
START how many people live in miami? END
START on which coast of florida is miami not located? END
START miami isn't located in which florida county? END
START where does miami fall among the least populous urban areas in the united states? END
START which city is the only one with a smaller population than miami in the southeastern united states? END
START what isn't the approximate population of miami's metro area? END
START what classification did the world cities study group give to miami? END
START where did miami rank among cities around the world in regard to finance? END
START what did forbes call miami in 2008? END
START what is a nickname given to miami? END
START where does miami rank in terms of us spanish-speaking populations? END
START what classification didn't the world cities study group give to miami? END
START where didn't miami rank among cities around the world in regard to finance? END
START what did forbes call miami in 2018? END
START what is a nickname not given to miami? END
START where does miami rank in terms of un spanish-speaking populations? END
START what does downtown miami possess more of than any other us city? END
START what is called the "cruise capital of the world"? END
START along with cruise lines, in what traffic does miami's port rank first? END
START along with hospitals, medical centers and biotechnology industries, what is notably present in the civic center? END
START how long has miami been the world's top cruise passenger port? END
START what does downtown miami possess less of than any other us city? END
START what isn't called the "cruise capital of the world"? END
START along with cruise lines, in what traffic does miami's port rank last? END
START along with hospitals, medical centers and biotechnology industries, what is notably absent in the civic center? END
START how long has miami been the world's bottom cruise passenger port? END
START where was julia tuttle born? END
START prior to the naming of miami, what was the area around miami called? END
START when did the great freeze occur? END
START what railroad was owned by henry flagler? END
START who was "the mother of miami"? END
START where wasn't julia tuttle born? END
START prior to the naming of miami, what wasn't the area around miami called? END
START when did the great thaw occur? END
START what railroad was disowned by henry flagler? END
START who was "the father of miami"? END
START in the early 1900s, what percentage of miami's population was of african origin? END
START what was nw fifth avenue previously called? END
START where did a portion of miami's black population migrate from in the early 1900s? END
START in the early 1800s, what percentage of miami's population was of african origin? END
START in the early 1900s, what percentage of miami's population was of indian origin? END
START what was nw fourth avenue previously called? END
START what was sw fifth avenue previously called? END
START where did a portion of miami's black population migrate from in the early 1800s? END
START who was a notable chief of the miami police? END
START to what controversial organization did a miami chief of police belong? END
START for what reason did h. leslie quigg kill a black man? END
START what was the occupation of the african-american man killed by quigg? END
START who was a unnotable chief of the miami police? END
START who was a notable constable of the miami police? END
START to what controversial organization didn't a miami chief of police belong? END
START for what reason did h. leslie quigg save a black man? END
START what was the occupation of the african-american woman killed by quigg? END
START in what year did fidel castro take over cuba? END
START from what country did people notably emigrate to southern florida in the 1980s and 90s? END
START what notable hurricane occurred between the 1980s and 1990s? END
START what is the largest city in the united states where a majority of the population speaks spanish? END
START miami is the us city with the largest population of what ethnic group? END
START in what year did fidel castro lose cuba? END
START from what country did people notably emigrate to southern florida in the 1880s and 90s? END
START what minor storm occurred between the 1980s and 1990s? END
START what is the smallest city in the united states where a majority of the population speaks spanish? END
START miami is the us city with the smallest population of what ethnic group? END
START where are the everglades in relation to miami? END
START to travel from biscayne bay to miami, in what direction would one move? END
START what is the northern terminus of biscayne bay? END
START in kilometers, how far is the gulf stream from miami's coast? END
START in meters, what is the average height above sea level of the miami area? END
START where aren't the everglades in relation to miami? END
START to travel from biscayne bay to miami, in what direction wouldn't one move? END
START what is the southern terminus of biscayne bay? END
START in kilometers, how far is the gulf mountain from miami's coast? END
START in meters, what is the average weight above sea level of the miami area? END
START what is another name for miami limestone? END
START how many meters thick is the bedrock under miami at its maximum? END
START what stage occurred approximately 130,000 years ago? END
START how many meters did the sangamonian stage raise sea levels compared to their present level? END
START what event caused sea levels to decrease approximately 100,000 years ago? END
START what isn't another name for miami limestone? END
START how many meters thick is the bedrock under miami at its minimum? END
START what stage occurred approximately 13,000 years ago? END
START how many kilometers did the sangamonian stage raise sea levels compared to their present level? END
START what event caused sea levels to increase approximately 100,000 years ago? END
START along with miami springs, where is the highest point of the biscayne aquifer? END
START the biscayne aquifer stretches from palm beach county to where? END
START after digging how many meters is one sure to reach running water in miami? END
START what is limited by miami's high water table? END
START along with miami springs, where is the lowest point of the biscayne aquifer? END
START the biscayne aquifer stretches from palm beach county to when? END
START after digging how many meters is one not sure to reach running water in miami? END
START after digging how many meters is one sure to reach running oil in miami? END
START what is unlimited by miami's high water table? END
START along with west, downtown and north, what is the other notable area of miami? END
START by cardinal direction, what part of the city is referred to as downtown? END
START along with port miami, watson island and brickell, what area is in downtown miami? END
START on what street is the highest concentration of international banks in the us? END
START where is south beach in relation to downtown? END
START along with west, downtown and north, what is the other unnotable area of miami? END
START by cardinal direction, what part of the city isn't referred to as downtown? END
START along with port miami, watson island and brickell, what area isn't in downtown miami? END
START on what street is the lowest concentration of international banks in the us? END
START where is south beach in relation to uptown? END
START along with coconut grove and coral way, what is notably present in southern miami? END
START when was coral way constructed? END
START what does coral way connect to coral gables? END
START in what year did the establishment of coconut grove occur? END
START what part of coconut grove houses the city hall of miami? END
START along with coconut grove and coral way, what is notably unpresent in southern miami? END
START when was coral way destroyed? END
START what does coral way disconnect to coral gables? END
START in what year didn't the establishment of coconut grove occur? END
START what part of apricot grove houses the city hall of miami? END
START what notable theater is present in overtown? END
START after whom is the performing arts center in midtown named? END
START in what part of miami is midtown? END
START what is the name of the architectural style originating in 1950s miami? END
START what northern miami neighborhood is named for a caribbean country? END
START what unnotable theater is present in overtown? END
START after whom isn't the performing arts center in midtown named? END
START in what part of miami isn't midtown? END
START what is the name of the architectural style originating in 1960s miami? END
START what northern miami neighborhood isn't named for a caribbean country? END
START what is miami's köppen climate classification? END
START what type of weather does miami have in the summer? END
START in degrees celsius, what is the average january temperature in miami? END
START in degrees fahrenheit, what is the normal range of high temperatures in miami? END
START in degrees celsius, what temperature does miami rarely see? END
START what isn't miami's köppen climate classification? END
START what type of weather doesn't miami have in the summer? END
START in degrees celsius, what isn't the average january temperature in miami? END
START in degrees fahrenheit, what is the normal range of low temperatures in miami? END
START in degrees celsius, what temperature does miami always see? END
START when is the beginning of miami's wet season? END
START what month sees the end of the wet season in miami? END
START in degrees celsius, what is the range of temperatures during the wet season? END
START how many millimeters of rain fall on miami annually? END
START what is the typical august dew point in degrees fahrenheit? END
START when isn't the beginning of miami's wet season? END
START what month never sees the end of the wet season in miami? END
START in degrees celsius, what isn't the range of temperatures during the wet season? END
START how many centimeters of rain fall on miami annually? END
START what isn't the typical august dew point in degrees fahrenheit? END
START what fraction of the southern florida population lives in miami? END
START where does miami rank in population among us cities? END
START along with palm beach and miami-dade, what county is part of the miami-dade metropolitan area? END
START how many people live in the miami-dade metropolitan area? END
START where does miami-dade rank in population among metropolitan areas in the us? END
START what fraction of the northern florida population lives in miami? END
START where does miami rank in population among un cities? END
START along with palm beach and miami-dade, what county isn't part of the miami-dade metropolitan area? END
START how many people live out the miami-dade metropolitan area? END
START where does miami-dade rank in population among metropolitan areas in the un? END
START what percentage of miami-dade's population was non-hispanic white in 1960? END
START what percentage of the miami population in 1970 was black? END
START what was the largest ethnic group in 1970 miami? END
START along with downtown and edgewater, what area of miami has notably seen increasing population densities? END
START starting in what decade did immigration from outside the united states begin to have a significant influence on miami's population? END
START what percentage of miami-dade's population was non-hispanic black in 1960? END
START what percentage of the miami population in 1907 was black? END
START what was the largest ethnic group in 1870 miami? END
START along with downtown and edgewater, what area of miami has notably seen decreasing population densities? END
START starting in what decade did immigration from inside the united states begin to have a significant influence on miami's population? END
START approximately how many multinationals have their latin american operation headquarters in miami? END
START why do so many multinationals have their latin american headquarters in miami? END
START along with celebrity, carnival, norwegian, oceania and royal caribbean, what cruise line is based in miami? END
START approximately how many multinationals don't have their latin american operation headquarters in miami? END
START approximately how many multinationals have their english american operation headquarters in miami? END
START why do so many multinationals don't have their latin american headquarters in miami? END
START why do so many multinationals have their english american headquarters in miami? END
START along with celebrity, carnival, norwegian, oceania and royal caribbean, what cruise line isn't based in miami? END
START along with unimás and univisión, what spanish language television station is headquartered in miami? END
START as of 2011, what percentage of original telemundo programming was filmed in miami? END
START along with sony music latin, what music recording corporation is located in miami? END
START what is the name of the business that produces a significant portion of telemundo's original programming? END
START along with unimás and univisión, what spanish language radio station is headquartered in miami? END
START as of 2017, what percentage of original telemundo programming was filmed in miami? END
START as of 2011, what percentage of original telemundo programming was filmed outside of miami? END
START along with sony music latin, what music recording corporation isn't located in miami? END
START what is the name of the business that produces a small portion of telemundo's original programming? END
START how many 400+ foot skyscrapers have been built or are in the process of being built in miami since 2001? END
START what us cities have more impressive skylines than miami's? END
START what is miami's world rank in terms of how impressive its skyline is? END
START of the fourteen tallest skyscrapers in florida, how many are in miami? END
START what is the tallest skyscraper in florida? END
START how many 400+ foot skyscrapers have been built or are in the process of being built in miami since 2011? END
START what un cities have more impressive skylines than miami's? END
START what is miami's world rank in terms of how unimpressive its skyline is? END
START of the fifteen tallest skyscrapers in florida, how many are in miami? END
START what is the shortest skyscraper in florida? END
START when did the florida land boom occur? END
START what year saw the crash of the miami housing market? END
START where does the area around miami rank nationally in terms of foreclosures? END
START along with its political corruption, why did forbes call miami the country's second most miserable city in 2011? END
START in what year did forbes call miami the country's most miserable city? END
START when did the florida land bust occur? END
START what year saw the boom of the miami housing market? END
START where does the area around miami rank internationally in terms of foreclosures? END
START along with its political corruption, why did forbes call miami the country's second most miserable city in 2001? END
START in what year did forbes call miami the country's least miserable city? END
START what is florida's busiest airport? END
START what is the busiest cruise port in the world? END
START in what year did miami play host to the negotiations concerning the free trade area of the americas? END
START what street is central to the financial district of miami? END
START along with the caribbean, from where does a significant amount of cargo enter mia? END
START what is florida's busiest seaport? END
START what is the least busy cruise port in the world? END
START in what year didn't miami play host to the negotiations concerning the free trade area of the americas? END
START what mountain is central to the financial district of miami? END
START along with the caribbean, from where does a significant amount of cargo enter mmi? END
START how many tourists come to miami each year? END
START how much money do tourists spend in miami every year? END
START what neighborhood is home to the art deco district? END
START who sponsors fashion week miami? END
START along with nightclubs, beaches and shopping, what notable attraction exists in the art deco district? END
START how many tourists don't come to miami each year? END
START how much money do tourists spend in miami every month? END
START what neighborhood is home to the art nouveau district? END
START along with nightclubs, beaches and shopping, what notable attraction doesn't exist in the art deco district? END
START who sponsors fashion month miami? END
START as of 2004, what city was the poorest in the united states? END
START what was the second poorest us city in 2004? END
START in 2004, what city ranked third poorest in america? END
START in what year did miami's government declare bankruptcy? END
START in terms of purchasing power, where did miami rank among world cities in a 2009 ubs study? END
START as of 2014, what city was the poorest in the united states? END
START what was the second poorest us city in 2014? END
START in what year didn't miami's government declare bankruptcy? END
START in 2014, what city ranked third poorest in america? END
START in terms of purchasing power, where did miami rank among world cities in a 2008 ubs study? END
START what is the largest performing arts center in the us? END
START what organization calls the adrienne arsht center for the performing arts home? END
START what is the largest venue in the adrienne arsht center for the performing arts? END
START where is lincoln center located? END
START what venue in miami is notable for hosting outdoor music? END
START what is the largest performing arts center in the un? END
START what disorganization calls the adrienne arsht center for the performing arts home? END
START what is the smallest venue in the adrienne arsht center for the performing arts? END
START where is lincoln center not located? END
START what venue in miami is unnotable for hosting outdoor music? END
START what group performed the song "hot number"? END
START in what year did the bee gees relocate to miami? END
START what band performed the song "conga"? END
START what music label showcased kc and the sunshine band? END
START in what decade was disco popular? END
START what group hated the song "hot number"? END
START in what year didn't the bee gees relocate to miami? END
START what band hated the song "conga"? END
START what music label snubbed kc and the sunshine band? END
START in what decade was disco unpopular? END
START along with electro and disco, what genre of music influenced freestyle? END
START what genre of music does uffie perform? END
START where did the band nonpoint form? END
START what is ana cristina's ethnicity? END
START along with cat power, what indie/folk musician is based in miami? END
START along with electro and disco, what genre of music never influenced freestyle? END
START what genre of music doesn't uffie perform? END
START where didn't the band nonpoint form? END
START what isn't ana cristina's ethnicity? END
START along with cat power, what indie/folk musician isn't based in miami? END
START who was the warsaw ballroom's house dj? END
START by what other name is john benetiz known? END
START in what area of miami is there a notable secondhand turntable market? END
START who was the warsaw ballroom's house jd? END
START who wasn't the warsaw ballroom's house dj? END
START by what other name is john benetiz unknown? END
START in what area of miami isn't there a notable secondhand turntable market? END
START in what area of miami is there an unnotable secondhand turntable market? END
START what is a notable restaurant in little havana? END
START along with benihana and burger king, what chain restaurant is headquartered in miami? END
START in what decade did cuban immigrants introduce their cuisine to miami? END
START what ocean is miami adjacent to? END
START along with the miami river, near what body of water are miami seafood restaurants notably located? END
START what is an unnotable restaurant in little havana? END
START along with benihana and burger king, what chain restaurant isn't headquartered in miami? END
START in what decade did cuban immigrants hide their cuisine to miami? END
START what river is miami adjacent to? END
START along with the miami river, near what body of water are miami seafood restaurants notably not located? END
START what is another term for miami's dialect? END
START what area of the country has a similar dialect to miami? END
START what non-english language influences the miami dialect? END
START what isn't another term for miami's dialect? END
START what is another term for florida's dialect? END
START what area of the country has a dissimilar dialect to miami? END
START what english language influences the miami dialect? END
START what non-english language doesn't influence the miami dialect? END
START what sport do the miami heat play? END
START what is the nickname of miami's nfl team? END
START what professional hockey team is based in miami? END
START at what tournament in miami is professional tennis played? END
START where do nascar races in miami take place? END
START what sport don't the miami heat play? END
START what isn't the nickname of miami's nfl team? END
START what professional hockey team is based outside of miami? END
START at what tournament in miami is amateur tennis played? END
START where don't nascar races in miami take place? END
START how many gardens and parks are in miami? END
START in what park is the american airlines arena located? END
START due to the presence of coral reefs, what activities are popular in biscayne bay? END
START in what neighborhood is bicentennial park located? END
START why can outdoor activities take place all year in miami? END
START how many gardens and parks aren't in miami? END
START outside of what park is the american airlines arena located? END
START due to the presence of coral reefs, what activities are unpopular in biscayne bay? END
START in what neighborhood is bicentennial park not located? END
START why can indoor activities take place all year in miami? END
START under what government system does miami operate? END
START how many members are on the city commission? END
START who is the mayor of miami? END
START what is the street address of miami city hall? END
START in what neighborhood is miami city hall located? END
START under what government system doesn't miami operate? END
START how many members aren't on the city commission? END
START who isn't the mayor of miami? END
START what isn't the street address of miami city hall? END
START in what neighborhood is miami city hall not located? END
START when did el nuevo herald leave miami? END
START in what community is the miami herald currently located? END
START among television markets in florida, where dies miami rank? END
START what is the largest newspaper in miami? END
START what is miami's largest newspaper written in spanish? END
START when did el nuevo herald stay in miami? END
START in what community is the miami herald currently not located? END
START among radio markets in florida, where does miami rank? END
START what is the smallest newspaper in miami? END
START what is miami's smallest newspaper written in spanish? END
START in what neighborhood of miami is miami new times based? END
START what neighborhood houses the headquarters of miami today? END
START approximately how many people read the miami herald? END
START for what university is the beacon the student newspaper? END
START what is the name of the student newspaper at barry university? END
START in what neighborhood of miami isn't miami new times based? END
START what neighborhood no longer houses the headquarters of miami today? END
START for what university isn't the beacon the student newspaper? END
START approximately how many people write the miami herald? END
START what isn't the name of the student newspaper at barry university? END
START when did univisión announce it was building a production studio in miami? END
START what was the name of the production studio built in miami by univisión? END
START where will the programs made at univisión studios be broadcast? END
START when did univisión announce it wasn't building a production studio in miami? END
START when did fox announce it was building a production studio in miami? END
START what was the name of the production studio built in miami by fox? END
START what wasn't the name of the production studio built in miami by univisión? END
START where will the programs made at univisión studios not be broadcast? END
START how many passengers use miami international airport annually? END
START what airline uses miami international as its biggest international gateway? END
START what airport is the largest international port of entry for overseas air travelers in the united states? END
START from miami international airport, to approximately how many non-american cities can one fly nonstop? END
START how many pilots use miami international airport annually? END
START what airline uses miami international as its smallest international gateway? END
START what airport is the smallest international port of entry for overseas air travelers in the united states? END
START what airport is the largest international port of entry for overseas sea travelers in the united states? END
START from miami international airport, to approximately how many american cities can one fly nonstop? END
START along with "cargo gateway of the americas," what is another nickname for portmiami? END
START how many passengers used portmiami in 2007? END
START how many tons of cargo arrived in portmiami in 2007? END
START what north american port sees the largest amount of imported and exported cargo? END
START how many square kilometers is portmiami? END
START along with "cargo gateway of the americas," what isn't another nickname for portmiami? END
START how many passengers used portmiami in 2017? END
START how many tons of cargo arrived in portmiami in 2017? END
START what south american port sees the largest amount of imported and exported cargo? END
START how many square meters is portmiami? END
START what is the name of miami's heavy-rail system? END
START how many miles long is metrorail? END
START how many stations does metrorail have? END
START how many lines does metromover have? END
START how much does it cost to use metromover? END
START what is the name of miami's light-rail system? END
START how many yards long is metrorail? END
START how many stations doesn't metrorail have? END
START how many lines doesn't metromover have? END
START how much doesn't it cost to use metromover? END
START what year was to see the completion of the miami intermodal center? END
START when was phase ii of the miami center station supposed to enter service? END
START approximately how many people were intended to use miami intermodal center? END
START what airport is miami intermodal center next to? END
START what part of 2012 was to have seen phase i of miami central station begin? END
START what year was to see the incompletion of the miami intermodal center? END
START when was phase iii of the miami center station supposed to enter service? END
START approximately how many people were unintended to use miami intermodal center? END
START what airport is miami intermodal center not next to? END
START what part of 2002 was to have seen phase i of miami central station begin? END
START along with the silver star, what amtrak line runs to miami? END
START from miami, to where does the silver star run? END
START in what city is the miami amtrak station? END
START in what year was the miami central station originally supposed to have been completed? END
START after the first delay, in what year was the miami central station supposed to open? END
START along with the silver star, what amtrak line no longer runs to miami? END
START from miami, to where doesn't the silver star run? END
START in what country is the miami amtrak station? END
START in what year was the miami central station originally supposed to have been incomplete? END
START after the first delay, in what year was the miami central station supposed to close? END
START along with orlando, what city would have been connected to miami via florida high speed rail? END
START who was the governor of florida in 2011? END
START in what year did all aboard florida begin? END
START what company is responsible for all aboard florida? END
START from south florida, where will all aboard florida stretch to? END
START along with orlando, what city wouldn't have been connected to miami via florida high speed rail? END
START who was the governor of florida in 2001? END
START in what year did all aboard florida end? END
START what company isn't responsible for all aboard florida? END
START from north florida, where will all aboard florida stretch to? END
START what company was previously headquartered in the downtown macy's? END
START what is another name for tamiami trail? END
START in what neighborhood of miami is the corner of miami avenue and flagler street? END
START what is miami's street plan called? END
START if a street is west of miami avenue and north of flagler street, what will necessarily be in its address? END
START what company was never headquartered in the downtown macy's? END
START what isn't another name for tamiami trail? END
START in what neighborhood of miami is the corner of miami avenue and florida street? END
START what is miami's street plan not called? END
START if a street is west of miami avenue and north of flagler street, what won't necessarily be in its address? END
START along with virginia key, what does the rickenbacker causeway connect to brickell? END
START what causeway connects south beach with downtown? END
START which miami causeway has the smallest size? END
START what causeway is furthest to the south? END
START how many major causeways are in miami? END
START along with virginia key, what doesn't the rickenbacker causeway connect to brickell? END
START what causeway connects south beach with uptown? END
START which miami causeway has the largest size? END
START what causeway is closest to the south? END
START how many minor causeways are in miami? END
START what cannot travel on downtown miami streets during "bike miami"? END
START how many people participated in bike miami in october of 2009? END
START who was a recent mayor of miami? END
START along with downtown, in what neighborhood of miami does bike miami take place? END
START in what month in 2008 did bike miami start? END
START what can travel on downtown miami streets during "bike miami"? END
START how many people participated in bike miami in october of 2008? END
START who was a non-recent mayor of miami? END
START along with uptown, in what neighborhood of miami does bike miami take place? END
START in what month in 2018 did bike miami start? END
START who founded philadelphia? END
START what role did philadelphia play in the american revolution? END
START what purpose did philadelphia serve while d.c. was under construction? END
START when did it reach 2 million occupants> END
START what was the historical economic base of philadelphia? END
START when did the city near bankruptcy? END
START where did wealthy residents move? END
START who replaced the wealthy? END
START what is the gdp of the city? END
START where does it rank in comparison to other us cities in gdp? END
START how many fortune 500 companies call philadelpia home? END
START how many domestic tourists visit annually? END
START what branch of the us military was born in philadelphia? END
START what native american tribe lived in the area before settlement? END
START what other tribe occasionally fought against the lenape? END
START what disease killed the most lenape? END
START where did the lenape go after being pushed out of the philidelphia area? END
START where do the lenape reside today? END
START who were the first settlers to the delaware valley? END
START what was the name of the first settlement in the area? END
START who claimed the entire delaware river? END
START when did the english conquer the new netherland colony? END
START who founded the pennsylvania colony? END
START who did penn buy the land from? END
START what religion did william penn practice? END
START when was philadelphia established as a city? END
START what type of street layout did penn use for philadelphia? END
START what important revolutionary document was signed in philadelphia? END
START when did philadelphia host the constitutional convention? END
START how many revolutionary war battles were fought around philadelphia? END
START when did the us government leave philadelphia for d.c.? END
START what religion did the black community found? END
START which city surpassed the population of philadelphia? END
START what type of economy did philadelphia have? END
START what was philadelphia's biggest industry during the 19th century? END
START when was the first world's fair? END
START which were the two biggest immigrant groups in philadelphia? END
START what is the size in square miles today? END
START who carried out the first strike in north america? END
START when did the strike take place? END
START what did the strikers achieve? END
START why did so many irish immigrants come to philadelphia? END
START when did the black population explode? END
START which political party controlled philadelphia in the early 20th century? END
START what phrase could describe philadelphia of the early 20th century? END
START when did the first major political reform occur? END
START when was the peak of philadelphia's population? END
START why did the population decline after this time? END
START what is the main driver of the economy now? END
START what is another large industry? END
START how much of the population left after 1950? END
START who planned the central city? END
START which rivers run through the city? END
START how many public parks did penn plan? END
START how many live in the central area today? END
START how many planning districts make up philadelphia? END
START when was the 1980 zoning code revamped? END
START which two mayors accomplished the zoning code revamp? END
START name 6 important philadelphia architects? END
START who is philadelphia's greatest architect of the later 19th century? END
START when did building begin on the philadelphia city hall? END
START what commission was created in 1955? END
START what does this commission control? END
START how tall is the city hall? END
START what is the tallest building? END
START which building under construction will surpass comcast center? END
START what is the dominant type of house in philadelphia? END
START what are row houses called outside of philadelphia? END
START name a type of row house in the city? END
START how old is most of the housing in philadelphia? END
START which neighborhood has the oldest housing in america? END
START what climate zone does philadelphia fall under? END
START what is the summer weather like? END
START what is the normal snowfall? END
START how much rain does philly get on average? END
START what is the most rain in one day? END
START what is the average january temp? END
START what is the july average temp? END
START what is the average time for freezing temps? END
START how long does the grow season last on average? END
START which month is the driest? END
START what is the 2014 population? END
START when was the low point in philadelphia's population? END
START how much is the population predicted to grow by 2035? END
START what is the percent of blacks? END
START what is the percent of whites? END
START what is the hispanic make-up of the population? END
START what is the largest european ancestry? END
START what is the density? END
START how many houses or apartments were there in 2010? END
START what percent are vacant as of 2013? END
START what percent don't own cars? END
START what percent own 2 or more cars? END
START at the last census how many households had children under 18 in them? END
START what percent were non-family households? END
START what is the size of the average household? END
START percentage of unwed births? END
START what was the median household income in 2013? END
START what is the name of a wealthy neighborhood? END
START what is the lowest median income in philadelphia? END
START what is the city's largest age group? END
START how many people at the last census were under 18? END
START how many baby's were there in 2013? END
START how many deaths were there in 2013? END
START name the six largest european ethnic groups in the city? END
START which city has the largest irish and italian populations? END
START what area of the city has a large italian neighborhood? END
START which three areas are high in irish and polish? END
START which part of the city has a large jewish area? END
START name three sub-cultures in the center city? END
START what is the name of the gay district? END
START name a university located in the city? END
START what percent of 5 year olds or older speak english? END
START what percent of 5 year olds or older speak spanish? END
START what is the total over 5's that speak another language than english? END
START unemployment rate in 2014? END
START what was the average unemployment rate in the u.s. in 2014? END
START how many jobs were gained in 2014? END
START what industries accounted for most of the city's job gains? END
START what industries suffered declines? END
START which is the biggest historical sites? END
START how many unesco sites does the u.s. have? END
START where was the declaration of independence signed? END
START what famous bell is in philadelphia? END
START what famous writer has a house in philadelphia? END
START name the archaeology museum? END
START name a museum named after a founding father? END
START which city had the nations first zoo? END
START name philidelphia's largest park? END
START name the accent spoken in the area? END
START which dialect is it similar to? END
START what other city is similar to philadelphia's accent? END
START who studies the accent at the university of pennsylvania? END
START name two districts with good night life? END
START what is the home of the orchestra? END
START what is the countries oldest opera house? END
START who uses the opera house? END
START what is the oldest theater in the u.s.? END
START which american city has the most public art? END
START what was the assoc. for public art called in the past? END
START how many pieces of art were funded by the percent for art ordinance? END
START name a type of music from the 70's that influenced the nation? END
START what concert did philly host on july13th, 1985? END
START what is the name of the stadium that held live aid? END
START name a hip/hop artist from the city? END
START what water sport is popular in the city? END
START what is the symbol of rowing in the city? END
START what is the name of the big rowing races? END
START where are these races held? END
START what type of government does philadelphia have? END
START how many terms can a mayor serve? END
START who is the current mayor? END
START what party does the mayor represent? END
START what is the legislative branch called? END
START what is the main trial court called? END
START what type of cases are heard here? END
START how are judges appointed? END
START who was the last republican da? END
START what party dominated until the mid-20th century END
START what happened in philadelphia in 1856? END
START when did the democrats take the city? END
START who won the most votes in the city in '08? END
START how many congressional districts are there in the city? END
START how many congressional districts were there at the peak population? END
START who represents the 8th district? END
START when was the last major republican representation of a large part of the city? END
START who was the last republican to be fairly competitive in the mayoral race? END
START did the crime rate go up or down after the war years? END
START how many murders occurred in 1990? END
START what was the average murder rate during the 90's? END
START how many murders occurred in 2013? END
START when did shootings peak in the city? END
START how many shootings were there in that year? END
START has violent crime rate fallen or risen in the last 10 years? END
START what rank in danger does philadelphia have in the u.s.? END
START has public school enrollment dropped or increased in the last 5 years? END
START how many public schools have been closed in 2013? END
START how much does the city spend per year per child? END
START have grad rates fallen or increased in the last years? END
START what was the grad rate in 2005? END
START what was it in 2014? END
START is that the above or below the national average? END
START what is the largest private institution in the city? END
START what are the 3 research universities in the city? END
START how many med schools are there? END
START how many major papers are published? END
START what is the 3rd oldest paper in the nation? END
START who owns the major papers in the city? END
START name a smaller newspaper? END
START what community does the tribune serve? END
START what paper serves the lgbt community? END
START name a jewish newspaper? END
START where was the first radio license granted? END
START when did the first radio stations appear? END
START name the 3 public radio stations? END
START who owned w3xe? END
START when did it become nbc's first affiliate? END
START what show started out in the city? END
START when did septa service get cut? END
START why did septa rail service get cut? END
START has service ever been restored? END
START name a proposed project to repalce it? END
START name the main airport? END
START where does phl rank in the list of busiest airports? END
START what airline uses this airport as its primary international hub? END
START what is the main north-south freeway called? END
START what is part of i-76 called? END
START when was the vine street expressway finished? END
START name a bridge in the city? END
START what is another name for the roosevelt expressway? END
START when was woodhaven road built? END
START what neighborhoods does cottman avenue serve? END
START what is another name for the fort washington expressway? END
START what is us-30 also known as? END
START what bus line uses the city as a hub? END
START where is greyhound terminal located? END
START how many other bus companies operate from philadelphia? END
START what is the name of the six bus companies? END
START name 2 rail companies that use the city as a hub? END
START where did the pennsylvania railroad have their first station? END
START where did the reading operate out of? END
START what is reading terminal called now? END
START what was the first water supply system called? END
START who provides the city water now? END
START where dos pwd get it's water from? END
START how many pumping stations are there in the sewer system? END
START how many miles of sewers are in the city? END
START what is the largest city owned gas utility? END
START how many homes does pgw serve? END
START when was pgw founded? END
START when did the city take pgw over? END
START what area code is used in philadelphia in 1947? END
START when was the 610 area code added? END
START when was the 267 added? END
START what city in poland is a sister city to philadelphia? END
START what city in israel is a sister city to philadelphia? END
START when was torun triangle built? END
START what else does the triangle contain? END
START how many sister cities does philadelphia have? END
START what was kerry's major? END
START where did kerry go to college? END
START what branch of the military did kerry join? END
START what medals did kerry win? END
START what group was kerry a spokesman for? END
START where did kerry get a law degree? END
START who was kerry an lt. gov. for? END
START when did kerry become a senator? END
START where was kerry an lt. gov.? END
START when was kerry an lt. gov.? END
START when did kerry run for president? END
START who was kerry's running mate? END
START how much did kerry lose by? END
START who was bush's running mate? END
START what is kerry's middle name? END
START at what facility was kerry born? END
START what was kerry's father's religion? END
START what was kerry's mother's religion? END
START what is kerry's older sibling's name? END
START what was kerry's role in the yale political union as a junior? END
START what secret society did kerry join? END
START what country did kerry visit as a student? END
START who was kerry's most influential professor? END
START what was kerry's role in the yale political union as a sophomore? END
START when did kerry join the naval reserve? END
START when did kerry become a navy officer? END
START how long was officer candidate school? END
START where is the navy training center? END
START when did kerry publish his memories of vietnam? END
START what kind of ship was the uss gridley? END
START what was the formal name of 'swift boats'? END
START how long were swift boats? END
START what had kerry expected the 'swift boats' to do? END
START where was kerry's boat on dec 2-3, 1968? END
START how many crew were with kerry? END
START who were in kerry's crew? END
START what did kerry's crew destroy? END
START where was kerry injured? END
START when did kerry earn his 2nd purple heart? END
START where did kerry earn his 2nd purple heart? END
START what munition hit kerry's boat? END
START where did kerry's boat escape to safety? END
START when did kerry earn a silver star? END
START where did kerry earn a silver star? END
START how many swift boats did kerry command? END
START who awarded the silver star to kerry? END
START what story described the events of feb 28, 1969? END
START who was kerry's commander? END
START what complaint did elliot have about kerry's actions? END
START where did kerry receive his silver star? END
START when was a press release put out about kerry earning the silver star? END
START what was released on march 17, 1969? END
START where was kerry on mar 13, 1969? END
START on what body part was kerry wounded on mar 13, 1969? END
START what was kerry doing when he was wounded on mar 13, 1969? END
START what was the lead boat on mar 13? END
START what boat was kerry on, on mar 13? END
START what boat was rassmann on? END
START who fell overboard from kerry's boat? END
START what was rassmann's job? END
START what medal did kerry earn for rescuing rassmann? END
START what does the combat v mean? END
START which wound allowed kerry to leave combat duty? END
START where was kerry reassigned in april 1969? END
START when did kerry become a lieutenant? END
START who was kerry a personal aide for? END
START when did kerry leave the naval reserve? END
START who kept george w. bush out of vietnam? END
START what military branch was george w. bush in? END
START how did republicans attack kerry? END
START what did sbvt change its name to? END
START what term was inspired by the attacks on kerry? END
START how many members did vvaw have when kerry joined it? END
START what vvaw investigation was kerry involved in? END
START who was melvin laird? END
START what did laird refuse to court-martial kerry for? END
START what did kerry do on apr 22, 1971? END
START what was the topic of the hearing kerry testified on? END
START what did kerry throw over a fence? END
START why did kerry participate in the protest? END
START how many vets participated in the protest? END
START when was kerry arrested for protesting? END
START who was being honored on may 30, 1971? END
START how many people were arrested with kerry? END
START at what time was kerry arrested? END
START why were the protesters arrested? END
START who had kerry considered running against in 1970? END
START in which district had kerry considered running in 1970? END
START who ran against philbin instead of kerry? END
START why did morse retire? END
START what political party was morse in? END
START what was paul sheehy's job? END
START what was difruscia's position? END
START who did kerry share a campaign headquarters with? END
START why was kerry's brother messing with phone lines? END
START what is kerry's younger brother's name? END
START what party did durkin run as? END
START how far ahead of cronin did kerry poll? END
START what slant did the sun have? END
START who did kerry say tried to stop his campaign? END
START how did kerry want to create jobs? END
START how many votes did cronin get against kerry? END
START what percent of votes did cronin get against kerry? END
START how many votes did kerry get against cronin? END
START what percent of votes did kerry get against cronin? END
START what did kerry think cost him the race against cronin? END
START where did kerry move after the 1972 election? END
START what did kerry's brother call the decade after 1972? END
START what did kerry fundraise for? END
START when did kerry enter law school? END
START where was kerry a talk radio host? END
START when did kerry become an ada? END
START what condition did droney have? END
START what is als's nickname? END
START what senator did kerry investigate in 1978? END
START why was brooke being investigated? END
START when did kerry consider running for president if droney didn't? END
START when did kerry leave the da's office? END
START who left the da's office with kerry? END
START what bakery did kerry co-found? END
START who did kerry start a bakery with? END
START what was paul tsongas's job in 1984? END
START when did kerry run for senate? END
START when did kerry run for lt governor? END
START what was james shannon's job? END
START what was tip o'neill's job? END
START when did kerry visit nicaragua? END
START who did kerry visit nicaragua with? END
START where was tom harkin from? END
START who did kerry visit in nicaragua? END
START what was criticized about ortega's administration? END
START who did kerry's staff expose in an oct 14 report? END
START who had oliver north been supporting? END
START who were the contras? END
START what government agencies worked with north? END
START what crime had kerry said north committed? END
START who was the state department giving money to? END
START where had the money given to drug traffickers come from? END
START how much money did the state department give the traffickers? END
START what was the response to kerry's accusation of funding traffickers? END
START where is the bcci based? END
START what bank helped noriega? END
START when was bcci shut down? END
START who collaborated in the report about bcci? END
START what was the bcci report called? END
START who ran against kerry in 1996? END
START when weld was re-elected governor, how much of the vote did he get? END
START when was weld re-elected governor? END
START what did kerry and weld agree to limit their campaign spending to? END
START who broke the agreed-upon spending cap? END
START what was kerry supposed to say when he 'botched a joke'? END
START who was kerry saying was stuck in iraq? END
START what mistake did kerry make in the joke? END
START who did the washington post say kerry was an envoy for? END
START when did the washington post say kerry was important envoy? END
START how, in may 2011, did the wapo describe bin laden's killing? END
START what did kerry get from the pakistanis? END
START who was pakistan's army chief in 2013? END
START who said kerry was the 'top senate liberal'? END
START when was kerry called the 'top senate liberal'? END
START what was kerry's actual career voting rank for 'liberalness'? END
START what trade agreement did kerry support? END
START what trade agreement did kerry oppose? END
START when did kerry say he intended to support the iraq war? END
START when did bush declare the iraq war? END
START who did kerry say we should disarm? END
START when did kerry speak at georgetown university? END
START what committee did kerry chair in 1991-1993? END
START what did the pow/mia committee conclude about vietnam pows? END
START when did kerry sponsor a resolution to reopen trade with vietnam? END
START who sponsored the resolution to reopen trade with vietnam, along with kerry? END
START when did bill clinton normalize relations with vietnam? END
START where was john edwards a senator? END
START where was howard dean a governor? END
START what was wesley clark's former job? END
START who won the 2004 iowa democratic caucus? END
START when did kerry choose john edwards to be his vp? END
START who did kerry criticize during the 2004 campaign? END
START why did kerry criticize bush during the 2004 campaign? END
START what had kerry voted against after supporting the initial iraq authorization? END
START what did bush's campaign call kerry for changing his mind about iraq? END
START what was kerry's pac? END
START what was the mission of keeping america's promise? END
START how many down-ballot candidates did kerry help support? END
START how many states' down-ballot candidates did kerry help support? END
START which election did kerry's pac focus on? END
START when was it reported that kerry would become sos? END
START who was secretary of state before kerry? END
START who backed out of becoming sos after hillary? END
START why did rice withdraw? END
START when was kerry's appointment confirmed? END
START who complained about how kerry ran the state dept? END
START what was the complaint about how kerry ran the state dept? END
START how had some state employees described kerry? END
START who published the ivory tower survey? END
START what was kerry's ranking in the ivory tower survey for effectiveness as sos? END
START who met kerry in jan 2014? END
START what country did kerry discuss with parolin? END
START what did the pope express support for in jan 2014? END
START how many people did kerry say had died in syria as of jan 2014? END
START who was syria's president in 2014? END
START what did kerry say syria could do to avoid a military strike? END
START which country convinced syria to actually give up its chemical weapons? END
START what was sergey lavrov's position? END
START when did the un security council order syria's chemical weapons be destroyed? END
START where did kerry speak in nov 2013? END
START what did kerry say had ended, in the nov 2013 speech? END
START when did kerry speak to the oas? END
START who was kerry's paternal grandmother? END
START who was kerry's paternal grandfather? END
START what was kerry's paternal grandmother's career? END
START what was kerry's paternal grandfather's career? END
START where did kerry's paternal grandparents immigrate from? END
START when did kerry and his wife separate? END
START when did kerry and his wife divorce? END
START when did kerry and his wife get an annullment? END
START what book did kerry's ex-wife write? END
START who did kerry's ex-wife remarry? END
START who is kerry's 2nd wife? END
START what is kerry's 2nd wife's nationality? END
START who was kerry's 2nd wife's previous husband? END
START when did kerry and teresa meet? END
START where did kerry and teresa meet? END
START what was teresa heinz kerry's net worth in 2004 according to forbes? END
START what range of estimates have been given for teresa heinz kerry's net worth? END
START what was kerry's mother's name? END
START when did kerry's mother pass away? END
START where would kerry have ranked among richest us presidents, adjusted for inflation? END
START what religion is kerry? END
START what religious items did kerry bring with him while campaigning? END
START what is st. christopher the patron saint of? END
START what did kerry do in the church while living in switzerland? END
START which part of the bible did kerry find the most moving? END
START who interviewed kerry in oct 2004 about his religion? END
START what did kerry tell christianity today that he is open-minded to? END
START what did kerry say about major religious texts? END
START who said kerry is an 'avid cyclist'? END
START what type of bicycle does kerry prefer? END
START what are 'centuries' in bicycling? END
START what bicycles did kerry use while campaigning? END
START what other sports does kerry participate in? END
START what type of yacht did kerry buy? END
START how expensive was kerry's yacht? END
START where was kerry's yacht built? END
START how much sales tax did kerry owe on the yacht? END
START which state received kerry's yacht's sales tax? END
START how many square kilometers is rajasthan? END
START what percentage of india's total area is rajasthan? END
START what are alternative names the thar desert is known by? END
START what province in pakistan does rajasthan border on its north? END
START the dilwara temples are a pilgrimage site for whom? END
START what is the area of the jain desert? END
START what percentage of total area does the thar desert take up in punjab? END
START what is the literal meaning of madhya pradesh? END
START what is uttar pradesh known for? END
START what are the names of the two tiger reserves in haryana? END
START when was the first usage of the word rajasthan? END
START in what publication did the name rajasthan first appear? END
START what is another name for the rajasthan region? END
START in what year did george thomas write the memoir known as military memories? END
START who wrote the book entitled india: a history? END
START when was the word rajpoot first used? END
START what is another name for islamic india? END
START what did john keay write in 1829? END
START when was the word ferishta coined by the british? END
START what phrase did james tod use when translating ferishta's history of islamic india? END
START some portions of rajasthan were involved with what ancient civilization? END
START in what indus valley civilization district was kalibangan within? END
START what were the saka rulers of western india believed to be called? END
START over what time period were the western kshatrapas in power? END
START the kushans ruled what part of the indian subcontinent? END
START during what time period were the hanumangarh in power? END
START who were the hanumangarh successors to? END
START over what area did the sindh rule? END
START what area did the saurashtra invade to establish the saka era? END
START who was the capital of gujarat named after? END
START members of what tribe were exterminated in ajmer? END
START what tribe formerly ruled kota? END
START what was the name of the group that formerly ruled bundi? END
START what is another way to refer to the phulmali? END
START the jats assisted in building what state? END
START what are three tribes that helped build the state of gujars? END
START what did rajasthan suffer in trying to protect its culture? END
START what area did saini once rule? END
START what two areas did the charans rule? END
START members of what group were killed in jats and bhils fighting invaders? END
START what empire stopped arab invasions? END
START arab attempted to invade the gurjar pratihar empire beginning in what century? END
START what was the most notable accomplishment of the gurjara pratihara empire? END
START which historian claims that even the arabs acknowledged the importance of the gurjara pratihara empire in stopping invasions? END
START arab conquest was limited to what region? END
START what did the arab empire act as a barrier against? END
START for how long did the arab empire stand? END
START what is the main accomplishment of the arab empire? END
START what did sindh note that indian historians wondered about? END
START how long did it take the gurjara pratihara army to conquer sindh? END
START how many princely states of rajputana contain? END
START what is the name of the british district within rajputana? END
START bharatpur is an example of what kind of state? END
START under a muslim nawab there was a princely state, what was its name? END
START what families rose to power in the 6th century? END
START how many princely states are included in alwar? END
START what is the name of the british district in mewar? END
START during what era did marwar familes become prominent? END
START how long did the marwar resist islamic invasions? END
START what did the alwar acquire through skilled warfare? END
START what group in the rajasthan region started to have internal disputes? END
START in what century did the mughal empire come into decline? END
START the maratharas gained what over rajputana? END
START where were the marathas from? END
START in what year did the british empire replace the maratha empire? END
START how long did the mughal empire rule marantha? END
START when did the mughal empire replace the british empire? END
START what did the british empire gain over rajputana? END
START what did the british empire have over time that was distracting? END
START what century marked the decline of the british empire? END
START which mountain range goes through rajasthan? END
START what is the length in miles of the aravalli range? END
START what peak is at the southwestern part of the aravalli range? END
START which river separates the main aravelli ranges? END
START what portion of rajasthan is east and south of the aravalli range? END
START how long is the west banas river? END
START how much of mount abu is northwest of raisina hill? END
START where at the range does delhi lie? END
START what continues into the thar desert in the direction of delhi? END
START how far across rajasthan does the haryana run? END
START dry and sandy conditions are indicative of which region of rajasthan?  END
START which desert is in the northwestern part of rajasthan? END
START what is the most populous city in the thar desert? END
START what are the names of the major districts of the thar? END
START rainfall in the thar desert region is less than what amount each year on avarage? END
START what part of pakistan is sandy and dry? END
START in what area is the town of nagour the largest city? END
START what town is the gateway to the arabian sea? END
START what are some major districts in pakistan? END
START what is pakistan's largest airbase? END
START what is a characteristic of the region to the east of the aravalli range? END
START what is the name of the ecoregion to the east and southeast of the aravalli range? END
START what are two examples of trees in the broadleaf forests east of the aravalli's? END
START what is the name of the region which is home to dungarpur? END
START what is the most heavily forested region in rajasthan? END
START besides gujarat, what is the wettest region in rajasthan? END
START what is another characterisitic of the gujarat region? END
START what region is north of uttar pradesh where udaipur and chittaurgarh are located? END
START what rivers are the udaipur drained by? END
START what are the haryana and dhundhar tributaries of? END
START how many meters high is guru shikhar? END
START what percentage of rajasthan is to the northwest of the aravalli range? END
START what is the average elevation of the south-eastern region of rajasthan? END
START a tableland is contained within what to southeastern districts? END
START what river runs along the badlands in the northeast of rajasthan END
START what is the elevation of mewar? END
START how does merta city divide the state? END
START what are the plains of northeastern mewar a part of? END
START what city lies in the geographical center of the thar desert? END
START what is the topography of the hilly tract of khetri in the south? END
START which region contains desert national park? END
START how many square miles is desert national park? END
START what types of large fossils are found in desert national park? END
START what are the most common types of eagles one might see in the jaisalmer region? END
START what is another name for a laggar falcon? END
START what type of bird in the region is a harrier? END
START besides falco jugger, what is the other name for short-toed eagles? END
START what is the latin name of one of the most common buzzards? END
START what is the scientific name for harrier? END
START what do migratory and resident birds help scientists do? END
START what rajasthani national park is known for its tigers? END
START how many tigers were relocated to sariska? END
START ranthamb national park is known by photographers as what? END
START why did tigers became extinct in sariska? END
START what is sarska know for worldwide? END
START what is sarska considered by wilderness lovers and photographers? END
START why did tigers become extinct in bhensrod garh? END
START what has jawahar sagar sanctuary done to help increase the tiger population? END
START what sanctuary does bhensrod garh consider the best place to relocate tigers? END
START the rajasthan economy is largely composed of what type of industries? END
START what are rajasthans two main cash crops? END
START what type of oil does rajasthan produce some of the largest amounts of in india? END
START rajasthan consumes the most of what product? END
START how many crop seasons are there in rajasthan? END
START how many opium producers are in india? END
START where does the water for cotton and tobacco come from? END
START what area produces the most tobacco? END
START how many sugar cane seasons are there? END
START what does the indira ghandi canal help produce over large areas? END
START what type of fibre is rajasthan ranked 2nd in production of? END
START what is the largest city for polyster blouse pieces in rajasthan? END
START from what town did the marble in the taj mahal come? END
START what type of deposits are found at sambhar? END
START what kind of mines are found in khetri and jhunjhunu ? END
START what does bhiwandi produce more of than kota? END
START what prominent companies are located in pali? END
START what was mined in pali for the taj mahal? END
START what type of mines are in bhilwara? END
START what is another term for white marble? END
START what are earnings from crude oil in rajasthan expected to be in 2013? END
START how many barrels of crude oil from barmer is rajasthan allowed to extract each day? END
START the leader in indian crude oil production at 250,000 barrels per day is what region? END
START what group is conducting exploration for rajasthan's crude oil?? END
START how many barrels per day is currently being extracted from the barmer region? END
START what amount is expected to be earned from oil in cairn india in 2013? END
START what has the indian government given cairn permission to extract per day? END
START how many barrels per day does cairn extract now? END
START how much does cairn earn per day in revenue from crude oil? END
START how much has oil production increased in cairn? END
START what type of food was preferred in rajasthani cooking? END
START along with scarce green vegetables, what had an impact on rajasthani cooking? END
START what type of snack is rajasthan known for? END
START what famous dish is also known as hot garlic paste? END
START vegetarian restaurants come from which rajasthani region? END
START what has the scarcity of food that could last for days affected? END
START what was bikaneri bhujia cooking influenced by? END
START what concept originates from the bikaneri bhujia region? END
START what is the traditional way to serve pyaaj kachori? END
START how is pyaaj kachori served? END
START what type of dance comes from jodhpur marwar? END
START kalbeliya dance is from which region? END
START what type of music plays a big part in the culture of rajasthan? END
START heroic deeds are often a theme of what type of rajasthani song? END
START what kind of song is referred to as a bhajan? END
START what are examples of the ghoomar dance? END
START what have folk songs from jodhpur marwar gained? END
START what is a large part of dholak culture? END
START what are sarangi commonly called? END
START what themes do dholak commonly relate when sung? END
START bagaru and sanganer represent what type of art? END
START zari is a type of what art that is a major rajasthani export? END
START females in rajasthan wear what type of traditional clothing? END
START what are the names for a traditional female short-top piece of clothing? END
START what colors are dresses in rajasthan typically made using? END
START what are some things exported from zari? END
START what is zari known for? END
START what type of items are usually found in baragu? END
START what type of embellishment do zari clothes have? END
START what colors are traditional zari dresses made of? END
START what type of possession has been documented in rajasthan? END
START what underworld god possess rajasthanis? END
START what are possessed individuals known as?  END
START ghorala is another word for what? END
START what results from possession by even benign spirits? END
START what type of posession has been documented by muslim saints? END
START what is a benign spirit referred to as? END
START what are foregin tourists regarded as by bhaironji? END
START what is another word for stillborn infant? END
START what underworld god posesses muslim saints? END
START what was the literacy rate of rajasthan in 1991? END
START how many females had the ability to read in rajasthan in 1991? END
START what was the rise in female literacy between 1991 and 2001 in rajasthan? END
START what is the national average for literacy in india? END
START what was the literacy rate of rajasthan in 2001? END
START what did the literacy rate in india increase to in 1991? END
START in the 1991 census what was the female literacy rate? END
START how far below the average is literacy for women in india in 2001 END
START what was the literacy rate for men at the 1991 census? END
START how has the state been recognized for its census effort? END
START what are the to main educational hubs of rajasthan? END
START in what educational hub would one find aiims? END
START what is is kota known as within india? END
START how many universities does rajasthan have? END
START how many engineering colleges are in rajasthan? END
START what are two main educatonal centers of birla? END
START what term is birla referred to as? END
START how many colleges are in birla? END
START what is the annual enrollment in birla? END
START how many polytechnic colleges are in birla? END
START what percentage of india's foreign visitors came to rajasthan from 2009 to 2010? END
START at what level is rajasthan ranked in india for visits by foreigners? END
START how high is rajasthan ranked among domestic indian tourists? END
START what two palaces are frequent tourist destinations within rajasthan? END
START what percentage of the rajasthani gdp comes from tourism? END
START what have converted forts increased in the hospitality sector? END
START how many foreign visitors have been attracted to ajmer-pushkar? END
START during what period did ajmer pushkar have the 4th highest amount of foreign tourists in india? END
START where does employment in the hospitality industry flourish? END
START how much of the gdp does hospitality employment account for? END
START who built the famous decorated havelis in rajasthan? END
START jaipur is also known as what city? END
START what are the notable houses in jaipur made from? END
START what type of temples stretch from the north to the south of rajasthan? END
START which pali district temple is dedicated to lord adinath? END
START what is another name for rajput? END
START what type of architecture is rajput known for? END
START what is on the anasagar lake at stepwell? END
START who is the jantar mantar temple in pali district dedicated to? END
START what color are havelis painted in ajmer? END
START what country is guam a territory of? END
START where is the island of guan located? END
START how many people currently call guam home as of 2015? END
START what is the most populous city in guam? END
START what is the name of the largest mountain in guam? END
START how many people live in hagatna? END
START what is the smallest of the mariana islands? END
START what is the northernmost mariana island? END
START what citizenry are people in micronesia? END
START what is the high point of micronesia? END
START what is the official name given for guam's indigenous people? END
START when did guam's indigenous people first arrive? END
START who was the first european to visit the island? END
START what year was guam colonized? END
START what year did the united states capture guam? END
START which nationality first colonized guam? END
START when was the treaty of paris established? END
START on what date in 1668 did diego luis de san vitores land on guam? END
START in which year did the first spanish manila galleon make port in guam? END
START on what date in 1521 did portuguese explorer ferdinand magellan leave guam? END
START along with guam, which other territories were in the united states jurisdiction before wwii? END
START what was the date on the attack of pearl harbor? END
START what happened just after the attack on peal harbor? END
START how long did the japanese occupation last? END
START in what year did the us acquire american samoa? END
START in what year did the us acquire the philippines? END
START in what year did the united states armed forces establish their first base on guam? END
START on what date did world war ii start? END
START which four classes made up the ancient -chamorro society? END
START where were the matua located on the island? END
START where were the mana'chag located? END
START where did the chamorri live? END
START where did the matua live? END
START what did the mana'chang have the best access to? END
START what did the matua have the best access to? END
START who did the makahna mostly heal with medicine? END
START what was the nationality of magellan? END
START what year did magellan locate the island of guam? END
START what were the name of outrigger canoes? END
START on what date did portuguese navigator ferdinand magellan begin his trip around the world? END
START from what country was antonio pigafetta? END
START who was the king of spain in 1521? END
START which sailor came up with the name islas de los ladrones for guam? END
START on what date did ferdinand magellan complete his circumnavigation of the globe? END
START in what year was guam claimed by spain? END
START what was the name of the general who claimed guam? END
START what did spain build to protect their fleet at guam? END
START what spanish outposts was there west of the philippines? END
START in what country is acapulco? END
START in what country is manila? END
START in what year was fort nuestra senora de la soledad built? END
START what was an important resting stop for manila galleons on the atlantic trade route? END
START when did spanish colonization commence? END
START which two spaniards aided this colonization and started the first catholic church? END
START when did guam's cathedral first open? END
START what was the name of the first cathedral? END
START in what year did spain colonize mexico city? END
START what was pedro calungsod's catholic church named? END
START on what date did spain colonize the philippines? END
START on what date was the governor's palace in plaza de espana completed? END
START who had the royal college of san juan de letran built? END
START when did the smallpox epidemic take place? END
START in what years was there intermittent war fare? END
START what did the smallpox epidemic reduce the population down to in chamorro? END
START what was the name of the person who started the campaign to pacify the area? END
START in what year did quipua die? END
START what did quipuha dies of? END
START in what year did captain juan de santiago start to pacify guam? END
START in what year did father san vitores arrive in guam? END
START how did local rebel chief matapang eventually die? END
START when did captain damian de esplana arrive? END
START what did captain damian do after his arrival? END
START who was the first spanish governor of guam? END
START in what year did jose de quiroga arrive? END
START in what year did quiroga complete his pacification? END
START in what year did capt. francisco de irrisarri y vinar stop being the governor of guam? END
START who assassinated father san vitores? END
START which island were the jinapsan from? END
START which island were the utmatac from? END
START which island were the pago from? END
START when did the united states take control of the island? END
START what happened that allowed the united states to have guam? END
START what is the name of the executive order that transferred guam over to the u.s? END
START which two people were exiled to guam after the philippine-american war? END
START in what year did the northern mariana islands pass from germany to japan? END
START who started the spanish-american war? END
START which country exiled emilio aguinaldo to guam? END
START which country exiled apolinario mabini to guam? END
START why were the chamorros brought to guam? END
START how were guamanian chamorro viewed by the japanese? END
START who were loyal to japan? END
START how northern chamorro view guamanian chamorro? END
START for how many years did japan occupy guam? END
START for how many years before the war had the northern mariana islands been a japanese protectorate? END
START who were the guamanian chamorro loyal to? END
START with what attitude did the northern chamorro treat the guamanian chamorro during the occupation? END
START what established guam as an unincorporated territory? END
START what conflict did the organic act come after? END
START what did the guam act allow the population now that they were a u.s territory? END
START in what year did world war ii end? END
START what are u.s. citizens in guam allowed to vote for? END
START who controlled guam before world war ii? END
START whose congressional representative is a voting member? END
START how many square miles is guam? END
START how was this island chain created? END
START how deep is the mariana trench located near guam? END
START what is the biggest island of the united states? END
START at what coordinates does the mariana trench lie? END
START what is the highest point in the mariana island chain? END
START what is the smallest island in micronesia? END
START what is the lowest point in guam? END
START how many miles is guam across? END
START what natural disaster that is not predictable does guam have to worry about? END
START due to guam being so close to anatahan, what dod they have to worry about? END
START on what island is anatahan located? END
START what was the size of the last earthquake to hit guam? END
START how far away is anatahan volcano from guam? END
START how far off the coast is the typical earthquake experienced by guam? END
START what is guam's climate characterized as? END
START what is the mean high temperature in guam? END
START what is the average annual rainfall of guam? END
START when does the dry season in guam typical run? END
START which months are considered the coldest in guam? END
START what is the usual overnight low temperature in march? END
START what is the mean high temperature in guam in november? END
START what is the mean annual rainfall in guam? END
START what is usually the hottest month in guam? END
START what is usually the coldest month in guam? END
START hat years did the spanish rule guam? END
START what religion was the general population converted to? END
START which two major holidays become popular in guam? END
START what is the name of the modern chamorro language? END
START what was pre-contact chamorro cuisine based on? END
START what language did the chamorro speak pre-contact? END
START in what year was the catalogo alfabetico de apellidos published? END
START in what year was the batu game created? END
START in what year was the chonka game created? END
START what two indiginous pre-hispanic culture has survived to this point? END
START what is the name of the intricate system in guam? END
START what do the chamorro believe in according to historian lawrence cinningham END
START what is one of historian lawrence cunningham's own cultures concepts? END
START what is the chamorro word for being selfish? END
START what is the chamorro word for refusing to reciprocate? END
START in what year did historian lawrence cunningham first start learning about the chamorro? END
START what is the chamorro term for individualism? END
START what is the culture of pengngan chamorro based on? END
START what does mangnging refer to that directly involves one major human scense? END
START what is a belembaotuyan in guam? END
START which culture involves sniffs the feet of elders? END
START which culture is based on very simple social protocols? END
START what are the chamorro canoes made of? END
START what is the  chamorro term for sniffing the feet of elders? END
START what are used as slingstones by the chamorro traditionally? END
START what posses some challenges for the chamorros who find it hard to keep their culture? END
START what else has led to the chamorro find it hard to keep their culture that involves it's children? END
START what has recently led to a resurgence in the chamorros culture and preservation of their old ways? END
START what are some of the easy ways that the chamorros keep their culture? END
START what has made it easier to preserve the chamorro identity over the years? END
START what has benefitted modern-day chamorro? END
START who have primarily relocated from the u.s. mainland to guam? END
START how many people make up the guam legislation? END
START who is the current non-voting delegate for guam? END
START how many electoral votes does guam currently have? END
START who elects one non-voting delegate to the united states house of representatives? END
START who is the current governor of guam? END
START who is one of the current legislators in guam? END
START who did guam last send as a delegate to the republican national convention? END
START what party is the current governor of guam a member of? END
START what major movement occurred in guam in the 80's and 90's? END
START why would guam becoming a commonwealth be so important? END
START what is the name of this u.s state that could possibly form a union with guam? END
START in what decade was union between hawaii and guam first brought up? END
START in what decade did union between guam and the northern mariana islands first start to get talked about? END
START in what decade was the u.s. constitution last modified? END
START when did people in guam start advocating for u.s. statehood? END
START what has the u.s military proposed? END
START how many marines would the united states move to guam? END
START because of the epa, how many marines would the united states be able to send to guam to live? END
START how many marines are stationed in okinawa, japan? END
START how many dependents of marines are there in okinawa, japan? END
START how many dependents of marines are now allowed in guam? END
START what type of military base does the u.s. military have in okinawa, japan? END
START how many construction workers had the u.s. military been planning to have in guam to build a new aircraft carrier berth? END
START what tourist commonly visits guam? END
START around how many hotels does guam currently have? END
START how many public golf courses does guam currently have? END
START about how many tourist visit guam yearly? END
START which major u.s store does guam currently have that happens to be the largest in the world? END
START how many stores are there in the duty free shoppers galleria? END
START after japan where do most tourists to guam come from? END
START how many retail stores are there in agana shopping center? END
START where do most tourists to the philippines come from? END
START from where do most tourists come from in taiwan? END
START what is the name of the pact held between the united states, micronesia, marshal islands, and palau? END
START what is the benefit of the  compacts of free association? END
START what has guam claimed about compacts of free association? END
START which pacific island is closest to the republic of the marshall islands? END
START from which pacific island nation does gaum gain the most population? END
START from which pacific island country does guam gain the least population? END
START the federated states of micronesia has more citizens from which pacific island nation over any other? END
START which pacific islands culture is most culturally similar to guam? END
START in what year was the local postage stamp overprinted and has since been replaced? END
START what type of postal service does guam currently have today? END
START what is the current zip code range in guam? END
START which three major companies do not consider guam as domestic when shipping is involved? END
START in what year did guam get regular u.s. postage stamps? END
START what private shipping company considers guam as an international nation? END
START which private shipping company charges more to ship packages to guam? END
START which private shipping company gets packages back and forth to guam fastest? END
START in what year did ups first start shipping packages to guam? END
START what determines the speed in which mail reaches guam from the united states? END
START which type of service usually takes less than a week to get postage to the island? END
START what do most guam residents use when receiving mail? END
START which is more important when it comes to shipping speed to guam, size or time of year? END
START how long does fourth-class mail take to get to guam? END
START how long does it take for a ship to sail from hawaii to guam? END
START how long does it take a boat to go from the u.s. mainland to guam? END
START what is considered to be the lifeline of guam? END
START what is the name of the shipping company in hawaii that connects guam? END
START why is the port so important? END
START how many tons can a matson, inc., container ship carry to guam? END
START what is the population of seattle? END
START what is the population of honolulu? END
START on what island is the anderson air force base? END
START on what island is the naval forces marianas? END
START what is the name of the international airport in guam? END
START what major airline resides at the airport? END
START what is guam responsible for when goods both come in and leave? END
START where was antonio b. won pat from originally? END
START where do american passengers arriving indirectly from the united states first go? END
START which country most often has flights to guam? END
START which company's planes land most often at antonio b. won pat international airport? END
START which animal was accidentally introduced into guam? END
START what was accidentally introduced into guam? END
START with the introduction of a non native snake in the area of guam what impact did it have the island? END
START what has the u.s department of agriculture done to help watch for the snakes? END
START how many native species of birds did guam have prior to world war ii? END
START how many native species of birds did the solomon islands have prior to world war ii? END
START what do australian authorities do to not send brown tree snakes to guam accidentally? END
START what is one of the snakes that is very poisonous to humans? END
START where was the u.s. military transport ultimately headed when it accidentally introduced the brown tree snake to guam? END
START what are the names of the two native birds in guam before the brown snake intrusion? END
START how many bird species have been driven to extinction in guam? END
START what other bird was very common before wwii according to the elders? END
START what is thought to have been the first bird species on guam? END
START what was the most populous guam bird prior to world war ii? END
START what was the least populous bird on guam before world war ii? END
START which bird species was first driven to extinction by brown tree snakes? END
START what insect was detected in 2007? END
START what other american territory has these beetles that have infested guam? END
START where is the coconut beetle native to? END
START how big is reunion island? END
START where did the coconut rhinoceros beetle originate? END
START when was the coconut rhinoceros beetle discovered in american samoa? END
START how long is reunion island? END
START how big is fiji? END
START what plagues the guam dry season? END
START what are the cause of the majority of the fires in the area? END
START what causes water quality problems in guam? END
START what are 20% of fires resulting from? END
START what has had success in guam when it comes to soil stabilization? END
START what carries sediment into the fena lake reservoir during the dry season? END
START what animal isn't native to guam? END
START what has guam recently being trying to protect? END
START what has led to the decrease of fish near guam? END
START what is the name of the flying mammal in guam that some are concerned for? END
START who made tumon bay into a preserve? END
START what is the #1 cause of decreased fish populations? END
START the guam national wildlife refuge is near which tourist area? END
START what most endangered the mariana fruit bats? END
START what most endangered the sea turtle population? END
START what are the names of the two colleges in guam? END
START who are these two schools accredited by? END
START what is the name of the small christian college in guam? END
START what type of education does the university of guam offer? END
START what type of education is offered at guam community college? END
START what type of institution is the guam community college? END
START besides pacific islands university where else can one earn a graduate degree in guam? END
START how many schools are in the transnational association of christian colleges and schools? END
START how many students as of 2000 were attending public schools in guam? END
START what has plagued guam public schools? END
START what is the name of the governing body of the school in all of guam? END
START how many students currently attend public school in guam? END
START how many people live in guam? END
START what challenges affect u.s. mainland schools? END
START how many people work for the guam department of education? END
START how many students in guam come from backgrounds without traditional american education? END
START who runs guam's main health care facility? END
START what is the name of the main health care facility in guam? END
START which privately owned medical facility opened in 2016? END
START when did guam memorial hospital open its doors? END
START in what city is guam regional medical city? END
START when did carejet go into business in guam? END
START in what city is carejet headquartered? END
START what type of doctors work at the guam regional medical city? END
