START of africa what rank in size country is mali? END
START what is mali's capital named? END
START what are two major rivers located inside of mali? END
START besides salt what other major natural resources does mali produce? END
START more than half of the population is what religion? END
START what is the eighth largest country in the world? END
START which african coast is mali? END
START what country has an area of 1,240,000 mi.²? END
START what desert does mali just touch the edge of? END
START what is basal agriculture in deep-sea fishing? END
START in the latter part of the 19th century what country took control of mali? END
START what year did mali gain independence as the mali federation? END
START along with a new constitution, mali became what type of state in 1991? END
START mali was once part of how many west african empires? END
START what was the name of the empire that the country is now named after? END
START what empire is present day mali part of? END
START what country took control of mali in the 1900s? END
START what was at its peak in the thirteenth century? END
START who joined with senegal in 1960? END
START who won its independence in 1959? END
START what area of mali did conflict arise in january of 2012? END
START what were the rebels named in the conflict of 2012? END
START what was the name that the rebels declared as a new state? END
START what country sent military in response to terrorism in 2013? END
START on july 28 2013 what type of elections were held? END
START when you armed conflict breakout in south mali? END
START who took over azawad and declared a new state? END
START who did the tunareg rebels fight in march? END
START what to do islamic rebels declare in azawad? END
START what did the french do in response to tuareg rebel gains? END
START the sonhgai empire's demise was due to what invasion? END
START what major impact did the falling of the songhai empire have? END
START what century did songhai become independent from mali? END
START who was the commander of the moroccan invasion of 1591?  END
START what type of trading routes did europeans make that compounded to the profound effect? END
START who gained independence in the 1400s? END
START what invasion caused the collapse of the mali empire? END
START who invaded the songhai empire in the fifteenth century? END
START what marked the beginning of the region's role as a trading crossroads? END
START what cause sea routes to lose significance? END
START what regime was overthrown in 1968? END
START who led the military on what is now celebrated liberation day? END
START what position did moussa traoré take on as a result of his success? END
START between what years did famine and drought afflict the country? END
START in the 1970's how many attempts were there the overthrow the govenment? END
START who was overthrown in a bloodied military coup? END
START who overthrew moussa traoe? END
START what is november 19, 1974 celebrated as? END
START what afflicted the country prior to 1968? END
START how many attempts were there to overthrow the government in the 1980s? END
START in what year did mali get a new constitution?  END
START in january of 1991 what type of protests were violently curbed? END
START what type of administration did general mousa traoré have? END
START strict rules were put in place to appease what monetary fund? END
START it was rumored that people close to the government lived in what type of condition?  END
START what stopped a coup in 1991? END
START opposition to who grew during the 1990s? END
START who lead violent protests in january 1991? END
START who is subject to mass arrests in the 1980s? END
START who performed mostly violent actions? END
START what type of rallies were being held in march of 1991? END
START there was a nationwide strike being held that was called les envenements and also named what? END
START after the president declared a state of emergency, what type of curfew was placed on the country? END
START how many people died over the course of four days? END
START after all of the governments efforts what types of protests continued?  END
START what was held in both urban and rural communities throughout the 1990s? END
START who opened fire on violent demonstrators? END
START what was ended by the shootings? END
START who stopped coming to bamako as a result of the 300 lives lost? END
START who was president during the march protests? END
START how many people aside from the president received a death sentence?  END
START what day is now a national holiday in connection to moussa traoré? END
START all four men were convicted and received what as punishment? END
START those that received the death sentence had gotten it for their role in what? END
START who shot soldiers in march 1991? END
START which president tried to stop the massacre? END
START what is remembered as mali's march revolution of 1990 END
START what national holiday celebrates moussa traore? END
START who announced over the radio that the president had been arrested? END
START thousands of soldiers put their weapons down and joined what type of efforts? END
START the non violent protesting led the soldiers to engage in what type of behavior? END
START opposing groups met to make and create what kind of democratic laws? END
START what group was to approve the new democratic constitution? END
START who willingly fired into the nonviolent protesters? END
START what did students refused to do? END
START what did students lay down? END
START who did moussa traore arrest? END
START what was made illegal as a result of moussa's arrest? END
START what rebellion began in january of 2012? END
START in march of 2012 whom gained control of mali? END
START what group led the rebellion in northern mali? END
START the embargo of the economic community of west african states imposed what type of punishment?  END
START what group declared independence as asawad? END
START what rebellion began in south mali? END
START the tuareg rebellion began in june of what year? END
START what islamic group led the rebellion in north mali? END
START who did aqim institute sanctions against? END
START who did the mnla turn against? END
START mali is located in what zone? END
START what months are have a rainy season in the south? END
START flooding of what river is typical during these months? END
START what is the name of the delta that these floods cause? END
START what part of the country has the köppen climate classification of (bwh)? END
START what is in the tropical zone? END
START what is the hottest country in the world? END
START what does the equator cross? END
START where is rainfall very frequent? END
START where is there a brief intense dry season? END
START what year was the constitution amended from the previous one of 1992? END
START the newer constitution divide power among what branches of government? END
START how many years is one presidential term for? END
START how many total terms can a president be elected for? END
START executive power is given to what person within the government? END
START what was amended in 1992? END
START what did the constitution not separate? END
START who had a presidential system of government? END
START what country does not have universal suffrage? END
START who is given both titles of commander of armed forces and chief of state? END
START what group is mali's sole legislative party? END
START the alliance of democracy and progress has how many seats as of 2007? END
START how many legislative assemblies are  held each year? END
START who is considered head of government and assigns the council of ministers? END
START what is the prime minister commander-in-chief of? END
START what is the president had of? END
START what country is the council of ministers the legislative body for? END
START who held 160 seats in the assembly after the 2007 elections? END
START what does the council of ministers vote on? END
START what is mali's highest court? END
START what controls do the supreme court have? END
START constitutional court provides what type of review of legislative acts? END
START constitutional court also serves as what type of arbiter? END
START local disputes in rural areas are usually handled by what individuals? END
START what country does not have an independent judiciary? END
START what does the supreme court enforce? END
START what this is supreme court review? END
START what do lower courts resolve at the local level? END
START in what year did mali start economic changes? END
START mali signed agreements with what to parties that began their economic changes? END
START in what years did mali restructure public enterprises? END
START how many enterprises have been made completely private since the agreement? END
START how many companies were completely liquidated? END
START whose economic reform ended in 1988? END
START what did the world bank and international monetary fund sign with each other in 1988? END
START who were formed public enterprises prior to 1988? END
START twenty what were privatized? END
START what did the malain government concede to the cotton gin company? END
START in 2007 what percent of people were 12 and under? END
START what was the total fertility rate per woman as of 2012? END
START in 2007 what was the death rate per 1000 people? END
START mali has one of the highest rates of what type of mortality? END
START for both men and women average life expectancy is how many years? END
START what year were 48% of malians older than twelve years old? END
START when were 49% of malians sixty-five and older? END
START how many children were born per woman in 2014? END
START what was the death rate in 2014? END
START what was the life expectancy in 2012? END
START roughly how many malians are descendants of slaves? END
START what is the estimate of current mali enslavement? END
START what group of people were known to keep malian salves into the 20th century? END
START the darker skinned bella people are also refereed to as what name? END
START what region of the country is historical slavery well known? END
START who is their division between in the south? END
START wiser division in southern mali? END
START how many people in mali are descended from slaveowners? END
START who kept slaves until the 2000's? END
START what did the arabic authorities suppress in the twentieth century? END
START ethnic tension are between what two groups of people? END
START radical islam and the tuaregs are both considered problematic according to whom? END
START what group of people are trying to establish sharia law? END
START what type of hereditary relationships still exist today? END
START songhai and tuaregs both complain about what same issue towards each other? END
START what does mali not have a long history of? END
START what kind of relationships no longer exist in mali? END
START what exists between the settled tuaregs and the nomadic songhai? END
START what plays a role in the tension between the soanghai and the government? END
START what four main health problems do the malian people currently have? END
START how does malian health and development rank globally? END
START as of 2012 50.3 years is considered the malian peoples averages of what statistic? END
START in 2000 what percentage of the population had access to safe drinking water? END
START in 2000 roughly how much of the population had access to sanitation services? END
START what health challenges has mali largely overcome? END
START mali's what now rank among the best in the world? END
START what was life expectancy estimated to be in 2000? END
START what percentage of the population had safe drinking water in 2012? END
START what totaled us$40 per capita? END
START what does icristat stand for? END
START what types of efforts to aid in health problems have been made? END
START the local communities have accepted equinut because it is similar to what native recipe? END
START icristat had success in teaching women how to make what product of nutritional value? END
START what ingredients are in both the traditional and nutritional version of this dish? END
START little effort has been made to improve what? END
START what are men encouraged to cook? END
START what is boosted by producing a product men can sell? END
START what is not accepted by the local community? END
START what are the two main prevalent infectious diseases of mali? END
START what arthropod born disease has plagued the nation? END
START according to the data from 2001 to 2006 what percent of female genitalia are mutilated? END
START what sexually transmitted disease afflicts roughly 1.9 percent of the population? END
START malians suffer from malnutrition and low rates of what type of medical need? END
START where are there adequate medical facilities? END
START what type of diseases are now where in mali? END
START in what year was less than 85% of girls and women mutilated? END
START what disease is rare among children? END
START what is the translation or meaning of a griot? END
START aside from music what other activity plays a significant role in culture? END
START what type of garment or accessory is traditionally worn at some of the dances held? END
START what is the name of the musician that was a part of the roots and was also a blues guitarist? END
START what is a well known afro-pop artist? END
START what translates to keeper of the songs? END
START what plays a minor role in culture compared to music? END
START what is not common among friends? END
START where are modern mask dances performed? END
START what state is raleigh the capital of? END
START what is the biggest city in nc? END
START who is it named after? END
START what county is raleigh in? END
START what is the population of the city? END
START what city is known as the city of elks?  END
START  who is releigh not named after? END
START  what county is raleigh's neighbor? END
START  what is the population of the north carolina? END
START what lost city is 142 miles large? END
START what is the msa of raleigh? END
START what is the triangle? END
START what is another university in the triangle? END
START when was the triangle created? END
START what university is outside of raleigh? END
START  what is the msa of only durham? END
START when did the triangle stop existing? END
START what university is not in the triangle? END
START what is the population of durham? END
START what kind of city is raleigh? END
START what year was it incorporated? END
START what happened in the 20th century? END
START what war was near the city? END
START what type of community is it? END
START what city was chosen as the capital in 1792? END
START what city was incorporated in 1788? END
START what war began in the city? END
START what year did research triangle park close?  END
START what century did raleigh stop growing? END
START what energy center is downtown? END
START what university is in raleigh? END
START what is the first historically black university? END
START what president was born in raleigh? END
START what is the name of the amphitheater in raleigh? END
START what energy center is on the outskirts of town? END
START  what university is outside of raleigh? END
START what is the first white university? END
START which us president died in raleigh? END
START what's the name of the smallest amphitheater in raleigh? END
START how many miles is the city from isaac's tavern? END
START why is isaac hunter's tavern popular? END
START what was raleigh as a city? END
START what were the original boundaries? END
START what city was the plan based on? END
START who does not go to isaac hunter's tavern? END
START  what are the modern boundaries? END
START what city was the plan not inspired by? END
START who planned raleigh? END
START what is the opposite of a grid system? END
START who was the governor during the civil war? END
START what did the governor order constructed? END
START what was raleigh captured by in the civil war? END
START who led the cavalry in the capture? END
START why did the city not grow during the civil war? END
START who was the governor during world war ii? END
START why did the city boom in growth during the civil war? END
START who died in the capture? END
START when did hugh judson kilpatrick die? END
START what was built to protect the city from confederates? END
START what year did the news and the observer merge? END
START what is raleigh's daily newspaper? END
START what was north carolina state called before? END
START what year was the college founded? END
START when did merideth college open? END
START when did the news and the observer separate? END
START what school is now known as the baptist women's college?  END
START when did rex hospital close? END
START when did north carolina state university close? END
START when was the academy of music established? END
START when was the last time two black congressmen were elected? END
START what district were the congressmen in 1898 from? END
START what happened in 1900? END
START when did blacks lose the right to vote? END
START when did black regain the right to vote? END
START when did the two black congressmen retire? END
START who sought to promote civil rights for women? END
START how many blacks voted in 1898? END
START what year was the federal civil rights legislation overturned? END
START when was the great depression? END
START what did the city provide during the great depression? END
START what was dedicated in 1932? END
START what year was the north carolina symphony founded? END
START what was charted in 1939? END
START when did the great depression start? END
START what did the city restrict during the great depression? END
START  what building was torn down in 1932? END
START what year did the north carolina symphony fail? END
START when did the last flight leave the raleigh-durham airport? END
START where is raleigh located? END
START what is the area known as? END
START what type of geography is in raleigh? END
START how far is raleigh from atlantic beach? END
START how far is raleigh from richmond? END
START what city is in the southeast region of north carolina? END
START what region meets the pacific coastal plain? END
START what is it called when waterfalls aren't in creeks and rivers? END
START how far south is richmond? END
START how far north is washington dc? END
START what historic hotel is downtown? END
START what is in the fayetteville business district? END
START what are some neighborhoods in raleigh? END
START who separated the neighborhoods in the early 2000's? END
START what are some common names in the area? END
START  what historic hotel is in the upntown? END
START what century did they take down the sir walter raleigh hotel? END
START what are the neighborhoods outside of raleigh? END
START what is an uncommon name for raleigh? END
START who joined the neighborhoods together in the early 2000's? END
START where is midtown raleigh? END
START what frames midtown raleigh? END
START where is the north hills shopping center? END
START who was the area developer? END
START when was the midtown raleigh alliance formed? END
START what is the area south of i-440? END
START where is downtown raleigh? END
START where is the south hills shopping center located? END
START when was the midtown raleigh alliance dissolved? END
START who fired the area developer? END
START where is west raleigh? END
START what is west raleigh the home of? END
START what arena is in the area? END
START what is the name of the hospital in west raleigh? END
START how far is rex hospital from the fairgrounds? END
START where is east raleigh? END
START what colleges are in north raleigh? END
START what fairgrounds are 5 miles away from rex hospital? END
START what is the name of the hospital in east raleigh? END
START what arena is in east raleigh? END
START what are in the area? END
START what neighborhoods are in north raleigh? END
START what are the means of transportation in the area? END
START what type of area is north raleigh? END
START what area is slow-growing and not expansive? END
START where are subdivisions hard to find? END
START what area is urban and not suburban? END
START what area does route 40 run through? END
START what area does us 90 run through? END
START where is south raleigh? END
START what is different about south raleigh? END
START what borders south raleigh to the west? END
START where is holly springs compared to south raleigh? END
START what are some neighborhoods in south raleigh? END
START where is north raleigh? END
START what is not unique about south raleigh? END
START what borders south raleigh to the east? END
START what borders south raleigh to the west? END
START what borders south raleigh to the north? END
START what is to the west of southeast raleigh? END
START what areas are in southeast raleigh? END
START what neighborhoods does southeast raleigh have? END
START what concert venue is in the area? END
START what university is in this part of raleigh? END
START what is to the north of southeast raleigh? END
START  what areas are in northeast raleigh? END
START what neighborhoods does northeast raleigh have? END
START what concert venue is in northwest raleigh END
START what is the new name for the time warner cable music pavilion? END
START what is the climate of raleigh? END
START how many seasons are there in raleigh? END
START how many nights in a year are there in raleigh that are freezing? END
START what month has the most precipitation?  END
START what is the hottest temperature in raleigh? END
START  how many nights in a year are there in raleigh that are above freezing? END
START when did it get 110 degrees f? END
START when was it as cold as -15 f? END
START how many days go under 90 f? END
START how much snow does raleigh get? END
START when was the greatest snowfall? END
START how much snow did raleigh get on january 24, 2000? END
START what caused the winter storm of 2000? END
START what mountains are the city near? END
START how much snow did raleigh get in january 2001? END
START how much snow fell on january 18 2001?  END
START what mountains are not in raleigh? END
START  what caused the summer storm of 2000? END
START what does the area experience? END
START how does drought effect the city? END
START when does raleigh experience hurricanes? END
START what was the name of the hurricane in 2003? END
START how big was the tornado in 2011? END
START what hurricane landed in 1995? END
START what hurricane hit in 2004? END
START what happened on november 26, 1988? END
START what date did a tornado hit the southwest portion?  END
START what date did a tornado hit the east raleigh? END
START how many families lived in raleigh in 2000? END
START what is the population density of raleigh? END
START how many housing units were in raleigh? END
START what percentage of people in raleigh are white? END
START how many native hawaiian are in raleigh? END
START how many families moved out of raleigh in 2000? END
START how many housing units were destroyed in raleigh? END
START what percentage of native americans left raleigh? END
START what percentage are three or more races? END
START what was the june 2008 estimated population? END
START what percent of households had children in 2000? END
START 39.5% of the households comprised of what? END
START how many people lived alone in 2000? END
START how many households had someone 65 or older? END
START what was the average family size? END
START how many households were there in 2001? END
START what is the percentage of children are under 10? END
START  how many people lived alone in 2004? END
START what percent of households had children in 2008? END
START what percentage were 70 and older? END
START how many people are affiliated with religion? END
START what is the main religion of raleigh? END
START what percent of baptists are there in raleigh? END
START what other denominations are there in raleigh? END
START how large of a percent does lutheran's take up? END
START how many people are affiliated with religion in 2014? END
START what religion is not present in raleigh END
START  what percent of baptists are there outside of raleigh? END
START what other denominations are there outside of raleigh? END
START what percentage are buddhist?  END
START what is the main industrial area of raleigh? END
START what is raleigh part of? END
START what does the research triangle do? END
START is the city concerned with shipping? END
START what industry is raleigh a major wholesaler for? END
START what is not the main industrial area of raleigh? END
START what is raleigh not part of? END
START what does the research square do? END
START what is on the west coast of north carolina? END
START what is the country's largest medical research in north carolina? END
START where are major touring acts hosted in the city? END
START what is the red hat amphitheater also called? END
START what event plaza is in cary? END
START where is the north carolina state fair? END
START what is the lincoln theater downtown? END
START what opened in 2012? END
START what used to be known as red hat? END
START  where is the north carolina county fair? END
START  what is the ford theater downtown? END
START where is the raleigh memorial auditorium? END
START what other theater is in the duke energy center? END
START when did the meymandi theater open? END
START where else can one see a theater performance? END
START what theaters are at north carolina state university? END
START  when did the meymandi theater close? END
START where is raleigh memorial auditorium? END
START where can one go to watch a movie? END
START what theater opened in the old long view school? END
START what school is brand new? END
START what is the north carolina museum of art near? END
START what type of art is in the museum of art? END
START when was the auguste rodine exhibit? END
START how many people attended the monet exhibit? END
START how did the museum get the artworks they have? END
START what is the north carolina museum of art far away from? END
START what exhibit was in 2001? END
START  how many people attended the da vinci exhibit? END
START when was the exhibit closed? END
START what architect from missouri completed the museum? END
START when did the carolina hurricanes start in raleigh? END
START where did the hurricanes play their first two seasons? END
START what is the home stadium of the carolina hurricanes called? END
START what is the only professional sports team in north carolina? END
START when did the carolina hurricanes win the stanley cup? END
START when did the carolina hurricanes leave raleigh? END
START  where did the hurricanes play their last two seasons? END
START when did the carolina hurricanes lose the stanley cup? END
START when did the city refuse to host the nhl all-star game? END
START what did pnc change it's name to? END
START what sports teams have been in raleigh? END
START what was the name of the gba team in raleigh? END
START when did the raleigh cougars play? END
START what type of team was the carolina courage? END
START what year did the carolina courage win the founders cup? END
START what league did the raleigh bulldogs play in? END
START what team quit the echl in 1991? END
START what arena football team started in 2004? END
START what team lost the soccer championship in 2002? END
START what team played soccer in chapel hill in 2004? END
START where is north carolina state university? END
START what is the mascot for north carolina state university? END
START where does the football team for north carolina state university play? END
START how big is carter finley stadium? END
START where does north carolina state university men's wrestling compete? END
START what college is in northwest raleigh? END
START what is the fourth largest football stadium in north carolina? END
START what is the largest stadium in north carolina? END
START what is the smallest stadium in north carolina? END
START where does women's wrestling compete? END
START how many sites are throughout raleigh? END
START what are there 8,100 acres of in raleigh? END
START what type of race track is in raleigh? END
START how many public lakes are in raleigh? END
START what is the name of the arboretum? END
START what has more than 200 sites throughout the city? END
START how many parks were new this year? END
START what is the 10-acre arboretum called? END
START how many football stadiums are there? END
START how many ponds are there? END
START how many incidents of violent crime were there in 2010? END
START what were there 12,995 of in 2010? END
START how does raleigh compare in crime to the rest of the country? END
START how many murders were in raleigh in 2010? END
START how many incidents of motor vehicle theft were there in 2010? END
START how many incidents of violent crime were there in 2011? END
START  what were there 15,995 of in 2010? END
START  how many murders were in raleigh in 2015? END
START how many rapes were there in 2001? END
START how many motor vehicle thefts were in 2004? END
START who operates the public schools in raleigh? END
START what is the school system praised for? END
START how many magnet schools are there in raleigh? END
START what type of degree can you get from a high school in raleigh? END
START does raleigh have alternate high schools? END
START what is the private school name? END
START  what is the school system criticized for? END
START what college can you get a international baccalaureate from? END
START how many non-magnet schools are in raleigh? END
START how many non-alternative high schools are there? END
START what is the area's primary airport? END
START where is raleigh-durham international airport? END
START how many destinations does the airport offer internationally? END
START what are there 10 million of each year at the airport? END
START what was terminal 2 formerly called at the airport? END
START what is the area's least used airport? END
START what was terminal c formerly known as? END
START what happened at the airport in january 2001? END
START  what are there 20 million of each year at the airport? END
START what was triangle transit called before? END
START what does triangle transit offer? END
START where else does triangle transit go to? END
START does triangle transit have a van service? END
START are employers connected with triangle transit? END
START what is the new name for triangle transit? END
START what does triangle transit not offer? END
START what is the square transit? END
START what doesn't go between raleigh and other cities? END
START what does rdn stand for? END
START who offers dietary advice on the role of nutrition in chronic diseases? END
START for which health professional is governmental regulation more universal? END
START who typically specializes in obesity and chronic disease? END
START in which time period did the study of nutrition begin? END
START what is the european equivalent of "qi"? END
START what kind of food classification does ginger belong to? END
START what nationality was alcmaeon of croton? END
START other than obesity, what else would trademark an imbalance in nutrition? END
START what does the book of daniel contain? END
START which country was being invaded when daniel and his friends were captured? END
START what occupation were daniel and his friends originally meant to have? END
START how long did the trial diet last? END
START what is another term for vegetables that was used? END
START how long was the doctrines of galen in use for? END
START which famous emperor did galen serve as a physician to? END
START who resided at the school of salerno in regimen sanitatis salernitanum? END
START what did galen believe that pneuma was? END
START what did each pair of attributes supposedly consist of? END
START who criticized galen in the 1500s? END
START what was a burning candle comparable to? END
START which famous artist did not agree with galen's theories? END
START which well known gas did jan baptist van helmont discover? END
START which scientist was able to create a model for the digestive process? END
START when was the first nutrition experiment performed? END
START what was the name of the overlooked physician that served in the british navy? END
START the juice of which fruit was determined to have helped sailors from contracting scurvy? END
START how many sailors died from scurvy between the years 1500 and 1800? END
START which nickname was given to the british sailors? END
START which dietary component was not fed to dogs resulting in their death? END
START who first began dividing foods into categories? END
START who did justus von liebig argue with over the belief that animals get protein from plants? END
START which credientials did liebig lack despite being a leading organic chemist? END
START what can be synthesized using carbohydrates and proteins? END
START what was the main component of japanese sailor's diet? END
START what is the scientific term for beriberi? END
START what major symptom other than heart problems did beriberi cause? END
START who made the observation that the japanese sailor's diet was the cause for them developing beriberi? END
START what was introduced to the diet on a molecular level that prevented the sailors from contracting the disease? END
START what element can be found in thyroid glands? END
START what group of natives suffered from beriberi? END
START who worked with the natives to help solve their dietary issues? END
START what simple alternative food prevented the development of beriberi in chickens? END
START how long after the natives were cured did it take for people to figure out the reason that brown rice cured them? END
START what was measured in the early 20th century? END
START what did carl von voit and max rubner apply to nutrition in order to receive their results? END
START which amino acid can assist with the well - being of mice but not necessarily their growth? END
START what did hopkins believe was required other than calories, protein and minerals to help prevent deficiency diseases? END
START which experiment related to diet was conducted that required four years to complete? END
START what was notable about the discovered vitamin a? END
START which property was vitamin b found to have? END
START which disease was vitamin c claimed to help prevent? END
START what was cod liver oil able to help cure in dogs? END
START what was referred to as "food factor x"? END
START who claims that the list of nutrients that humans require is incomplete? END
START what is the other category of nutrients that people require other than micronutrients? END
START what is notable about cellulose in humans? END
START what else, other than antioxidants, helps protect body systems? END
START in which year were nutrients categorized into their two respective categories? END
START which category is represented by carbohydrates and fats among other nutrients? END
START what other significant aspect do macronutrients provide other than energy? END
START what unit other than calories is used to measure the energy generated by nutrients? END
START which nutrient generally provides around 37 kj per gram? END
START although vitamins are important for many reasons, which role do they not play in the human body? END
START other than fats, what else consists of atoms of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen? END
START if a carbohydrate is not a simple monosaccharide, what else could it be? END
START what do fatty acid monomers that are bound to glycerol backbones make up? END
START what characteristic about fatty acids requires them to be an essential component in a diet? END
START which element do the amino acids that make up the core component of protein have in common? END
START what was traditionally believed to be absorbed quickly causing blood - glucose levels to rapidly rise? END
START what is an example of a simple carbohydrate? END
START when simple carbohydrates undergo metabolic pathways, what do they result in after partial catabolism? END
START what is glucose able to stimulate that is required in the human body? END
START where are beta cells that attach to insulin located? END
START what example of a carbohydrate is unable to be fully absorbed in humans? END
START how many kilocalories of energy per gram is dietary fiber able to produce when successfully metabolized? END
START what is the main component that makes up dietary fiber? END
START what is an example of a gastrointestinal problem other than diarrhea? END
START what does soluble fiber do to help lower blood glucose levels? END
START dietary fat can be said to consist of fatty acids bonded to which molecule? END
START how many glycerol backbones does a triglyceride contain? END
START what needs to be examined to determine whether a fat can be classified as saturated or unsaturated? END
START which element is present that is bonded to all of the carbons in a saturated fat? END
START what kind of fat can a trans fat be categorized as? END
START where do saturated fats in a diet typically originate from? END
START which kind of fat is generally considered to be healthiest? END
START which type of fat should people attempt to avoid? END
START what kind of state of matter do unsaturated fats typically have at room temperature? END
START although trans fats are harmful to human health, what property do they have that makes them useful in food processing? END
START what does it mean when it is claimed that many fatty acids are non - essential? END
START at least how many fatty acids are essential to the human health and have to be consumed rather than produced by the body? END
START what does epa stand for? END
START outside of consumption, what would be broken down in the body to obtain dgla and aa? END
START what do people consume that has low amounts of the necessary essential fatty acids? END
START what is able to prevent aa from being released from membranes? END
START the conversion of omega-6 dgla to aa is able to help regulate which process? END
START what kind of process is the conversion of dgla to aa? END
START what is an example of a hormone other than insulin that is able to control the enzyme delta-5-desaturase? END
START what is the scientific name for cell division? END
START what primarily makes up the enzymes in our body that regulate the chemical reactions that occur? END
START what is the primary component of every protein? END
START what is the term that refers to the body process that produces new proteins? END
START when the body no longer needs the amino acids that are present, through which excretion are they lost? END
START approximately how many amino acid types does the human body generally have? END
START what would be required for the human body to potentially have a chance to create a complete protein source? END
START other than rice, what would be another example of an incomplete protein source? END
START what is taken from proteins and converted to glucose by the body? END
START what is the term for the conversion of amino acids into glucose? END
START what happens to amino acids that are left over after the body has converted what it can to glucose? END
START what was the early recommended amount of water that was supposedly required to keep the body hydrated? END
START who originally made a water intake recommendation in 1945? END
START how much water should be taken in for each calorie of food that is consumed? END
START what does adi stand for? END
START where do humans get the 20% of water that does not come from the beverages we drink? END
START who was similar recommended intake volumes as adults? END
START other then breastfeeding women, who what other category of woman should have increased water intake? END
START how much more water should pregnant women consumed compared to an average non - pregnant woman? END
START why should lactating women increase their water consumption? END
START how much more water do lactating women need to consume in relation to the average woman? END
START what kind of element are dietary minerals? END
START what was the term "mineral" originally meant to describe? END
START in what form are some metals commonly found in the body? END
START in what form should minerals be to be absorbed easier? END
START what is the most famous mineral that is artificially added that prevents goiter? END
START which vitamin can be synthesized in the skin? END
START what is required for vitamin d to be synthesized? END
START what is an example of a vitamin - like compound that is not considered an essential dietary nutrient? END
START what has recently been discovered in the thousands, especially from examining fresh vegetables? END
START what is choline not an example of? END
START what is another term that can be used to describe "potentially damaging" compounds? END
START what are oxidizers? END
START in order for the body to function normally, what must be used to neutralize free radicals? END
START what subgroup of phytochemicals helps make up the majority of the body's antioxidants? END
START which area of the body does vitamin a protect? END
START where could one find a large population of gut flora? END
START what term collectively describes "firmicutes" and "bacteroidetes" among others? END
START what is the importance of having phyla in the body? END
START what role specifically in digestion do bacteria in the gut have? END
START which vitamin are the bacteria present in the gut responsible for producing? END
START heart disease and obesity are examples of what kind of disease? END
START in which country was a study about the presence of cancer and heart disease in different regions done? END
START how much of an increase in presence of "western" diseases was there in communities that primarily had animal - based diets as opposed to vegetable diets? END
START other than meat, what else is lacking from the people in china's diet compared to diets from the western world? END
START what disease was said to possibly be the result of diets that are high in meat and dairy products? END
START who released a guideline that recommends that people follow a whole plant food diet? END
START which magazine also recommended that people follow a whole plant food diet? END
START in which year was there a cover article on the national geographic regarding diet recommendations? END
START how many populations were studied and surveyed for the cover article? END
START other than fruits and vegetables, what other product was highly recommended to be a part of a healthy diet? END
START other than nitrogen, what other element varies greatly between a carnivore and herbivore diet? END
START what percentage of nitrogen content is generally found in fungi? END
START what process of breaking down cellulose do herbivores rely on for their essential nutrients? END
START other than sugar and fiber, what else are carbohydrates consisted of? END
START where can fatty acids be found? END
START through what part of the body are nutrients transported to feed cells? END
START in which specific circumstance is the digestive system not the first system involved in nutrient processing? END
START what is able to break bonds in ingested molecules? END
START molecules that are released from ingested foods are done so through which process? END
START through which manner are unabsorbed matter and waste products excreted? END
START what needs to be compared to the waste products from humans to determine what is absorbed in the body? END
START it is important to examine both the feces and what other excrement when studying absorption? END
START other than time consuming, what else are nutritional studies due to their length and variable count? END
START at which rate is the science behind nutrition continuing to evolve? END
START how do plants absorb essential elements that are present in the soil? END
START having leaves allows plants to absorb nutrients through which medium? END
START what is the process that plants undergo in order to obtain carbohydrates? END
START what is the process called in which plants gather nutrients from the soil around their roots? END
START what part of the leaf in a plant takes in carbon dioxide and releases oxygen? END
START what can environmental depletion lead to? END
START other than malnutrition and a spread of disease, what is an example of a health problem that arose due to environmental depletion? END
START other than industrial chemicals, what other industry discharges chemicals that can contaminate the environment? END
START the release and contamination of the environment affects what important system other than the human race? END
START if people's nutritional status and health changes, what could this affect in their daily routine? END
START what is the abbreviation for licensed dietitians in the us? END
START who do dietitians have to register with other than the american dietetic association in order to be recognized as such in the us? END
START which specific term is unregulated but still oft associated with professionals when it comes to food and diets? END
START which state has started to regulate the word "nutritionist"? END
START what are restaurants and food manufacturers required to follow in order to assist consumers looking to follow dietary guidelines? END
START nutritional standards and recommendations are produced by a joint effort between the us department of agriculture and which other department? END
START who releases guidelines that revolve around diet and physical activity recommendations? END
START what is the name of the concept that has replaced the food pyramid? END
START the usda's effort sand actions are overseen by which governmental committee? END
START on which channel are committee meetings often shown? END
START smart bodies is an example of an initiative that was started by what level of government? END
START what is the goal of smart bodies? END
START the blue cross and blue shield of louisiana foundation joined together with which university to help develop smart bodies? END
START when was the smart bodies initiative first released? END
START what does the initiative specifically target? END
START in england and which other country is there a curricula that revolves around nutritional education? END
START what is the official name of the curricula that promotes nutritional education in schools? END
START what does fcs stand for? END
START aside from dieting and general nutritional information, what else does the curricula in england and wales aim to teach students? END
START in which type of school are kids required to take a number of health related courses? END
START in which country were there no specific nutritional literacy studies on a national level that could be found? END
START what does the abbreviation naal represent? END
START how many americans were found to have intermediate health literacy? END
START what percentage of americans fell below the basics of health literacy? END
START people who had a lower health literacy rate were found to be living below what standard? END
START what percentage of people were were found to have a high likelihood of low literacy skills in the mississippi delta region? END
START what primary difference was there between the naal and delta study that made comparisons difficult? END
START who was the main author of the study that suggested that the mississippi delta study identified a problem of health literacy? END
START for how many years had the my pyramid graphic been released at the time of the mississippi delta study? END
START income level was found to have a signification correlation to which outcome in the study? END
START what did the studies show there was a lack of understanding of by the population? END
START the studies indicated that there was a lack of information in the area about what kind of choice? END
START what was found to be limited or at least difficult to get access to in the studied region? END
START what kind of constraint was found to have a significant effect on the nutritional literacy? END
START aside from large people living in poverty, what else is considered a socioeconomic constraint that resulted in a decrease in opportunity for healthy food choices? END
START an imbalance in the intake of nutrients by any organism can be referred by which term? END
START in what kind of country is malnutrition often found as excessive consumption or as a nutritional imbalance? END
START aside from inadequate knowledge, what else is characteristic of malnutrition found in developing countries? END
START what is the abbreviation icrisat short for? END
START what is the name of the traditional mali recipe that equinut is a twist on? END
START what is the term that refers to a viewpoint that believes a reliance on food science is a cause of poor nutrition and ill health? END
START who is originally claimed to have given birth to the concept of nutritionism? END
START although he was not the creator of the concept, who popularized the idea of nutritionism? END
START who has to rely on nutrition experts when it comes to making decisions regarding food and nutritional values? END
START which region of the world does pollan claim could trace their health problems back to nutritionism? END
START what are organizations targeting with the aim of improving nutritional content or resources? END
START outside of policymakers and teachers, who else is a key component to improving nutritional content in schools? END
START what are health and nutrition shown to have a link to in terms of education? END
START what percentage of american students report that they currently eat the recommended servings of fruits and vegetables? END
START which animal was shown to have a negative effect on learning behavior due to nutritional deficiencies back in 1951? END
START which health issue is now becoming a common issue in developing countries? END
START which organization did a study on cancer in developing countries? END
START what were cancers such as liver cancer or stomach cancer found to have a link to? END
START the rise of lung cancer in poor nations can be attributed to the use of which product? END
START obesity, lack of exercise, age and diet are risk factors attributed to cancer that are all apart of what kind of lifestyle? END
START reduced insulin function can also go by what other term? END
START other than the reduced insulin function, what else contributes greatly to many disease states? END
START arterial microinjuries and heart disease can all be linked back to which health issue that is caused by hyperinsulinemia? END
START the metabolic syndrome is a term that refers to which health issue? END
START hyperinsulinemia has a negative effect on the levels of which important molecules in the body? END
START insulin resistance has been strongly linked to which health issue? END
START if someone struggles with insulin resistance, what kind of diabetes can develop as a result? END
START almost all individuals who suffer from type 2 diabetes and/or obesity are found to have which trait? END
START appropriate exercise and reducing glycemic load are two examples of ways to stimulate which process? END
START obesity can cause resistance to which hormone? END
START in the so called vicious cycle, what aggravates obesity to continue the cycle? END
START a characteristic of the cycle other than fat storage is a continuously high stimulation of what? END
START what function do insulin and leptin normally provide in the body? END
START what effect does insulin/leptin resistance have on the function of insulin/leptin? END
START the debate regarding factors influencing the development of insulin and leptin is not just about how, but also about what other factor? END
START other than processed foods, what else was recently introduced to the human diet? END
START what is an example of the body's ability to maintain homeostasis being overwhelmed? END
START hyponatremia is the term that refers to which action by a human? END
START in 2007, what kind of contest was jennifer strange participating in upon her death? END
START in which specific kind of events can one often find people drinking too much water? END
START when a human is suffering from hyponatremia, what is the main cause of damage that may occur? END
START damage to the brain occurs because of the increase in which process? END
START the increase in cases of diabetes, obesity and heart disease can be traced back to an increase in the consumption of what product? END
START what has been the increase in obesity among adults in the last 30 years in the united states? END
START what is the current percentage of obese adults in the united states? END
START within the past 30 years, how has the number of diabetes cases changed? END
START what does the term ldl stand for? END
START when did the industrial revolution roughly begin? END
START apart from altering the state of food, what is the other main focus in technology increases for the food processing industry? END
START which technology is primarily responsible for helping keep food fresh? END
START pasteurisation is an an example of a technology that aims to do what to food? END
START pasteurisation and autoclavation are examples of what kind of technique? END
START centrifugation and pressing are prime examples of what? END
START an unfortunate side effect of concentrating food components is that it causes what change in the food? END
START what kind of nutritional value do the processed foods have in comparison to their fresh variants? END
START what is another term other than 'fortified' that can be used to describe the addition of nutrients to processed food? END
START outside of oxidized fats, what is another substance that is deemed harmful that can be found in processed foods? END
START what did people who became ill with beri-beri have as their main food source? END
START what vitamin is removed during the polishing of rice? END
START which disease became prevalent among infants in the united states as an effect of processed foods? END
START what treatment did the milk that was fed to infants undergo to control bacterial disease? END
START what was destroyed during the pasteurisation of the milk? END
START what is undoubtedly a cause of the increase in obesity related diseases that are becoming prevalent? END
START aside from agricultural subsidizing, what else does the food processing industry influence in terms of political decisions? END
START what is perceived as the general priority of the food processing industry in this sort of economy? END
START the more expensive fresh foods have what nutritional value in relation to processed food? END
START other than being cheaper, what is another main draw of processed foods? END
START what year did the crimean war begin? END
START what year did the crimean war end? END
START who controlled the rights of christian minorities in the holy land? END
START who promoted the rights of the catholic people? END
START who promoted the rights of the eastern orthodox christians? END
START which two figures refused to back down after the churches worked out their disagreements? END
START who wanted the orthodox subjects to be placed under their protection? END
START who arranged the compromise that nicholas agreed to? END
START who demanded the changes that nicholas later refused? END
START what month did the ottomans declare war on russia? END
START where did the war begin? END
START russian troops took over which provinces first? END
START who were the ottomans led by? END
START when the turkish tried to provide reinforcements, where were they stopped at? END
START who hurried their forces to gallipoli when they feared the ottoman for would collapse? END
START near what sea did the allies decide to attack the russians? END
START in what year did the allies land on the crimean peninsula? END
START the battle of battle of balaclava took place in what month? END
START who defeated nicholas's second counter strike at the battle of balaclava? END
START the crimean peninsula is located in what city? END
START how long did it take for sevastopol to fall? END
START who wanted peace when they feared of being invaded from the west? END
START what was the name of the treaty that ended the war? END
START when was the treaty of paris signed? END
START who regained control of the christian churches after the war was over? END
START what modern technologies were first used during the crimean war? END
START who was recognized for treating the wounded while pioneering modern nursing? END
START the war was one of the first to be documented in what two ways? END
START in what year did the greek uprising take place? END
START who disbanded the janissary corps? END
START in what year was the janissary corp disbanded? END
START who destroyed most of the ottoman's naval forces during the battle of navarino? END
START in what year did greece finally become an independent state? END
START in what year did france move into alger? END
START in 1831, who was the strongest vassal of the ottoman empire? END
START who wanted to take over constantinople? END
START what military force did mahmud ii ask for aid? END
START how many russians troops were sent to the bosphorus shores? END
START in 1838, who was not pleased of their lack of power in syria? END
START who did the ottomans lose to at the battle of nezib? END
START in what year did the battle of nezib take place? END
START who helped save the ottomans by signing a convention in london?  END
START in what year did muhammad ali  finally accept the terms of the london convention? END
START who operated as the "police of europe"? END
START what treaty was signing in 1815? END
START in what year did the hungarian revolution take place? END
START who did russia help during the hungarian revolution? END
START in exchange for helping austria, russia wanted to be freely able to handle any issues they had with who? END
START for 200 years, russia been expanding across what area? END
START why did russia move towards the warmer ports of the black sea? END
START who did russia first have issues with when moving towards the warmer ports in the black sea? END
START who was treated as second class citizens under the ottomans? END
START during the russian imperial times, what other name was southern ukraine known by? END
START what did russia fail to build south? END
START what did some feel the russian army was only good for? END
START what did russian colonels due to the men who served under them? END
START in what year did france and the u.k declare war on russia? END
START what individual was responsible for france and the u.k declaring war on russia? END
START who demanded protection for roman catholic rights in sacred places in palestine? END
START charles de la valette was a devoted and leading member of what party? END
START what position did napoleon iii appoint to la valette? END
START what was the name of the ship that napoleon sent to the black sea? END
START sending a ship to the black sea violated the terms made during what agreement? END
START who felt threaten by france's force and ended up signing a new treaty? END
START who previously held the keys to the church of the nativity? END
START who held authority over roman catholic holy places after sultan abdülmecid i agreed to the new treaty? END
START who was the british ambassador in 1853? END
START who declared they no longer wanted to spread imperial russian? END
START who did the tsar send on a mission to ottoman sublime porte? END
START in what year was prince menshikov sent to the ottoman sublime porte? END
START who wanted to ruled over the 12 million orthodox christians in the empire? END
START who was the prime minister of the british government in 1853? END
START who did aberdeen appoint the position of british ambassador to the ottoman empire to? END
START who replaced stratford canning after he first resigned as british ambassador to the ottoman empire ? END
START after resigning where did stratford canning sail off to? END
START who did stratford canning convince to turn down the treaty proposal? END
START who sent armies across the pruth river? END
START who commanded the armies across the pruth river? END
START who was in control of the danubian principalities? END
START in what year did russian soldiers cross the pruth river? END
START how did most russians die when crossing the pruth river? END
START who was given the special role of guardian over the orthodox christians in moldavia and wallachia? END
START who recognized and gave russia the special guardian role? END
START who felt europe would not object to the joining of neighboring ottoman provinces? END
START what european powers met in vienna for a conference? END
START who delivered the peace terms of the vienna conference to the russians? END
START in what year did count karl von buol deliver the vienna conference news to the russians? END
START who rejected the proposal due to poor word phrasing? END
START who approved the proposal given by count karl von buol ? END
START what battle took place on november 30, 1853? END
START what did the russian send to sinop? END
START while anchored in the port, what did the russians destroy? END
START what did battle of sinop provide for france and the u.k? END
START when did the russia disregard the ultimatum to leave the danubian principalities? END
START who was concerned with russia  capturing constantinople? END
START who sent men to the dardanelles? END
START as men were sent to the dardanelles, where did burgoyne go? END
START who was burgoyne visiting in paris? END
START who wrote to burgoyne on february 8th? END
START in what year did the hungarian revolution take place? END
START who felt austria would side with him due to the hungarian revolution outcome? END
START who did austria feel threatened by? END
START who wanted the russian forces to leave the principalities? END
START why did the u.k and france get involved with the war against the russia? END
START the ottoman ultimatum took place in what year? END
START what general crossed across the danube at vidin? END
START after crossing the danube at vidin, what city did general omar pasha take control over? END
START after crossing the danube at silistra, in what city did the ottomans attack the russians? END
START what is the name of the village 9 miles north of calafat where the ottoman forces attacked the russians? END
START who advanced on dobruja in the spring of 1854? END
START what river did the russians cross to get to dobruja? END
START how man troops did the russians have when they attacked silistra ? END
START when did the siege of silistra end? END
START why couldn't the french and english take control of the field? END
START who stopped the russians from attacking vidin? END
START how man men did the austrian forces have when stopping the attack on vidin? END
START what river did the russians crossed when they entered the city of moldavia? END
START who didn't show any signs of rising up against the turks? END
START after the settlement between russia and turkey, who did the austrians decide to join? END
START the city of varna is located on what coast of the black sea? END
START who lead the turks when crossing the danube into wallachia ? END
START in what year did the turks cross the danube into wallachia ? END
START in what city did omar pasha attack the russians after crossing the danube into wallachia ? END
START the ordered the russian troops to leave the principalities? END
START at what harbor did a russian fleet attacked a ottoman force? END
START what was the name of the ship that was attacked outside of the odessa harbor? END
START who attacked the port after the attack outside of odessa harbor? END
START after the battle of sinop, what steamship approached the port of sevastopol to show support for turkey? END
START where was the port where most of the black sea fleet was located? END
START what did the russians turn their warships into? END
START why did the russians strip their warships of their guns? END
START how many 60-gun frigates did the russians lose in the black sea? END
START how many 84-gun two-deckers did the russians lose in the black sea? END
START in what year did the russians leave wallachia and moldavia? END
START war fever from what two countries caused the war to continue on? END
START who voted to have a committee investigate the mismanagement during the war? END
START in what year did the crimean campaign open? END
START 360 ships landed in what bay? END
START how many marines cause eupatoria to surrender?  END
START what is the name of the bay located at the south west coast of the crimean peninsula? END
START the russians were surprised because they were expecting the fleet to land where? END
START how many men did the russians lose after three hours? END
START which river did the allies come across the russian army? END
START how many hours did it take to force the russians away during the attack? END
START how many allies were lost during the battle? END
START which way did the russians believe they should have traveled?  END
START when did the army march to the southeast?   END
START where did the russians retreat to?  END
START who was the engineer adviser?  END
START who were the joint commanders?  END
START when did the continuous attack start? END
START when the continuous attack started, how many guns were firing? END
START who was not ready to start the attack? END
START who was outgunned due to heavy guns at a southern defense? END
START who wanted to commence with the attack during the afternoon? END
START who did the russians attack at the beginning off the battle of balaclava? END
START near what village were the 93rd highlanders posted at? END
START who led the 93rd highlanders? END
START what weapon did sir colin campbell troops use during the battle of alma? END
START what risky maneuver did sir colin campbell have the 93rd highlanders form?  END
START who countered the russian cavalry's movement? END
START who failed to take advantage of the retreat? END
START who sent the order to have them advance their position? END
START who ignored lord raglan's advice to advance? END
START who led the charge on the valley of balaclava? END
START who was cardigan under fire from when advancing on the valley of balaclava? END
START how many people did cardigan lose during the light brigade?   END
START who wrote the famous poem about the light brigade?  END
START what was the name of the poem that memorialized the light brigade? END
START what stopped ground operations during the winter? END
START what caused the hms prince to sink? END
START what was the hms prince carrying when it sunk? END
START what arrived in january with an engineering crew? END
START what caused the electrical telegraph to be delayed for some time? END
START what did the french believe was instrumental in their defense? END
START where was the russians building a new fort? END
START mamelon is found on a hill in front of what suburban commune? END
START after fighting for weeks, what did the russians continue to have control over? END
START who was the garrison commander that died on june 30th 1855? END
START what figure died on june 28th 1855? END
START what did the russians try to attack during the month of august? END
START who defended the base at balaclava? END
START who was defeated at the battle of tchernaya? END
START what was being built that caused unpremeditated fighting on each side? END
START what month did the capture of malakoff take place? END
START who captured malakoff? END
START who failed to take back malakoff? END
START who took control of the great redan? END
START what did the british-french commanders send to disrupt russian communications and supplies? END
START what sea was the anglo-french naval squadron sent to? END
START where did british-french warships enter on may 12th 1855? END
START what seaport did the british-french attack with steamers and gunboats? END
START the seaport of taganrog is near what port city? END
START what caused the hms jasper to get stuck in shallow water? END
START who blew up the hms jasper? END
START during what days did the allied squadron third siege attempt take place? END
START the allied fleet departed the gulf of taganrog on what date? END
START why did the third siege attempt fail? END
START who captured the border front of saint nicholas during a night attack? END
START how many troops did the turks have when crossing the cholok river? END
START after giving up their position at poti and redut kale, where did the russians retreat to? END
START how many troops did the turks send to gyumri? END
START what were the turks waiting for when positioned near akhaltsike? END
START who make the turks retreat back to batum? END
START who occupied bayazit? END
START where did the main forces stand? END
START on august 4th, who thought the other side was withdrawing?  END
START who made a secret agreement to remain neutral? END
START what caused the number of turkish soldiers to decrease? END
START how man troops were the turks forces in the east reduced to?  END
START who kept muravyev informed about the turks at kar? END
START what did muravyev attend to do to the turks in order to defeat them? END
START what city did muravyev decide not to take control over? END
START who vetoed omar pasha from landing in georgia? END
START in september of 1855, how many turks could be found at batum? END
START when landing at batum, what were the turks primary focus? END
START what river divides abkhazia from georgia? END
START what did omar pasha finally reach on december 2nd 1855? END
START what is the russian capital? END
START which theater was next to saint petersburg? END
START which fleet joined the baltic attack? END
START when did the anglo-french fleet join the baltic attack? END
START which two fleets returned to kronstadt? END
START when did the french and british capture the russian bomarsund fortress? END
START where was the russian bomarsund fortress at? END
START who led the ship rossiya? END
START what was captain viktor poplonsky defending?  END
START what greatly benefited the russian resistance? END
START who contributed the most to developing naval mining? END
START immanuel noble had expensive knowledge in what field? END
START who named the torpedo mines? END
START what was immanuel nobel son's name? END
START who was in charge of the hms pique? END
START the russians escaped under the cover of what in 1855? END
START petropavlovsk is located on what peninsula? END
START who gave camillo di cavour the orders to send soldiers to aid the french and british forces? END
START camillo di cavour sent how many troops to aid the french and british forces? END
START who commanded the soldiers sent by camillo di cavour? END
START the battle of the chernaya took place in what year? END
START where was victor emmanuel ii from? END
START when russia attacked the ottoman empire who glimpsed an opportunity to advance north and south? END
START when the ottoman forces were busy, who did greece invade? END
START from april 1854 to february 1857, what port did the british and french lock down? END
START in what year did the epirus revolt take place? END
START who stirred up the epirus revolt of 1854? END
START on january 21 1855, where did people protest the war? END
START how did troops stop the riot? END
START what were the people using during the protest? END
START who resigned as prime minister on january 30, 1855? END
START what position did lord palmerston previously hold before becoming a prime minister? END
START where was the treaty of paris signed? END
START what year was the treaty of paris signed? END
START who agreed to not have any military arsenal on the black sea coast? END
START who were the principalities of moldavia and wallachia later return to? END
START who returned towns and seaports to russia? END
START what year did the treaty of paris fall? END
START in what war was france defeated by prussia? END
START between what years did the  franco-prussian war take place? END
START napoleon iii was removed to form what? END
START who renounced the black sea clause? END
START who lost the most due to the crimean war? END
START russia failed to help austria during what war that took place in 1866? END
START who became diplomatically isolated after the war? END
START france rose to power after what war? END
START what empire declined after the crimean war? END
START the crimean war marked the end of what dominant european power? END
START who made the view of diplomatic drift popular? END
START what did a.w kinglake make the british out to be? END
START who believed britain was following a strategy when trying to destroy russian navy? END
START what did the russians fear losing without compensation? END
START what province became more popular and saw a increase in population after the war? END
START who made the call to sell alaska? END
START who did the russians offer to sell alaska to? END
START who is russia's largest regional rival? END
START who provided notable documentation of the war? END
START  william howard russell wrote for what newspaper at the time? END
START who's photographs accompanied william howard russell documentation? END
START who extended the telegraph to the coast of the black sea? END
START after the telegraph was extended to the coast of the black sea, how long did it take news of the war to reach london? END
START who demanded drastic reforms after the war? END
START the outbreak of the indian revolution took place in what year? END
START what poem demonstrates that the war became a symbol of failures? END
START the tactical use of railways was first used during what war? END
START who gave the first live war report? END
START due to his reporting skills, some give russell credit for doing what? END
START what reduced the independence of british overseas possessions from their commanders in london? END
START what was the first european war to be photographed? END
START what is the definition of a non-profit organization? END
START what is an npo also known as? END
START what is the purpose of an npo? END
START what does a non-profit do with the money it takes in, instead of using it for a profit? END
START what is it called when a non-profit uses it's money as it should? END
START what is the purpose of the organization's shareholders? END
START what does a group of shareholders do with surplus income? END
START what is the constraint on how shareholders distribute funds called? END
START what is a nonprofit legal structure also known as? END
START what does charitable status mean you are dedicated to? END
START what types of organizations are npos usually associated with? END
START who does an npo usually serve? END
START what do npos that center around community usually focus on? END
START what are member serving npos really focused on? END
START what are community serving npos focused on? END
START what have people come to associate the broader community with? END
START what elements make up human service programs? END
START what are the two main types of health services? END
START how do credit unions serve the community? END
START how does medical research benefit credit unions? END
START how does an npo have to handle surplus money? END
START who makes most of the decisions for an npo? END
START how do npos handle staffing? END
START what are token fees used for? END
START what control does management have in an npo? END
START what do npo's use their surplus fees for? END
START how do members meet the legal requirements for staffing? END
START how do some countries members maintain self-preservation? END
START what are paid staff permitted to generate? END
START how are charity or service npos usually organized? END
START what type of organization behaves much like a foundation? END
START  what is a major function of a foundation? END
START what are foundations also allowed to be? END
START what other organization do npo's also operate like? END
START what kind of tax status do npo's have? END
START what model do npo's follow instead of being financially successful? END
START how are groups that focus on financial success organized? END
START what are the two top types of npos? END
START how is a membership organization run? END
START how is a board only organization run? END
START what is a further constraint of an npo, depending on their legal structure? END
START what should one be aware of when dealing with a board run npo? END
START what are two examples of a membership organization? END
START what does the organization's literature impose on membership decision making? END
START what kind of structures have the national association of parliamentarians formed? END
START what concerns do the national association of parliamentarians have about self-selected boards? END
START what do they note that an organizations bylaws are not subject to? END
START how are npos classified in canada? END
START how has canada's government kept up with the changing forms of npos? END
START how do npos change their by-laws, if they had to apply for incorporation by letters permit, in canada? END
START how does alberta handle npos filing for incorporation? END
START how is incorporation handled in ontario? END
START how does alberta classify provincial legislation? END
START how are by-law changes handled in alberta? END
START what does canada allow by-law changes to be? END
START what kind of approval do for-profit corporations need to incorporate as of right in ontario? END
START what do corporations have to file in alberta if they want to change their name? END
START when was the canada corporations act, part ii repealed? END
START what did the creation of the canada not-for-profit corporations act mean for npos? END
START when did ontario adopt the canada not-for-profit corporations act? END
START when does ontario expect the canada not-for-profits corpaoations act to go into effect? END
START when was the canada not-for-profit corporations act last ammended? END
START on october 10, 2011 what was repealed? END
START what act was amended in 2009? END
START what act did ontario adopt in 2009? END
START what two things did the anticipated election in 2009 mean for npo's? END
START when did ontario repeal the canada corporations act? END
START who grants a charitable status to an npo in canada? END
START what are donors to receive from a npo? END
START how does an npo keep their charitable status? END
START how does the canada revenue agency decide who can have a charitable status? END
START what kinds of assets must the npo spend in order to keep it's charitable status? END
START how do donors keep their assets? END
START what is the cra allowed to issue to donors? END
START how do fixed assets determine an npo's status? END
START what are donors required to spend in canada? END
START what test must be taken for a npo to keep its status? END
START what do npos in south africa give to their donors? END
START what can a tax certificate issued by a south africian npo be used for? END
START where are south africian npos registered? END
START who keeps track of the trusts of south africian npos? END
START who would a south africian npo register with if they were a voluntary organization? END
START what does master of the high court issue to donors? END
START what group must all donors be registered with? END
START what can a tax certificate be used for when requested by the master of the high court? END
START what are trusts able to voluntarily register with? END
START who can use a tax certificate when its issued by the master of the high court? END
START what is the definition of a charity? END
START where are charity organizations registered in england and wales? END
START where would an npo or charity organization register in scotland? END
START what is one of the contraints of an npo with regards to assets? END
START is a trade union governed by the office of the scottish charity regulator? END
START what is the definition of a trade union? END
START where are trade unions registered in england and wales? END
START where are trade unions registered in scotland? END
START who is the charity commission not allowed to pay? END
START what are trustees subject to that other groups aren't? END
START how does a us npo apply for tax exempt status? END
START what are some things the irs looks at in a charity applying for tax exempt status? END
START does this tax exempt status apply to other taxes? END
START what happens if an npo does not abide by the tax laws? END
START who has the final say on whether or not an npo is granted tax exempt status? END
START what can a nonprofit do after it pays employment taxes? END
START how does a nonprofit ensure limits on spending? END
START what exists for limited types of deductibility purposes? END
START what conditions must an authorization letter meet to show income? END
START what type of tax can a company that is federally formed be exempt from? END
START what can states or cities offer to npos? END
START what form must an npo make available to the public? END
START are the state requirements to be tax exempt the same as the federal requirements? END
START what financial form must be filed with both the state and federal governments each year? END
START what is one example of an npo in the united states? END
START what must a company file if they pay sales tax? END
START at what level does a company need to file if they pay sales tax? END
START what does paying property tax not guarantee? END
START what does a company need to use to show payment of sales tax? END
START what must irs 990 forms be available for? END
START who is in control of the organization? END
START who does the board hire to help with running the organization? END
START how is the board of directors most often chosen? END
START how is a board of directors less commonly chosen? END
START where, on form 990, does an organization have to list what type of board they have? END
START what does the executive director have ultimate control of? END
START how is the executive director commonly elected? END
START what do board members do when they have an executive director? END
START what is the job status of an executive director? END
START where does the executive director need to list what type of board the organization has? END
START what are ways that a charitable foundation receives money for it's cause? END
START what type of funding do charitable organizations typically rely on? END
START what are some problems that affect employee retention and volunteers? END
START what legislation did the us introduce to try and help the npos? END
START when was the nonprofit sector and community solutions act adopted? END
START who is external funding an ongoing problem for? END
START what problem did npo's have in 2010? END
START what are some things that affect government funds and grants? END
START what did organizations take part in proposing in 2009? END
START what are two areas that experience problems when community solutions has a change in funding? END
START what is the biggest concern of non-profits in australia? END
START when was the commonwealth aboriginal councils and associations act adopted? END
START when was the associations incorporation act adopted? END
START what does the associations incorporation act cover? END
START who covers incorporated associations or councils? END
START what are the commonwealth aboriginal councils most concerned with? END
START what are health services not bound to since 1976? END
START in what year was the commonwealth aboriginal council formed? END
START what can the employment industry in australia choose from depending on their needs? END
START what are religious groups considered by the aboriginal council? END
START what kind of marketing budgets do npos usually have? END
START why is marketing harder for npos? END
START what does an npo need to have in order to begin thinking about expansion or rebranding? END
START what is a moer low-key way that npos can get access to marketing and word of mouth? END
START what do financial plans make it hard to create? END
START what is strategy considered in many cases by npo's? END
START what is the status of npo's financial plans usually? END
START what do npo's use to have their financial plan be recognized by stakeholders? END
START what do stakeholders use to implement a marketing strategy? END
START what is a major hurdle of the financial aspect of an npo? END
START how is resource mismanagement allowed to happen so easily? END
START how can an npo help to prevent financial problems? END
START what can constitute accounting fraud when nothing is recorded? END
START what can a large influx of money from a for-profit company do to an organization? END
START why is making employees happy a problem with npo's? END
START what can an employee do with the organization's reputation without disclosing donors? END
START what are three ways a commentator is rewarded? END
START how can a for-profit organization prevent financial problems? END
START what can large corporations attracting donors do to a npo? END
START what problems with employment do non profits face? END
START what are positions that employees really want, but there are never enough of? END
START how important do npos consider hiring? END
START what is a primary interest to prospective npo employees? END
START how do employees that are no longer with npos feel about the time that they worked there? END
START what is another problem public sector competitors face? END
START in what area does the public sector need employees? END
START what kind of shortage is there in public companies today? END
START what kind of priority do npo's give to changing stressful work environments? END
START what problems do public sector competitors have that drive away workers? END
START what can the public and private sector offer employers that npos usually cannot? END
START what types of employees do npos usually attract? END
START what is something that causes a huge problem with employment in npos? END
START where are young grads looking for that npos? END
START what do npo's have to offer employees that is better than the public sector? END
START what have npo's enjoyed an advantage in over the public and private sector? END
START what kind of employee does the private sector attract? END
START what are operational issues that the private sector has that hurts hiring? END
START where to many young employees choose to look for instead of private employment? END
START can npos match the wages of public and private sector employers? END
START what should npos focus on offering employees instead of high wages? END
START what is better than having high pay at an npo? END
START how much should an npo pay employees? END
START what are other incentives that npo emplotees can be offered instead of higher wages? END
START what benefits should the private sector focus on offering? END
START what benefit is voted higher than flexible hours and vacation? END
START how much are private companies encouraged to pay? END
START what type of environment do private sector workers look for? END
START what will the private sector never be able to match compared to npo's END
START what is one of the wealthiest nonprofit organizations in america? END
START what npo was origionally funded by hughes aircraft? END
START how much is the bill and melinda gates foundation worth? END
START how much is the howard hughes medical institute worth? END
START what is one of the largest npos outside of the united states? END
START what is one of the wealthiest university endowments in the us? END
START what group was funded by the british wellcome trust before divestiture? END
START what is the bill and melinda gates foundation considered by british usage? END
START what is the howard hughes university funded by the british wellcome trust, worth? END
START what was the british welcome trust originally funded by? END
START what is a well known npo that helps people from low incomes become homeowners? END
START what is a international npo that works on local levels to help communities thrive? END
START what is a national charite that helps to bring food and health care to low income families? END
START which npo is on the fore front of help when national disasters strike? END
START which organization is a leader in promoting nature and preserving the enviornment? END
START what has happened to teach for america now that its non functional? END
START what charity brings food and health care to mine cleaners? END
START which groups help unesco with management? END
START which fund helps oxfam provide donations to families? END
START what group helps german mine cleaners fix homes? END
START what does .org on a url mean? END
START are only npos allowed to use .org? END
START what is included in the list of organizations allowed to use .org? END
START is there an agency that decides if someone is using the domain designation incorrectly? END
START what new domain designation should a museum use? END
START what does tld in a url mean? END
START what group is .org designated specifically for? END
START what other groups fit into the domain tld? END
START what restrictions are there enforced on tld? END
START what can governments register by in their country? END
START what type of language has it been suggested that npos should begin to get away from? END
START what type of language are organizations being directed towards? END
START what is a new term for npos that has started to see more use? END
START what is a term being used for organizations that are for the citizens, by the citizens? END
START what would a group like crowdfund, gofundme or kickstarter possibly belong to? END
START what do some innovators want to be defined by instead of non-words? END
START what type of descriptive definition confuses the study of global governance? END
START what term does ashoka: innovators for the public support as more broadly used? END
START how do these non words describe business capabilities and limitations? END
START what might the new terminology used confuse advocates about? END
START what two key elements that distinguish literature as a written form of art? END
START what are two major divisions of literature? END
START besides this major division, what are two other sub-divisions to describe literature? END
START prose literature can be sub-divided into what formats? END
START what words are the latin roots of the word "literature?" END
START what are the two greek roots for "literature?" END
START what are two major divisions of english? END
START what does art consist of? END
START what is it called when literature often uses different languages? END
START what is the italian concept of cultura? END
START what is it called when works are not categorized by historical periods? END
START other than novella, what is the other subdivisions of prose literature? END
START what is literature as written productions always restricted to? END
START what is the roman root for "literature?" END
START what is the latin concept of cultura? END
START besides historical genres, how are works often categorized?  END
START the changing nature of the meaning of the term "literature" can be described as what? END
START in western europe until the 1700s, literature was a term used to describe what? END
START during what literary movement did the definition of literature begin to narrow? END
START during that 18th century period, literature began to be applied how? END
START what term has a "socially relative definition?" END
START prior to the seventeenth century, literature as a term included what too things? END
START during what period did a more broad sense of the "literature" emerge?  END
START in eastern europe, literature included all books and what else? END
START what do social studies take as its subject and analysis? END
START due to the unvarying definition of literature, what can the term "literature' be described as? END
START what did literature refer to in eastern europe prior to the eighteenth century? END
START what period brought a term that was more unrestricted to describe literature? END
START what do social studies take as its subjects of analysis? END
START what has been the result of modern debates over what constitutes literature? END
START what is literature referred to because definitions have varied very little over time? END
START what did "literature" include in western europe prior to the seventeenth century? END
START when did a more unrestricted sense of the term "literature" emerge? END
START what does cultural studies take as its only subjects of analysis? END
START what is the main component of the qualitative judgment definition of literature? END
START what french term for value-based literature literally translates as "fine writing?" END
START encyclopedia britannica defined literature in its 1911 editions how? END
START what effect does the evolving definition of literature have? END
START what is the meaning of the spanish term, "belles-lettres?" END
START how does the encyclopedia britannia tenth edition classify literature? END
START value-decisions can do what over time? END
START what years does the encyclopedia brittanica tenth edition cover? END
START what forms part of the so-called belles-lettres law? END
START what italian term means "fine writing?" END
START how does the 1901 encyclopedia britannica define "literature?" END
START in what way can value-judgments not change? END
START which edition of the world book encyclopedia uses the value judgment definition of "literature?" END
START when was the definition of value judgement first used? END
START what tradition does the value judgement definition form all of? END
START what year was the eleventh edition of encyclopedia britannica written? END
START how often do value-judgments change? END
START a definition of literature that incorporates style and the poetic nature of prose is what? END
START what is one example of writing that the formalist definition distinguishes literature from? END
START what element of the formalist definition makes it difficult to apply? END
START what part of ordinary language makes it difficult to apply the formalist definition? END
START the formalist definition when applied to industry writing allows it to be called literature when it does what? END
START what does the normalist definition of "literature" say distinguishes it from ordinary speech? END
START the term referring to unpublished material in a particular field includes what type of literature as one example? END
START tim meyer says scientific literature, for example, must use what? END
START ordinary language is an unstable category that is the same according to what? END
START what is the problem jim meyer states with the formalist definition? END
START what does the formalistic definition of literature state? END
START what is one type of writing not included in the formalistic definition of literature? END
START what is the difficulty with "ordinary language" according to cultural categories? END
START what is an example of unpublished material in a certain field?  END
START what is the formalist definition of history? END
START jim meyer considers what term to be useful in explaining scientific literature? END
START what is "ordinary language" considered according to social history and differing categories? END
START what elements of language make for poetic literature? END
START poetry is usually differentiated from prose by what factor? END
START if prose uses sentences, what is the equivalent in poetry? END
START poetry was considered to need lines and meter until when? END
START the structure of poetry may have existed before what? END
START what two qualities are used in rhyming literary art? END
START how has poetry been non-traditionally distinguished from prose?  END
START prior to the eighteenth century, poetry was commonly understood to be what? END
START in 1657, what was the definition used for "poetry?" END
START poetry constitutes the second earliest example of literature and was sustained how? END
START what is a type of lyric art that uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities? END
START what has non-traditionally been the distinguishing factor between poetry and prose?  END
START how was poetry set prior to the eighteenth century? END
START what is the 1558 definition of poetry? END
START what is poetry the latest example of? END
START what qualities does prosaic use to evoke meanings? END
START what is prose cast in if poetry is cast in sentences? END
START what is the 1568 definition of poetry? END
START until when was prose considered to need metrical lines? END
START what has poetry been confirmed to pre-date? END
START literature intended for performance is what? END
START drama is sometimes blended with what other elements? END
START what are two types of drama that incorporate music or dance? END
START drama meant to be performed in a theater is what? END
START what do we call the author of a play? END
START drama is literature that is not intended for what? END
START poetry is often combined with music and dance, as in what two things? END
START nearly all drama took prose form until what general time frame? END
START what is comprised chiefly of dialogue between two characters? END
START a closet drama refers to a a play written to be sang instead of what? END
START what is literature not intended for performance?  END
START what is the oral dramatic work of a playwright called?  END
START what does a closest drama refer to? END
START until when did very little drama take verse form? END
START what forms of drama combine with music and motion? END
START until when did all musical theater take verse form? END
START what is the composer of an opera called? END
START what is a closet drama a subset of? END
START the earliest form of drama we know of was part of what culture? END
START tragedy was a dramatic style that evolved from what? END
START a tragedy typically involved what subject matter? END
START what media was the play war of the worlds written for? END
START in what year was war of the worlds originally presented? END
START the earliest form of drama we know about is from the roman and what other culture? END
START tragedy was a style that developed and evolved from performances associated with nonreligious festivals and what other type of festival? END
START war of the worlds, written in 1838, was written for what medium? END
START many works of tragedy have been adapted for what? END
START television, film, and podcast literature have been adapted to what? END
START the latest form of drama we are aware of is from what culture? END
START what genre emerged from performances associated with nonreligious and civic festivals?  END
START comedies generally present what type of themes? END
START what was written for radio broadcast in 1838? END
START what have many works of horror been adapted for? END
START what was broadcast on radio in 1983? END
START what is the genre associated with religious themes and mythological festivals? END
START when was war of the worlds originally written? END
START literature, regardless of how the definition is applied, can be interpreted as what? END
START we can learn what by carefully examining our literature? END
START who wrote "childe harold's pilgrimage: canto i"? END
START passing information down through generations was made easier when our society did what? END
START authors of literature frequently reference what antecedents? END
START literature in most forms can be seen as what? END
START the plot is only for what purpose? END
START what do authors also reference besides roman mythology? END
START what did lord bryon write? END
START in "childe harold's pilgimage: cano i," lord byron talks about the portuguese and what other groups? END
START what can be seen as written logs? END
START besides entertainment and philosophy, what information is in a plot? END
START in what type of literature do authors make reference to roman mythology and other old texts? END
START who talks about the spanish and portuguese in "childe harold's pilgrimage: canto i?" END
START who is the main character in "childe harold's: canto i?" END
START what do we learn about from studying and analyzing history? END
START who wrote childe harold? END
START who does lord bryon talk about besides the greek and spanish in "childe harold's pilgrimige: canto i?" END
START what are we able to continuously able to uncover new information about through history? END
START what are some classical societies whose literature is still studied today? END
START besides entertainment or informational value, classic literature also possessed what quality? END
START what societal evolution helped to develop drama and satire by providing a ready audience? END
START from what settings did lyric poetry derive? END
START what is an example of a collection of classic chinese lyric poetry? END
START literature from ancient china, cambodia, ancient india, persia and what other two societies are still studied today? END
START two works that had either overt moral or didactic purpose are what? END
START what genres developed as rural culture grew and provided a larger audience? END
START epic poetry was a specialty of what? END
START in west asia, songs were collected by what people as poems? END
START what did academies provide when a more suburban culture developed? END
START besides ancient japan, what classical societies have literature that is still studied today? END
START what genres developed as suburban culture provided a bigger audience? END
START who collected songs as poems from west asia? END
START what was epic poetry the specialty of? END
START what did urban culture provide that helped poetry and satire? END
START what were poems in east asia collected as? END
START who collected songs in ancient asia? END
START subjects featured in ancient chinese literature include what? END
START what two inventions helped make chinese literature especially important and portable? END
START what historic period was the foundry for classic chinese literature in the ancient world? END
START what classic work of war science originated during this period? END
START who wrote the art of war? END
START the early literature of ancient china was primarily focused on psychology, historiography, philosophy, and what other three things? END
START japan is the origin of modern paper making and what type of printing? END
START the western zhou dynasty was present during what years? END
START ancient chinese literature placed little emphasis on historiography, which had detailed what? END
START what was complied in 388 bce? END
START what was early literature focused on in ancient asia? END
START what country is the origin of primitive paper making and woodblock printing? END
START what do the years 759-259 bce mark the existence of?  END
START what did ancient asian literature put heavy emphasis on? END
START what was compiled no later than 289 bce? END
START what period occurred from 796-896 bce? END
START what genre is sima qian's the art of war? END
START what genre is sun tzu's record of the grand historian? END
START what literature had a heavy emphasis on philosophy with very detailed court records? END
START what year was the zuo zhuan written and released? END
START what were some different genres that emerged from ancient india's oral literary traditions? END
START an important language for ancient indian literature is what? END
START what ancient religious scriptures were among the first examples of indian literature? END
START the vedic period refers to what expanse of time? END
START the vedic period began in the late bronze age and extended until when? END
START sanskrit literature begins with what that dates back to 1300-1100 bce? END
START the early genres of ancient india included drama, tragedy, fables, and what other two genres? END
START what literature follows the vedas in iron range india? END
START the vedic period spans the mid 3rd to mid 1st millennium bce, also known as what? END
START the time between the 6th and 5th centuries bc saw the composition and redaction of what? END
START how did literature originate in ancient china? END
START what does sanskrit literature end with? END
START what dates to 1530-1030 bce? END
START when does the redirection of the samhitas date to?  END
START what dates back to the years 1005-100 bce? END
START what dates to c. 1000-1500 bce? END
START what period spans the late 2nd to mid 1st millennium bce? END
START what did the period between the 2nd and 1st centuries bc see? END
START what two epic narratives were written by homer? END
START who wrote works and days and theogony? END
START plato and aristotle wrote what type of literature? END
START who were two important classic greek lyric poets? END
START the two great ancient greek historians were? END
START in ancient rome, homer wrote what two epics? END
START modern greek genres include philosophy, poetry, and what other three genres? END
START plato and socrates authored what? END
START the three roman authors whose plays still exist are who? END
START which playwright  provided the only real examples of the genre of new comedy? END
START what two epics did homer write in ancient rome? END
START who wrote works end days and theology? END
START what types of texts did plato and socrates author? END
START who were two early roman historians? END
START whose plays give examples of new comedy? END
START who wrote both the iliad and theogony? END
START what type of texts did plato and sappho author that were so important to the west? END
START what westerners were influential lyric poets? END
START what still exists written by aeschylus, sophocles, and plato? END
START much medieval literature was influenced by the works of what classic culture? END
START what form of literature enjoyed the most widespread popularity during the middle ages? END
START what element is characteristic of a medieval romance? END
START what helped cause the widespread appearance of multiple forms of literature in the renaissance? END
START what is an early example of the novel form of literature from europe? END
START greek classic literature influenced what genre of literature? END
START what genre was the most characteristic form of the bronze ages? END
START what literature proliferated during the revival? END
START modern romance developed into what type of narrative? END
START what are two late important examples of the novel?  END
START what type of literature did greek culture influenced? END
START what form of literature had limited popularity during the middle ages? END
START what types of literature emerged during the revival? END
START what is an early example of the novel from russia? END
START what proliferated during the middle ages as a result of the printing invention? END
START what is german monkey an important example of? END
START what is the chinese faust books an example of? END
START what literary movement in the 1700s recalled the fantastical literature of medieval times? END
START what elements in 19th century european literature were a reaction to the romanticism movement? END
START what are two elements prevalent among characters at the center of romanticism works? END
START how did naturalism effect the greater world? END
START 20th century literature reacted to the objectivity of naturalism in the 19th century to what? END
START what literary genre exploded in thee early 18th century? END
START as the 18th century went on, european fiction evolved toward what? END
START what did realism influence prior to the 20th century? END
START what did 21st century fiction and drama move back toward? END
START proust, eliot, joy, kafka and pirand examplified what trend? END
START what happened during the age of reasoning? END
START during the 18th century, what did european fiction evolve toward? END
START what effect did 20th century fiction and tragedy have on the world? END
START what was the reaction to the age of reason in the later 19th century? END
START in the 18th century, what did european fiction evolve toward? END
START what did 20th century realism and drama move back toward? END
START which writers documented the external rather than the internal? END
START what sub-group of literature emerged in the 20th century? END
START alternative reality genre fiction is also known as what? END
START who were two 20th century writers who blurred the lines between journalism and literature? END
START by what means did these two writers create and emergent convergence of literature and journalism? END
START critics based in what movement find fault in objective realism? END
START what sub-group of literature emerged in the 21st century? END
START hunter s. thompson expanded what after the first world war? END
START pre-modern critics have done what regarding the idea of objective realism? END
START william burroughs continued to define the lines between literature and what? END
START alternative fantasies are also know as what? END
START what two writers defined the lines between journalism and literature? END
START what genre of fiction developed in the 21st century? END
START what genre does skeptical realities and alternative detective refer to? END
START what idea have modern critics disparaged? END
START what are william thompson and hunter s. burroughs known for? END
START who has disparaged the idea of objective journalism? END
START what major form of literature appeared in the 20th century? END
START what is skeptical detective fiction also known as? END
START what two elements have reduced the literary nature of scientific journals? END
START the segregation of science writing means that articles in those subjects primarily appear where? END
START the work of what classical scientists is caught between being outdated and of literary importance? END
START in what coursework is one still likely to encounter the works of these classic scientists? END
START the literary nature of science writing has become more pronounced during what time period? END
START the science of aristotle, galileo, and newton no longer serve for scientific instruction why? END
START students often read classical scientists outside what programmes? END
START what has made new scientific research accessible to most audiences? END
START what do students rarely study outside programmes of literary study? END
START what are too technical to sit well in "history of science" programs? END
START the scientific works of which scientists are still studied regularly? END
START what classic area of study is now mostly reserved for academic consideration? END
START most serious studies in philosophy are segregated to what publications? END
START who are some of the most important philosophers in history? END
START what aspect of modern academic philosophy is less literary than technical in nature? END
START serious studies in logic tend to resemble what discipline, moreso than literature? END
START psychology has become what? END
START most new pychologic work appears where? END
START besides plato, achilles, socrates, and augustine, who are other noted major philosophers in history? END
START what is considered more literary and less technical? END
START who are the major practitioners through history?  END
START what have recent literature works argued to the merit the title of? END
START logic is technical and similar to what field of study? END
START literature gives the reader insights into what areas of its characters? END
START how does literary fiction aid the person who reads it? END
START what writer's entry in "the english journal" was concerned with young adult fiction? END
START why did this author embrace young adult literature as a grownup? END
START how did the writer refer to this psychological state experienced as a youth? END
START what gives readers access to physical aspects of a character? END
START d. michael wrote an entry about young adult fiction in what publication? END
START accessing emotional aspects of a character benefits the philosophical development and what else? END
START what did d. michael explain in "the english journal?" END
START who wrote an entry in "the journal english?" END
START who utilized adult literature to access an emotional experience? END
START how does literature benefit emotional states? END
START how does literature unite members of a society? END
START how does literature expand the horizons of its readers? END
START what determines what literary structure a literary author uses for expression of ideas? END
START what are the levers an author uses in literature to describe a psychological emotion? END
START logan says what two things explain what a person devotes to understanding a character's situation? END
START how does literature unite small communities? END
START what do readers access that provokes new physical experiences? END
START authors choose literary devices based on what philosophical emotion they are trying to what? END
START who explains that literature is a valid study of emotion because it unites a large community? END
START what do characters choose literary device according to? END
START in what way are certain cultural devices more effective than others? END
START who conceived of "the third force psychology theory?" END
START the theory states that at the center of humans beings is what? END
START the theory suggests that the quest for this nature represents what? END
START what causes a person to become separated from their "true self"? END
START what author espoused the theory of the "pristine unconscious?" END
START who came up with the "fourth force psychology theory?' END
START what does the law suggest about human beings? END
START who says that d.h. lawrence's "pristine unconscious" is a metaphor for the fake self?" END
START it is said that literature is not a reputable tool to allow readers to do what? END
START who is responsible for "fourth force psychology and the study of literature?" END
START who wrote "third force theory?" END
START who wrote "third force psychology theory and the study of literature?" END
START what does literature as a critical tool allow readers to do? END
START what does the theory suggest characters possess? END
START what is literary historical writing sometimes called? END
START reporting that attempts a creative or literary bent is sometimes called what? END
START what is the main function of journalism or historical documentation? END
START who are some classic historians regarded as literary historians? END
START a small portion of historical writings are considered what? END
START what genres of modern writing rank as literature? END
START three main literary historians include hercules, thucydides, and who else? END
START the secondary functions of historical documentations are what? END
START what does a significant amount of literature rank as? END
START who are the major utilitarian historians?  END
START what is the primary purpose of creative fiction? END
START what babylonian ruler created formal law tables? END
START what religious scripture can be fit into a large, loose definition of legal literature? END
START roman civil law was written and codified into a unified system by what group? END
START under what emperor did this group sit? END
START what empire did justinian preside over? END
START harambe of babylon created what? END
START late parts of the bible could be seen as what? END
START what was roman national law referred to? END
START many founding documents are called literature like supreme count briefings and what else? END
START what location were plato and aristotle from? END
START who reigned during the roman empire? END
START what was babylonian civil law codified in? END
START what does samuel dean say law offers? END
START literary devices are employed for what reason? END
START what is one form of narration in literature? END
START what are two types of narrative structure in literature? END
START why would an author utilize experimental narratives in literature? END
START in what type of writing would a more familiar, standard literary narrative structure be employed? END
START literary techniques are used to disenhance the what of a piece of literature? END
START literary techniques cover a slim range of what? END
START what are examples of poetic technique? END
START what might the author do to bore the reader? END
START what do literary techniques specifically accomplish? END
START why do all authors experiment with their technique?  END
START what is a familiar structure is an example of? END
START what was the term used to describe the age in which ibn sina created a big body of work? END
START what is one example of the type of translations done in the islamic golden age? END
START what school translated greco-roman texts during the islamic golden age? END
START what was one dynasty that provided a great atmosphere for cultural development? END
START what city was known as a cultural capital of the islamic world? END
START what age was ibn sina born in? END
START what school did ibn sina attend? END
START who built on islamic mathmatical systems? END
START what dynasty supressed cultural development END
START what city was the cultural capital of the world? END
START what was the term used to describe the age in which ibn sina destroyed a big body of work? END
START what is one example of the type of translations done in the muslim golden age? END
START what school translated greco-roman texts before the islamic golden age? END
START what was one dynasty that provided a poor atmosphere for cultural development? END
START what country was known as a cultural capital of the islamic world? END
START what was one subject that avicenna further developed? END
START who is another philosopher during this islamic golden age? END
START what is the name of one library that avicenna had access to? END
START who was the famous astronomer that avicenna met before he left khwarezm? END
START what text was proof that avicenna debated philosophy with some of the greatest scholars of the time? END
START where did the study of all religious texts thrive? END
START what studies were suppresed by avicenna's opponents? END
START who provided methodology and knowledge in theology? END
START what library did avicenna found? END
START who was the famous astronomer that avicenna met after leaving khwarezm? END
START what was one subject that avicenna never developed? END
START who is another philosopher during this islamic silver age? END
START what is the name of one library that avicenna didn't have access to? END
START who was the famous astrologer that avicenna met before he left khwarezm? END
START what text was proof that avicenna debated philosophy with some of the unknown scholars of the time? END
START what present-day country was avicenna born in? END
START what samanid dynasty capital was avicenna born near? END
START what present-day country is avicenna's father thought to have come from? END
START what was avicenna's mother's name? END
START by what age had avicenna learned the entire quran? END
START who was born in the 9th century? END
START what present day city was the capital of persia? END
START what government did acicenna work in? END
START what did avicenna begin to study when he was 10 years old? END
START what modern city in eastern asia was avicenna born? END
START what present-day country did avicenna die in? END
START what samanid dynasty capital was avicenna born far away from? END
START what olden day country is avicenna's father thought to have come from? END
START what was avicenna's grandmother's name? END
START by what age had avicenna learned some of the quran? END
START what secret society was avicenna considered to be a follower of? END
START who thought that avicenna was a brethren of purity follower? END
START what islamic denomination was avicenna thought to be a member of? END
START who thought avicenna was a shia? END
START what was the name of one man who thought avicenna was sunni? END
START what type of islamic school did avicenna invent? END
START what group did avicenna found? END
START who did zahir al-bayhai belove belonged to the sunni hanafi? END
START who's family is considered sunni by modern writers? END
START who's court did avicenna join? END
START what secret society was avicenna considered to be followed by? END
START who thought that avicenna was a brethren of impurity follower? END
START what islamic denomination was avicenna thought to be a rejecter of? END
START who knew avicenna was a shia? END
START what was the name of one woman who thought avicenna was sunni? END
START what had avicenna memorized by the age of 10? END
START who did avicenna learn indian arithmetic from? END
START what did avicenna learn from the sunni scholar ismail al-zahid? END
START what was one philosophy book that avicenna was taught from? END
START what unpopular philosopher's text did avicenna learn from? END
START who learned arithmatic by the age of 10? END
START who did avicenna teach arithmatic to? END
START when did avicenna start studying the quran? END
START who did abu abdullah nateli teach fiqh to. END
START who wrote euclid's elements? END
START what had avicenna memorized by the age of 12? END
START who did avicenna teach indian arithmetic to? END
START what did avicenna learn from the shia scholar ismail al-zahid? END
START what was one biology book that avicenna was taught from? END
START what popular philosopher's text did avicenna learn from? END
START what text could avicenna not understand? END
START what helped avicenna understand the metaphysics of aristotle? END
START how long did avicenna study philosophy? END
START how many times did avicenna read through the metaphysics of aristotle? END
START how much did avicenna pay for the book that helped him understand the aristotle text? END
START what text did avicenna embrace as a teenager? END
START what helped avicenna understand al farabi's commentary? END
START how long did avicenna study mathmatics  END
START how many times did acicenna read al farabi's commentary? END
START what text could avicenna understand? END
START what helped avicenna forget the metaphysics of aristotle? END
START how long did avicenna teach philosophy? END
START how many times did avicenna teach the metaphysics of aristotle? END
START how much did avicenna sell the book that helped him understand the aristotle text? END
START at what age did avicenna turn to away from philosophy? END
START what subject did avicenna start studying at 16? END
START avicenna became a qualified physician at what age? END
START avicenna found medicine to be much easier than what subject? END
START what did avicenna become at the age of 16? END
START what study did avicenna give up at the age of 18? END
START what did avicenna find more challanging than mathmatics and metaphysics? END
START at what age did avicenna reject philosophy? END
START what subject did avicenna start studying at 61? END
START avicenna became a qualified biologist at what age? END
START avicenna found medicine to be much harder than what subject? END
START what subject did avicenna stop studying at 16? END
START who was ibn sina's first appontment? END
START what did ibn sina receive as payment for helping the emir? END
START why did some accuse ibn sina of burning down the royal library? END
START who did ibn sina assist in his financial labors? END
START what year did the emir null ii recover from his illness? END
START who helped ibn sina recover from an illness? END
START who dit ibn sina treat in the 9th century? END
START what library did ibn sina found? END
START why did ibn sina burn the library? END
START who did ibn sina help to write some of their earliest work. END
START who was ibn sina's last appontment? END
START what did ibn sina receive as payment for hurting the emir? END
START why did some accuse ibn sina of burning down the royal church? END
START who did ibn sina assist in his physical labors? END
START what year did the emir null ii die from his illness? END
START at what age did avicenna lose his father? END
START what dynasty ended in december 1004? END
START what modern country did ibn sina travel to after the end of the samanid dynasty? END
START what is one district that ibn sina traveled through in search of more work? END
START who did ibn sina turn down in order to travel westwards after the samanid dynasty ended? END
START how old was ibn sina when his mother died? END
START what dynasty ended in the 10th century? END
START who did ibn sina head westward with? END
START who invited ibn sina to travel wesward? END
START what did ibn sina write while in urgench? END
START at what age did avicenna lose his mother? END
START what dynasty began in december 1004? END
START what modern country did ibn sina travel to before the end of the samanid dynasty? END
START what is one district that ibn sina never traveled through in search of more work? END
START who did ibn sina turn down in order to travel eastwards after the samanid dynasty ended? END
START what city did ibn sina settle in? END
START what modern city of today was rey in the vicinity of? END
START how many of ibn sina's shorter works were said to have been created in rey? END
START ibn sina left rey and moved southwards to what city? END
START what office did ibn sina receive in hamadan? END
START where did ibn sina write his first thirty works? END
START who did ibn sina feud with while at the palace? END
START who was emir of qazvin? END
START who did ibn sina hide for forty days? END
START who's death made ibn sani a vizier? END
START what city did ibn sina decide not to settle in? END
START what ancient city of today was rey in the vicinity of? END
START how many of ibn sina's longer works were said to have been created in rey? END
START ibn sina left rey and moved northwards to what city? END
START what office did ibn sina lose in hamadan? END
START where did ibn sina hope to flee to after hamadan? END
START what two cities were at war during this time? END
START what year did isfahan gain victory over hamadan? END
START what mercenaries were expelled after isfahan's victory over hamadan? END
START how did ibn sina escape from hamadan? END
START what prefect wrote to ibn sani offering him a position? END
START what did abu ya'far do when he found out where ibn sani was hiding? END
START what was captured in the 10th century? END
START who was given an honorable welcome in hamadan? END
START what mercenaries captured hamadan in the 10th century? END
START where did ibn sina hope to flee from after hamadan? END
START what two cities were at peace during this time? END
START what year did isfahan lose to hamadan? END
START what mercenaries were accepted after isfahan's victory over hamadan? END
START how did ibn sina escape from ramadan? END
START in what language was most of ibn sina's works written in? END
START what is one subject that ibn sina specialized in? END
START ibn sina also wrote some of his works in what other language? END
START what famous philosopher did ibn sina criticize heavily? END
START what is one of the subjects of a treatise by ibn sina? END
START who composed most of their works in greek? END
START where was greek the language of science? END
START who did ibn sina oftenpraise in his commentaries? END
START who's wrote many books in pure persian language? END
START in what language was none of ibn sina's works written in? END
START what is one subject that ibn sina never specialized in? END
START ibn sina also wrote all of his works in what other language? END
START what famous philosopher did ibn sina idolize heavily? END
START what is one of the objects of a treatise by ibn sina? END
START ibn sina's book of healing was partially available in what language? END
START how many years did it take for ibn sina's book of healing to be available in latin? END
START on what continent was the book of healing finally available fifty years after its composition? END
START what was the title of ibn sina's book of healing? END
START who did avicenna's metaphysics works have an influence on? END
START what book of healing did ibn sina write in latin? END
START what did the 12th century parisian decrees suppresse? END
START what did latin avicennism replace in europe? END
START who impacted ibn sina's thoughts on metaphysics? END
START what  bishop studied under ibn sina? END
START ibn sina's book of healing was fully available in what language? END
START how many months did it take for ibn sina's book of healing to be available in latin? END
START on what continent was the book of healing finally available forty years after its composition? END
START what was the title of ibn sina's tape of healing? END
START who did avicenna's metaphysics works have no influence on? END
START what does islamic philosophy more clearly explain than aristotelianism? END
START who does ibn sina's philosophy owe much to? END
START what is early islamic metaphysics imbued with? END
START what does muslim philosophy more clearly explain than aristotelianism? END
START what does islamic philosophy less clearly explain than aristotelianism? END
START who does ibn sina's philosophy owe nothing to? END
START what is late islamic metaphysics imbued with? END
START what is early muslim metaphysics imbued with? END
START what did avicenna start an inquiry into? END
START what two points did he write about? END
START who also began an inquiry into the question of being? END
START what is the arabic term for existence? END
START mahiat is arabic for what? END
START who followed avicenna's leadand investigated the question of being? END
START what to parts of being did avicenna merge? END
START what is the latin word for essence? END
START what can not coexist with its effect? END
START what did avicenna stop an inquiry into? END
START what two points did he read about? END
START who also began an inquiry into the answer of being? END
START what is the arabic term for resistance? END
START mahiat is muslim for what? END
START what is one modality of being that avicenna analyzed? END
START according to avicenna, what could eventually be actualized by an external cause? END
START what is the necessary according to avicenna? END
START according to avicenna, what always exists? END
START if necessary being is true in itself, what is contingent? END
START what is one modality of being that avicenna did not analyze? END
START who argued that the impossible thing could exist? END
START what did avicenna believe could never be actualized by an external cause? END
START what is the necessary not a source of? END
START what is one modality of being that avicenna never analyzed? END
START according to avicenna, what could eventually be actualized by an internal cause? END
START what is the unnecessary according to avicenna? END
START according to avicenna, what never exists? END
START if necessary being is false in itself, what is contingent? END
START the necessary exists due to what? END
START what is something that the necessary does not have? END
START what is the arabic for situation? END
START what is one thing that the necessary is detached from? END
START what has many existences? END
START what does the necessary have? END
START what is the necessary attached to? END
START the necessary exists despite what? END
START what is something that the necessary has? END
START what is the islamic for situation? END
START what is one thing that the necessary is attached to? END
START what is one thing that the unnecessary is detached from? END
START what religion was avicenna? END
START what did avicenna want to reconcile with islamic theology? END
START what did avicenna hope to do through his work? END
START up until what century was avicenna's work highly influential? END
START who did avicenna view as inspired philosophers? END
START who used philosophy to challange islamic theology? END
START who's existance was avicenna trying to disprove? END
START who wrote the curriculum at islamic religious schools? END
START what was highly influental up until the 1900's? END
START who was inspired by avicenna's work? END
START what region was avicenna? END
START what did avicenna not want to reconcile with islamic theology? END
START what did avicenna hope not to do through his work? END
START up until what century was avicenna's work slightly influential? END
START who did avicenna view as uninspired philosophers? END
START what did avicenna consider to be the only way to distinguish real philosophy from illusion? END
START what did avicenna fear about stating his theories on philosophy more clearly? END
START what did avicenna not consider when explaining his theories on philosophy? END
START what did avicenna consider an illusion? END
START who wrote about distinguishing philosophy from prophecy? END
START why did avercenna not explain his theories to others? END
START what did avicenna consider to be the only way to distinguish fake prophecy from illusion? END
START what did avicenna consider to be the only way to distinguish real philosophy from illusion? END
START what did avicenna love about stating his theories on philosophy more clearly? END
START what did avicenna fear about stating his theories on biology more clearly? END
START what did avicenna consider when explaining his theories on philosophy? END
START which interpretation of avicenna's work was more taught in islamic schools? END
START interpretations of avicenna's work split into how many different schools? END
START who used only parts of avicenna's works to support their own great spiritual insights? END
START who used avicenna's work to help understand future political events? END
START what are islamic schools also known as? END
START who's philosophy was spilt into 4 different schools? END
START which interpretation of avicenna's work was banned in islamic schools? END
START what did al-tusi believe avicenna's theological works were isolated from? END
START who's philosophy did avicenna use to gain greater spiritual insight? END
START which interpretation of avicenna's work was less taught in islamic schools? END
START misinterpretations of avicenna's work split into how many different schools? END
START who used only parts of avicenna's works to reject their own great spiritual insights? END
START who used avicenna's work to help understand past political events? END
START what are islamic schools not known as? END
START where was avicenna once imprisoned? END
START what did avicenna write while he was imprisoned? END
START what was the soul according to avicenna? END
START how is the soul perceived according to avicenna's work "floating man"? END
START how did avicenna want man to think of themselves as? END
START what did avicenna write after being released from a castle near hamahhan? END
START what did avicenna believe proved the soal had no substance? END
START who believe existance required sensory data input? END
START what is dependant on the body? END
START how did avicenna believe humans communicated with god? END
START where was avicenna twice imprisoned? END
START what did avicenna read while he was imprisoned? END
START how is the soul perceived according to avicenna's work "floating woman"? END
START how did avicenna want woman to think of themselves as? END
START where did reason interact with sensation according to avicenna? END
START what is the universal agent? END
START in avicenna's work "floating man", what is the core of a human being? END
START what is the body's perfection? END
START in avicenna's "floating man", what could the essence of a person not be? END
START where did avicenna claim the soul and sensation interacted? END
START what prepares the brain to recieve rational thought? END
START why couldn't the flying persons soul be their essence? END
START what is dependent on a physical thing? END
START what is necessary in relation to the soul? END
START where did treason interact with sensation according to avicenna? END
START what is the local agent? END
START in avicenna's work "floating man", what is the perimeter of a human being? END
START what is the body's imperfection? END
START in avicenna's "floating man", what could the essence of a person be? END
START what philosopher did avicenna discuss in his the book of healing text? END
START what work of aristotle's does avicenna focus on? END
START what method did avicenna criticize as not leading to absolute certainty? END
START what kind of inquiry did avicenna discover? END
START what work of aristotle's did avicenna closely follow? END
START what method did avucenna claim led to absolute certainty? END
START what method was replaced by aristotelian method of induction? END
START what philosopher did avicenna not discuss in his the book of healing text? END
START what work of aristotle's does avicenna not focus on? END
START what method did avicenna support as leading to absolute certainty? END
START what method didn't avicenna criticize as not leading to absolute certainty? END
START what work of socrate's does avicenna focus on? END
START what was a subject that avicenna studied, but did not develop a theory on? END
START who expanded on avicenna's work in temporal logic? END
START what became the dominant system of islamic logic? END
START what european logician was greatly influenced by avicenna? END
START whose law of noncontradiction did avicenna endorse? END
START who studied and developed theories on temporal logic? END
START who's system of logic did avicenna further develop? END
START who's system of logic is dominant in modern times? END
START what european logicians did avicennian logic borrow from? END
START whorefuted the law of noncontradiction? END
START what was a subject that avicenna studied, and developed a theory on? END
START who expanded on avicenna's work in permanent logic? END
START what became the nondominant system of islamic logic? END
START what european magician was greatly influenced by avicenna? END
START whose law of contradiction did avicenna endorse? END
START what is avicenna's book of healing referred to in arabic? END
START what subject is seen throughout avicenna's book of healing? END
START in an argument by avicenna, the soul is without what? END
START whose argument is similar to avicenna's that the soul is without quantitative extension? END
START what is the latin for avicenna's psychology parts in his book of healing? END
START what text embodies avicenna's legacy in philosophy? END
START what kind of extension does avicenna say the soul has? END
START who's agrument disagrees with avicenna's argument on the soul? END
START what is avicenna's book of healing referred to in muslim? END
START what subject is never seen throughout avicenna's book of healing? END
START in an argument by avicenna, the soul is with what? END
START whose argument is similar to avicenna's that the soul is with quantitative extension? END
START what is the latin for avicenna's philosophy parts in his book of healing? END
START what does avicenna ground his psychology on? END
START according to avicenna, the body and soul must be what in order to ensure the soul's individuation? END
START how does avicenna  explain the connection between body and soul? END
START how does man first perceive features of an object? END
START the body and soul's interaction takes place where? END
START what does avicenna not ground his psychology on? END
START according to avicenna, the body and soul must not be what in order to ensure the soul's individuation? END
START how does avicenna explain the disconnection between body and soul? END
START how does man first perceive features of an subject? END
START the body and soul's interaction takes place when? END
START what muslim astronomer did avicenna influence? END
START what subject did avicenna consider to be a separate discipline from astrology? END
START what philosopher thought the stars received their light from the sun? END
START what planet did aristotle think was a spot on the sun? END
START where did avicenna think venus was in relation to the sun? END
START what muslim astrologer did avicenna influence? END
START what subject did avicenna consider to be a separate discipline from astronomy? END
START what philosopher thought the stars received their light from the moon? END
START what planet did aristotle think was a spot on the moon? END
START where did avicenna think venus was in relation to the moon? END
START what work by avicenna is thought to be a fake? END
START what is another work of avicenna that is said to not be his creation? END
START what is definitely seen as being written by avicenna? END
START what is the kitab al-shifa? END
START what did ibn sina classify into stones? END
START what work by avicenna is thought to be a real? END
START what is another work of avicenna that is said to be his creation? END
START what is definitely seen as being read by avicenna? END
START what isn't the kitab al-shifa? END
START what didn't ibn sina classify into stones? END
START who said that ibn sina was one of the greatest thinkers? END
START what did george sarton write? END
START ibn sina was described as the most famous scientist in what religion? END
START who is another leading islamic figure in medicine? END
START during what centuries was ibn sina ranked among such medical greats as hippocrates? END
START who said that ibn sina was one of the weakest thinkers? END
START what did george sarton read? END
START ibn sina was described as the least famous scientist in what religion? END
START who is another unimportant islamic figure in medicine? END
START during what centuries was ibn sina not ranked among such medical greats as hippocrates? END
START in what modern country is avicenna considered an icon? END
START where is a monument located that honors avicenna? END
START where is the avicenna mausoleum and museum located? END
START in what european school does avicenna's portrait hang in their hall of medicine? END
START what plant genus is named after avicenna? END
START in what ancient country is avicenna considered an icon? END
START where is a monument located that dishonors avicenna? END
START where is the avicenna mausoleum and museum not located? END
START in what european hospital does avicenna's portrait hang in their hall of medicine? END
START what plant genus is not named after avicenna? END
START what superpower in 1980 created a stamp in honor of avicenna? END
START what was avicenna's birthplace? END
START a medical staff training college named in his honor is how many miles away from his birthplace? END
START in 1980, how many years had it been since avicenna's birth? END
START besides stamps, what did the soviet union also create in avicenna's honor? END
START what superpower in 1908 created a stamp in honor of avicenna? END
START what was avicenna's death place? END
START a medical staff training college named in his honor is how many kilometers away from his birthplace? END
START in 1980, how many years had it been since avicenna's death? END
START besides stamps, what did the soviet union also destroy in avicenna's honor? END
START when was it announced that avicenna would have medical directories named after him? END
START what does the avicenna directories contain? END
START what was avicenna known for? END
START what is avicenna's name needed for? END
START when was it not announced that avicenna would have medical directories named after him? END
START when was it announced that avicenna would have medical directories named after his father? END
START what does the avicenna directories exclude? END
START what was avicenna not known for? END
START what is avicenna's name not needed for? END
START what movie was made about avicenna's younger years? END
START what movie was made about avicenna's older years? END
START what movie was made in 1928? END
START who wrote the 1895 novel the walking drum? END
START who wasn't played by ben kingsley END
START what is a rare discipline that avicenna worked on? END
START on what subject is one of avicenna's treatise based on? END
START what doctrine is some of avicenna's works based around? END
START according to some, what was ibn sina trying to do regarding his works? END
START what is an unrare discipline that avicenna worked on? END
START on what object is one of avicenna's treatise based on? END
START what doctrine is some of avicenna's works not based around? END
START according to all, what was ibn sina trying to do regarding his works? END
START according to some, what was ibn sina trying not to do regarding his works? END
START who published avicenna's poem on logic? END
START what is the name of avicenna's larger encyclopedic treatise?  END
START where is avicenna's al-shifa manuscript located? END
START what is the shorter form of al-shifa called? END
START what two subjects of avicenna's have been reprinted extensively? END
START who published avicenna's song on logic? END
START what is not the name of avicenna's larger encyclopedic treatise?  END
START where is avicenna's al-shifa manuscript not located? END
START what is the longer form of al-shifa called? END
START what two subjects of avicenna's have been reprinted a little bit? END
START what are logograms used in the writing of chinese? END
START what are chinese characters called in standard chinese? END
START what have been adapted to write in a number of other languages? END
START what number in the tens of thousands? END
START what requires a knowledge of three to four thousand characters? END
START which are identical to chinese forms? END
START what use the traditional radical-based character index? END
START what will have the character's pronunciation in pinyin? END
START what is at the front of most modern chinese dictionaries? END
START what are most words in old chinese? END
START what almost always corresponds to a single syllable? END
START what is written with two characters? END
START what has many homophones? END
START what may have a wide range of meanings? END
START what have been beneficial in the reconstruction of middle chinese? END
START what represent words of the language using several strategies? END
START what are some words expressed in? END
START what were most words written in? END
START what are the most numerous characters? END
START what is the radical under which the character is listed in dictionaries? END
START what suggests the general meaning of a compound character?  END
START what side is a phonetic indicator located on? END
START what is the process of historical phonetic change? END
START what process can sometimes seem arbitrary today? END
START what is occasionally written with two characters that contain the same radical? END
START what is also a fruit? END
START what may share a radical without being meaningful? END
START what may have been found at neolithic sites in china in recent decades?  END
START what has demonstrated a history of sign use in the yellow river valley? END
START what color was the famous valley during the neolithic through to the shang period? END
START what was the earliest confirmed evidence of the chinese script? END
START where were the symbols carved on? END
START where was the source of oracle bones traced to? END
START what existed as early as the shang dynasty? END
START what did the oracle-bone script coexist alongside? END
START what were preserved in typical bronze inscriptions? END
START what has evolved over time? END
START what type of forms are bird and insect scripts considered? END
START what is guwen considered as? END
START what has evolved slowly in the state of of qin? END
START what script runs counter to the traditional belief that the qin dynasty had one script only? END
START what was invented in the early han dynasty from the small seal script? END
START were multiple scripts used during the han period? END
START what was one of the more dominant scripts during the time? END
START what name stood for "orderly"? END
START what appeared at the end of the late eastern han period? END
START what script was traditionally attributed to liu desheng? END
START who showed examples of early semi-cursive script? END
START what had been linked to zhong yao? END
START what was zhong yao known for? END
START who was the son of wang zishi? END
START what were the north and south considered as? END
START what continued to evolve stylistically? END
START what script saw no more stages of evolution? END
START what contains four strokes? END
START what do some dictionaries have? END
START what gives remaining stroke numbers? END
START what often allow users to locate entries in several ways? END
START what lists chinese characters in radical order? END
START what is grouped together by radicals? END
START what can be easily coined by writing on paper? END
START what can be difficult to represent on a computer? END
START what has their been a prominent supply of in the 20th century? END
START what can be coined at any time? END
START what may not be adopted? END
START what are also known as japanese-coinages? END
START what are not used in formal written chinese? END
START what contains a block of characters used to showcase hokkien chinese? END
START what was the preference for all mainland regions? END
START what supports 48,027 characters? END
START what supports 13,053 characters? END
START what area uses traditional chinese characters? END
START what country uses simplified chinese characters? END
START what lists 2,500 common characters? END
START what is an early version of the national encoding standard used in the people's public of china? END
START what is written in modern usage? END
START what is one consequence of modifying radicals? END
START what combines "grain radical" with the "mouth radical"? END
START what does not include characters in the chinese family? END
START what is formed by chinese principles?  END
START what created over 5,000 characters with similar strokes? END
START what remains unknowable? END
START what becomes developed all the time? END
START what is the best means of estimating the historical growth of character inventory? END
START what is one of the most complex characters in modern chinese dictionaries? END
START what features 33 strokes? END
START what are among the most complex characters in modern dictionaries?  END
START what have become more rare? END
START what is the most complex chinese character? END
START what is one 64-stroke character? END
START who is a taiwanese politician? END
START what will often add bopomofo phonetic symbols? END
START what may render certain names in katakana instead of kanji? END
START what have been constantly found in religious or ritual use? END
START what seeks to limit the use of polysyllabic characters? END
START what is sometimes written as a single character? END
START what are disyllabic and usually written with two characters? END
START what is a less systematic example? END
START what is commonly written with a single character formed by combining the last character with the radical of the first? END
START what characters are often non-standard? END
START what is a commonly seen example? END
START what is formed as a ligature? END
START what may be contracted into single characters? END
START what can be considered as set phrases? END
START what are logograms? END
START what are primarily morphosyllabic? END
START what are written with a single character? END
START what have the same phonetic, but different radicals? END
START what are written with very precise rules? END
START what has standardized character forms? END
START what are also written with different stroke orders due to character simplification? END
START what have a characteristic shape? END
START what occupy a more or less space area? END
START what can sometimes be translated as tetragraph? END
START what are commonly used? END
START what are often used to teach students chinese characters? END
START what resembles an actual person's handwriting? END
START what is the art of writing chinese characters? END
START what is one of the four arts of the chinese scholars? END
START what is not required? END
START what script is used informally? END
START what are suggested, rather than explicitly realized? END
START what script is derived from the cursive script? END
START what script is only used in artistic seals? END
START what script is the oldest and still in use today? END
START who work in the style of carving a traditional seal in the script? END
START what are also known as "traditional"? END
START what is usually more similar to traditional chinese characters? END
START what is commonly used in taiwan? END
START what did the japanese government institute?  END
START what was restricted? END
START when was the 2136 character reformed? END
START what are drawn from conventional abbreviated forms? END
START what was written with the structure in the clerical script? END
START what script uses one fewer stroke? END
START who issued its first round of character simplifications in two documents? END
START when was a second round announced? END
START how was the second round received? END
START what almost always includes character simplification? END
START what is caoshu? END
START when did discussions of character simplification take place? END
START what varies greatly? END
START what were mandatory in printed works? END
START what were adopted for use in mainland china? END
START who is john gulick? END
START who constantly selected unaspirated characters? END
START who have followed this method? END
START what is now limited to ceremonial uses? END
START what were once in widespread use? END
START what was used in schooling? END
START when did the second ruler of north korea pass away? END
START who stepped up after 2011? END
START who began moderating the use of hanja? END
START what are students taught to memorize? END
START what is name of the hanja? END
START what is the korean pronunciation of water? END
START what is still being used according to experts? END
START what is used in situations where ambiguity must be avoided? END
START what is considered a location with a high level of ambiguity? END
START what was the dominant form of written communication? END
START what is treated as being conservative and confucian? END
START what comes directly from china? END
START what also includes a pair of syllabaries? END
START why do the syllabaries differ? END
START what uses a composite system? END
START what has been promoted as a justification for spelling reforms? END
START character simplification predated the republic's formation in what year? END
START who issued the first round of official characters? END
START the first known european explorer to reach bermuda was of what nationality? END
START what is the name of the first european explorer to reach bermuda? END
START what animal did the spaniards or other europeans bring to the island that then became wild inhabitants? END
START what company permanently settled bermuda? END
START who was the first known european explorer to reach bermuda? END
START in what year did jaun de bermudez first reach bermuda? END
START how many times did bermudez visit the archipelago? END
START what animal are european parties responsible for releasing in bermuda? END
START in what year did the english virginia company settle permanently in bermuda? END
START who first reached bermuda in 1305? END
START who landed on the archipelago in 1503? END
START who was responsible for the 1534 inscription in portuguese rock? END
START who settled in bermuda in 1690? END
START who settled in jamestown in 1609? END
START what is the capital of bermuda? END
START what spin-off company took over operations in bermuda in 1615? END
START in what year did bermuda enter british rule? END
START what is the name of the company that managed the colony from 1615-1684? END
START in what year did the islands become a british colony? END
START what event occured that automatically ranked bermuda as the oldest remaining british overseas territory? END
START what was bermuda's first capital? END
START what company was the spin-off of somers isles company? END
START who took over the colony from virginia in 1614? END
START who managed the colony until 1648? END
START what happened in 1770? END
START when was china returned to hong kong? END
START what two business drive bermuda's economy? END
START what type of climate does bermuda have? END
START bermuda stands as a northern point in what susposed area of strange activity and disappearances? END
START what protects the island from storms? END
START what are bermuda's largest economic sectors? END
START what occurance is the greatest factor affecting bermuda's economy? END
START why is the bermuda triangle an area of interest? END
START why is the island safe from full hurricane devastation? END
START what is the climate of bermuda? END
START who had the highest gdp per capita during the 20th century? END
START what is the bermuda triangle the northernmost point of? END
START what is the legend associated with bermuda? END
START what is bermuda's economy based on in addition to offshore tourism? END
START bermuda is located in what ocean? END
START bermuda is on the western fringe of what sea? END
START travel from puerto rico to bermuda would be in which direction? END
START travel from portugal to bermuda would be in which direction? END
START travel from south carolina to bermuda would be in which direction? END
START what natural features compose bermuda? END
START in what major ocean is bermuda located? END
START bermuda is located 898 nautical miles from what us city? END
START bermuda is closest (in nautical miles) to which us state? END
START what ocean formed bermuda? END
START what sea does bermuda lie in? END
START how many nautical kilomteters is bermuda from cape hatteras? END
START how many nautical kilometers is bermuda from miami, florida? END
START what do the islands lie due west of? END
START what is the limestone cap of the seamount made from? END
START during the ice age, what area of land was above water? END
START has the seamount always been above sealevel? END
START what type of volcano forms the archipelago? END
START why is the top of the seamount formed by marine organisms? END
START what was the result of the whole cladera being above sea level during the ice ages? END
START the submarine volcano was formed as part of the same proces as what two things? END
START when was the caldera partially above sea level? END
START what is the volcano part of? END
START what did the mid-atlantic ridge form? END
START what does the seamount form? END
START in the bermuda land mass, how many islands are named "long island"? END
START in the bermuda land mass, how many bays are named "horseshoe bay"? END
START in the bermuda land mass, how many bays are named "long bay"? END
START where can st. george's town be found? END
START what are three of the bays named? END
START what name do the bays in southampton and morgan's point share? END
START st. george's town, st. george's island and st. george's parish are all referred to as what? END
START what is the name of the parish located in the city of hamilton? END
START how many islands are named bay island? END
START how many bays are named island bay? END
START how many bays are named khyber bay? END
START how many roads are named horseshoe pass? END
START what directional shore of bermuda is home to the majority of its hotels? END
START bermuda's coral reefs, shipwrecks, and shallow waters are great for what activity in particular? END
START historic st. george's has been given what distinction? END
START what odd color of sand draws tourists to bermuda's beaches? END
START what makes bermuda a popular tourist destination? END
START where are the majority of bermuda's hotels? END
START what has st. george been designated as? END
START why are divers attracted to bermuda? END
START why is bermuda a great place for snorkellers? END
START what are located along the shore of the coral reefs? END
START what is bermuda designated as? END
START what can be explored in 9-12 ft of water? END
START what can be explored in 30-40 m of water? END
START the only indigenous mammals of bermuda are five species of what animal? END
START what is the national bird of bermuda? END
START what animal was believe to be the only land vertebrate of bermuda? END
START what animal was found, through dna testing, to pre-date the arrival of humans to the archipelago? END
START what are the only native mammals found in bermuda? END
START what is the national bird of bermuda? END
START why is the national bird of importance? END
START what animal has held the title of bermuda's only native land vertabrate? END
START why is there a debate as to dubbing the diamondback terrapin the oldest indigenous land vertebrate? END
START what is one of five indigenous mammals of bermuda? END
START what portion of bermuda are bats found? END
START when was bermuda's national bird first discovered? END
START what went extinct in 1620? END
START what species of turtle was introduced in bermuda? END
START when did bermuda have a large amount of people immigrating to it? END
START where are the largest group of non-native people in bermuda from? END
START according to census result, there was the greatest decline in people claiming what ancestry? END
START which cultural group can claim 79% residency? END
START during what century was the diverse immigration? END
START what did 46% of the population identify as in 2000? END
START what did 51% of the population identify as in 2010? END
START what group has 3,924 persons? END
START what group of people increased by 583? END
START there is no distinction between what two ethnicities of bermudians? END
START which ethnicity claimed the majority in bermuda during the 17th century? END
START anyone in bermuda that is not considered 100% of european heritage is referred to as what? END
START why is it problematic that the "coloured" population of bermuda is now referred to as "black" or "african heritage"? END
START there has been a double in the population of people born in which country? END
START what groups of bermudians is there an ethnic distinction between? END
START who was the distinct majority for the first 17 years of the settlement? END
START who was the minority for the first 17 years of the settlement? END
START who lost their numerical advantage by the 17th century? END
START what group of people doubled in population in the year 2000? END
START what term is used to refer to the majority of black people in bermuda? END
START why were so many blacks repeatedly being imported from africa? END
START why can bermudian blacks trace their ancestry back over centuries in bermuda? END
START what is one way that the ancestry of bermudian black population differs from that of british west indian black population? END
START what modern population contains one demographic group? END
START what tripled in 2000? END
START what ended in 1843? END
START what is the ancestry of the british west indian black population? END
START what happened in 1843? END
START why is the black population in bermuda different from that in the british west indies and the united states? END
START where did the spanish and portugese enslave most of their black people from? END
START what is one way we can show that black bermudians are of different heritage than african americans? END
START who came from ghana? END
START what language did the first blacks to arrive in bermuda speak? END
START where did south-west africa source most of their slaves? END
START who has ancestry very similar to that of the blacks of the united states? END
START who has ancestry that is distinctly different from the blacks of latin america? END
START what is one group that bermuda's black population can link some of their ancestry to? END
START residents of what particular area have awareness of this link to native american heritage? END
START during what period were there hundreds of native americans shipped to bermuda? END
START why was there a large population of algonquian people in bermuda? END
START who do native americans trace most of their ancestry to? END
START during what period were hundreds of st david's islanders shipped to bermuda? END
START who was exiled from the new england colonies? END
START who was sold into slavery during the king philip war? END
START what is considered the primary language of bermuda? END
START what is a lesser spoken, secondary language in bermuda? END
START what are the greatest influences to bermudian culture? END
START which cultures claim to be a dominant source of bermuda's cultural heritage? END
START whose culture has a mix of its spanish-american and irish populations? END
START what cultures were evident in the 16th century? END
START what lasted for 170 years? END
START what do some speak because of 170 years of immigration? END
START what historical significance can the book the history of mary prince claim? END
START what contribution to history is it believed the history of mary prince made? END
START the majority of books published by local authors were of what nature? END
START which local author most recently enjoyed success for published works of fiction? END
START what was the first book credited to a bermudian? END
START who wrote the history of prince mary? END
START what is thought to have contributed to the abolition of slavery in bermuda? END
START when did graham ernest ingham publish books? END
START during what years did angela barry live? END
START what type of painting are bermuda artists known for? END
START what type of art work does chesley trott produce? END
START what significant event does the sculpture the arrival portray? END
START who is one of bermuda's most famous watercolourists? END
START where are hand-carved cedar sculptures sold? END
START who created the 7 m sculpture installed at the airport? END
START what sculpture was unveiled in 2001? END
START what 1853 does the arrival commemorate? END
START what is birdsey alfred's profession? END
START who is credited with discovering bermuda? END
START what did spanish and portugese ships use the islands for? END
START what did early visitors attribute the noises of the islands to? END
START crazy noises from indigenous animals, frequent storms and hazardous reefs earned the islands what name? END
START what was discovered in 1305? END
START who discovered bermuda in 1305? END
START what was published in 1511 by angleria de pedro martir? END
START when was legatio babylonica published by pedro angleria de martir? END
START sir george somers embarked on a mission to do what? END
START the devastating wreck of the flotilla is said to have inspired what playwrite? END
START how long did sommer's settlers stay in bermuda? END
START who did sommer's claim the island for? END
START what was established in 1706? END
START where was a colony established in 1706? END
START who was sir thomas somers? END
START who was sir george gates? END
START what did 229 passengers and a dog survive? END
START who was one of the original survivor's to sail on to jamestown. END
START what is one of the main things john rolfe is known for? END
START when did the english begin their intentional settlement of bermuda? END
START what is st. george credited with? END
START what happened in 1601? END
START who sailed to jamestown in 1601? END
START who did rolfe john marry? END
START what happened in 1621? END
START who began intentional settlement of bermuda in 1621? END
START what is a major reason that bermuda has problems with overpopulation? END
START what does bermuda rely on to counteract overpopulation? END
START where did a large number of bermudians emigrate to before the american revolution? END
START why does a third of the population spend time at sea? END
START how many bermudians emigrated during the american revolution? END
START what area of great britain did more than ten thousand bermudians emigrate to? END
START who did spain displace as the dominant european imperial power? END
START what was the main industry in the 18th century? END
START why did the somers isles company decide to surpress shipbuilding? END
START why wasn't agriculture successful? END
START what did bermudians do when agriculture failed? END
START why was the somers isles company's charter revoked? END
START what did the somers isles company press in the 17th century? END
START what colony did bermuda surpass in quantity of tobacco produced? END
START what colony did bermuda surpass in quality of tobacco produced? END
START what company was dissolved in 1648? END
START what event caused major changes in bermuda? END
START why did defence infrastructure become the major source of bermuda's economy? END
START how does the british crown view bermuda? END
START what happened to bermuda's independance due to british importance on them for military reasons? END
START what colony caused profound change to the end of the war? END
START what infrastructure was built up in the 19th century? END
START what did bermuda consider london to be more than a colony? END
START who was bermuda's main trading partner before the war? END
START what is a factor that hurt bermuda's merchant shipping? END
START why didn't bermuda produce metal ships? END
START why did the need for bermuda's salt diminish? END
START what was the primary market for bermuda following the war of 1812? END
START who did control of the bahamas pass to in 1819? END
START what happened in 1918? END
START when did america's market for salt disappear? END
START why is captain fritz joubert duquesne famous? END
START after duquesne made his way to st. george, what did he do? END
START after settling in the us, what did duquesne do? END
START what was captain joubert fritz duquesne serving a sentence for? END
START what sentence was captain joubert fritz duquesne serving? END
START who escaped on 25 june 1942? END
START what happened in 1924? END
START when did the first aeroplane reach bermuda? END
START why did the plane have to land twice before reaching bermuda? END
START what improved thanks to the royal air force in 1933? END
START who began experimenting with flights from berlin to new york, stopping in the azores? END
START what reached bermuda in 1903? END
START what is detroiter stinson a type of? END
START what improved in 1936 because of the royal air force? END
START who began to experiment with seaplane flights in 1933? END
START what did imperial airways and pan american begin scheduling in 1937? END
START what helped tourism grow to new heights in the 1960-1970's? END
START what became the main source of bermuda's economy in the 1970's? END
START who began operating scheduled services in 1973? END
START what did imperial world airways and pan american airways begin doing in 1937? END
START what is now known as f.l. wade international airport? END
START what reached a peak in 1960? END
START the governor of bermuda gets his authority from whom? END
START who appoints the governor of bermuda? END
START who is currently the governor of bermuda? END
START who is responsible for defence and foreign affairs? END
START what is bermuda officially classified as? END
START who exercises executive authority on behalf of the governor? END
START who is the queen appointed by? END
START what title does george arkely currently hold? END
START what title does david fergusson currently hold? END
START what happened in 1602? END
START when was the constitution of bermuda enforced? END
START has bermuda's constitution ever been amended? END
START what is the head of bermuda's government referred to as? END
START what is the legislative branch of bermuda modeled after? END
START what does the population get to vote for? END
START what came into force on 7 june 1961? END
START what was amended in 1983 and 2009? END
START what is nominated by the governor and appointed by the premier? END
START what is the upper house called, consisting of 36 members? END
START what is the lower house called, consisting of 11 members? END
START who has the largest accredited diplomats in bermuda? END
START who is the current us consul general? END
START why is the us so important to bermuda? END
START what percentage of bermuda's residents are us citizens? END
START what does bermuda maintain in the united states? END
START what is the bermuda diplomatic mission comprised of? END
START who is robert wade? END
START when did robert wade take office? END
START what percentage do the 14% us citizen residents of bermuda represent as foreign born persons? END
START where were the uyghurs transferred from? END
START what were the uyghurs claiming to be? END
START what were the ugyhurs accused of? END
START why weren't the ugyhurs deported back to china? END
START what happened on 9 june 2011? END
START how many uyghurs were transferred to bermuda on 9 june 2011? END
START what year were the uyghurs captured fleeing america? END
START who was cleared safe for release from guantanamo in 2005? END
START when was homosexuality legalized in bermuda? END
START what occurred in february of 2016? END
START what did the chief justice decide? END
START what happened due to the stubbs bill in february 1994? END
START what did wayne kawaley wish to do in 2016? END
START what did the oab government do in 2016? END
START what did hon mr. justice ian furbert's earlier ruling state? END
START who has "observer status" to caricom? END
START what did the virgin islands announce in 2007? END
START why did bermuda join caricom? END
START what other member states belong to the caribbean? END
START what did bermuda join to strengthen their economy? END
START what status do the united states virgin islands have with caricom? END
START what commonwealth announced it would seek ties with caricom in 2007? END
START why did the english originally colonize bermuda? END
START what two areas have provided a constant stream of immigration to bermuda since the 20th century? END
START why have these recent immigrants had trouble becoming permanent residents? END
START when did bermuda ease up on its immigration laws? END
START why were black politicians upset about the change in immigration laws? END
START who were the english colonised by? END
START what has virginia long had close ties with? END
START what did virginia have a history of? END
START during what century was there considerable immigration to bermuda from the west indies? END
START during what year did bermuda relax its immigration laws? END
START what cultural group has dominated the plp? END
START who are two prominent members of the plp? END
START what are dame lois browne-evans and her husband putting an emphasis on? END
START why are some bermudians against the emphasis of west indies cultural connections? END
START who had dominated caricom? END
START who was dame lois evans-browne? END
START whose husband was evan johns? END
START due to the british goverment's defense forces, what are two nicknames for bermuda? END
START what did bermuda's merchant shipping fleet do whenever it had the chance? END
START what was bermuda established as after the american revolutionary war? END
START when were the militias in bermuda disbanded? END
START how did the colony form a military garrison in the 19th century? END
START what was known as the fortress of the west and gibraltar bermuda? END
START who is the british government defended by? END
START what did he british government maintain? END
START what year were the militias disbanded? END
START what did the us ask of britain in may 1940? END
START what did the destroyers for bases agreement do? END
START what was one thing the uk wanted in return for granting access to bermuda? END
START who was the prime minister who reached this agreement with the us? END
START when did the us request base rights from bermuda? END
START who was darrell churchill? END
START what happened in september 1904? END
START what relocated in 1934? END
START where did raf transport command relocate from in 1934? END
START what did the us begin building in 1941? END
START who primarily used the bases in bermuda? END
START what was the navy patrolling for? END
START what was the naval air station bermuda originally? END
START what is the naval air station used for? END
START what began in 1914? END
START what consisted of 5.8 sq mi of land? END
START where was air force base kindley located? END
START what was transferred to the us navy in 1907? END
START what was the nas primarily a base for? END
START what did the nas bermuda offer once designated annex? END
START what is located west of the nas annex? END
START what happened at the end of the cold war? END
START what was built in 1960? END
START what became the nas bermuda? END
START what did us forces do in 1999? END
START what was leased for 95 years? END
START when did bermudians serve in the british armed forces? END
START who was key to establishing bermuda's regiment? END
START who was the youngest royal marine brigadier? END
START what is the site for bermuda's remembrance day? END
START who was major-general charles glyn gilbert anglim? END
START what was major-general charles glyn gilbert anglim instrumental in? END
START who did admiral lord gambier and marines brigadier royal harvey precede? END
START who became the youngest-ever marine royal brigadier? END
START what was the new currency in bermuda as of 1970? END
START the bermudian dollar is equal to what other currency and can be used interchangeably? END
START who is pictured on bermudian dollars? END
START who regulates all financial institutions as well as the issuing of money? END
START where can you see a permanent exhibition of bermuda currency? END
START what did the country switch in 1907? END
START what currency did bermuda switch to in 1907? END
START who do the us notes carry the image of? END
START what does the naval dockyard royal museum hold a permanent collection of? END
START why is bermuda considered an offshore financial center? END
START what does it do in place of an income tax system? END
START what does bermuda use the consumption tax for? END
START what three things does the tax system depend on? END
START what is bermuda's legal system derived from? END
START what country uses an income tax in lieu of an import tax? END
START what is bermuda's income tax used to fund? END
START what is derived from the english courts? END
START what can foreign private individuals easily do? END
START what does the exchange specialize in? END
START what is the bsx a member of? END
START where is the bsx located? END
START which foreign country offers the bsx approved stock exchange status? END
START where are there 300 securities listed? END
START what is the bxs a full member of? END
START where is the bxs located? END
START what does ffi stand for? END
START who created and popularized many of the sports that we love today? END
START why were sports important in these schools? END
START who founded organizations like the fa? END
START what changed in 1885 due to the fa changing rules? END
START what does af stand for? END
START what began in 1858? END
START what did the british empire formalise in the 19th century? END
START what happened to the public schoolboys in these sports? END
START how were sports introduced in bermuda? END
START which sport did not transfer well to bermuda? END
START which sport was quickly adopted? END
START what sports did schoolboys introduce to bermuda? END
START who founded the bermuda royal yacht club? END
START what sport adapted well from british rivers to the atlantic? END
START what sport took place at the bermuda royal yacht club? END
START who did schoolboys displace? END
START what bermuda sport team participated in the 2007 world cup? END
START who is bermuda's most popular cricket player? END
START who defeated bermuda? END
START what began in 1872 when the game of cricket was introduced to bermuda? END
START why is there an east end/west end rivalry? END
START what team participated in the 2007 world cup cricket? END
START who is 130 lb dwayne leverock to the cricket team? END
START what job title does dwayne hemp hold? END
START who is david leverock? END
START what began in 1827? END
START what events did bermuda compete in at the 2004 summer olympics? END
START what did katura horton-perinchief do? END
START what is the only medal bermuda has ever won? END
START what is the olympic tradition for bermuda, regardless of season? END
START what events did bermuda participate in during the 2004 winter olympics? END
START what did katura perinchief-horton do? END
START what event did bermuda participate in during the 2006 summer olympics? END
START who competed at the beijing olympics in 213? END
START what games did bermuda host in 2008? END
START who won the 2011 caribbean championships? END
START how many clubs are on the island? END
START who are the reigning league champions? END
START where are the women's games played? END
START what did the bermuda u/19 team win? END
START what country has a proud union rugby community? END
START who won the 2011 guyana championships? END
START who did bermuda 7's team defeat in 2010? END
START what are played at the academy of warwick? END
START who won the 1990 caribbean championships? END
START when did the southern and northern nigeria protectorates merge? END
START which empire ruled nigeria as a colony? END
START when did nigeria become independent from britain? END
START when did a nigerian civil war begin? END
START when did nigeria have a fair presidential election? END
START which country is called the 'giant of africa'? END
START how many people live in nigeria? END
START how does nigeria rank among the largest-population countries in the world? END
START how many languages are spoken by nigerians? END
START what is nigeria's official language? END
START what is nigeria's 2015 gdp? END
START what is nigeria's 2015 purchasing power parity? END
START when did nigeria's economy become larger than south africa's? END
START what is the largest economy in africa? END
START what is nigeria's debt-to-gdp ratio?  END
START when did boko haram become active in nigeria? END
START who is the president of nigeria? END
START how many people had boko haram killed by may 2014? END
START how many schoolgirls did boko haram kidnap? END
START what is nigeria named after? END
START who came up with the name nigeria in the 19th century? END
START what was nigeria's region called by the british before the name nigeria? END
START what language does the name of the niger river come from? END
START which river reaches timbuktu? END
START which tribe ran the city of nri? END
START when was nri taken over by the british? END
START igbo ukwu made the oldest bronze art using which process? END
START who ruled nri? END
START which clan is nri in the territory of? END
START what region has nigeria traded with for centuries? END
START which countries' explorers were the first europeans to trade with nigeria? END
START calabar is on which historical bight? END
START what is the current name of the bight of biafra? END
START who were the major slave traders through nigeria from the southwest? END
START when did britain outlaw slave trade? END
START after which war did britain establish its west africa squadron? END
START where did britain take slaves it seized from traders? END
START where did britain intervene in a power struggle? END
START which lagos king had supported the slave trade? END
START where was britain's claim to west africa recognized in 1885? END
START what company was led by sir george taubman goldie? END
START when did the british government take over the royal niger company's territory? END
START when did nigeria become a british protectorate? END
START which country did britain conquer in 1897? END
START what religion built western schools in nigeria? END
START britain discouraged building christian missions in which part of nigeria? END
START what religion was the majority in the northern part of nigeria? END
START when did nigeria receive independence? END
START when did northern nigeria ban slavery? END
START what was nigeria's status after independence from the uk? END
START which nigerian political party was mostly islamic? END
START which nigerian political party was mostly christian? END
START who led the ncnc party? END
START which nigerian political party was mostly yoruba? END
START in what year were there two military coups in nigeria? END
START which group led the first 1966 coup? END
START which prime minister was murdered in the igbo coup? END
START which northern premier was murdered in the igbo coup? END
START which western premier was murdered in the igbo coup? END
START what did eastern nigeria want to call itself as an independent nation? END
START when did eastern nigeria declare its independence? END
START who led eastern nigeria during the nigerian civil war? END
START how many months did the nigerian civil war last? END
START how many people died during the nigerian civil war? END
START which oil group did nigeria join? END
START who failed to use the oil revenues to invest in infrastructure? END
START overdependence on oil income led to the fall of what form of government in nigeria? END
START which nigerian leader transferred power in 1979? END
START which nigerian leader received power in 1979? END
START how did nigerians view the shagari administration? END
START who led a military coup against shagari? END
START when did another military coup overthrow buhari? END
START which nigerian leader decided nigeria would return to democracy in 1990? END
START what did babangida set up to help pay nigeria's national debt? END
START what was most of nigeria's federal income being spent on? END
START what controversial religious group did nigeria join? END
START to when did babangida delay the return to democracy? END
START when did nigeria finally hold a fair election? END
START who won the 1993 nigerian election? END
START babangida's reaction to the election results caused violent protests for how long? END
START who did babangida appoint as head of an interim government when he finally stepped down? END
START when did nigeria regain democracy? END
START who won the 1999 nigerian election? END
START nigeria was under military rule for how long? END
START how was the 1999 election regarded? END
START how was the 2003 election regarded? END
START who won the 2011 election? END
START how many votes did goodluck get in 2011? END
START what was the main opposition political party in 2011? END
START who was the cpc's 2011 candidate? END
START how many votes did buhari get? END
START what is nigeria's form of government? END
START what houses does the nigerian legislature have? END
START how many times can a nigerian president be elected? END
START who won the 2015 nigerian presidential election? END
START who lost the 2015 nigerian presidential election? END
START what are nigeria's 3 biggest ethnic groups? END
START when did nigeria get independence? END
START what major secession movement has nigeria had? END
START what major nationalist movement has nigeria had? END
START how many seats does the people's democratic party of nigeria have in the house? END
START how many seats does the people's democratic party of nigeria have in the senate? END
START how many seats does the  all progressives congress have in the house? END
START how many seats does the  all progressives congress have in the senate? END
START how many minor opposition parties does nigeria have? END
START what group did nigeria support against white governments in southern africa? END
START what group was nigeria a founding member of? END
START what is the organisation for african unity now known as? END
START nigeria is a 'standard-bearer' in what international group? END
START how many inches of rain does southern nigeria get each year? END
START what type of climate is southern nigeria? END
START what part of nigeria is the obudu plateau in? END
START what is nigeria's northernmost climate? END
START what does the cross river state area of nigeria have the world's largest variety of? END
START southern nigeria is turning from a forest to what type of environment? END
START what type of monkey is only found in parts of nigeria and cameroon? END
START what ecoregion is in nigeria near the cameroon border? END
START why is southern nigeria losing its forests? END
START what type of vegetation is in central nigeria? END
START how many inches of rain does central nigeria get each year? END
START how many subregions are there of nigeria's savannah zone? END
START how much rain does the sahel savannah area get per year? END
START which desert is encroaching into northeastern nigeria? END
START what is the largest nigerian city? END
START what type of groups have been failing to keep up with waste management in nigeria? END
START what nigerian community has the worst unsustainable waste management? END
START what territory is kubwa community in? END
START how many states does nigeria have? END
START what non-state area does nigeria have? END
START how many smaller areas are the nigerian states divided into? END
START what are the nigerian states' sub-divisions called? END
START how many geopolitical zones do people consider the nigerian states to be in? END
START where did nigeria's 2012 gdp rank? END
START which sub-saharan african nation does the most trade with the us? END
START how much of the us's oil comes from nigeria? END
START how much of the us's oil imports come from nigeria? END
START how much growth did the imf expect nigeria's economy to have in 2009? END
START when was the niger delta nembe creek oil field found? END
START what is the depth of the niger delta nembe creek oil field? END
START what type of geology is the niger delta nembe creek oil field? END
START how long have international oil companies been in nigeria? END
START how much money did overseas nigerians send home in 2004? END
START how much money did overseas nigerians send home in 2007? END
START which country has nigerians sending the most money home? END
START which country has nigerians sending the second-most money home? END
START which asian country has nigerians sending the most money home? END
START what is nigeria's local vehicle manufacturer? END
START what is nigeria's branded electronics manufacturer? END
START when did nigeria change its import policies to encourage local manufacturers? END
START what city is nigeria's main industrial area? END
START what city is nigeria's secondary industrial area? END
START when did nigeria launch its first satellite? END
START what was nigeria's first satellite called? END
START where did nigeria launch its first satellite? END
START how many satellites has the nigerian government commissioned? END
START what was nigeria's second satellite called? END
START who manufactured nigeria's second satellite? END
START where was nigeria's second satellite manufactured? END
START where is nigeria's second satellite's ground receiving station? END
START where was nigeria's second satellite launched? END
START what was nigeria's third satellite called? END
START when was nigeria's third satellite built? END
START when was nigeria's third satellite launched? END
START when did nigeria's third satellite run out of power? END
START where was nigeria's third satellite launched? END
START when was nigeria's fourth satellite launched? END
START where was nigeria's fourth satellite launched? END
START what paid for nigeria's fourth satellite? END
START what was nigeria's fourth satellite called? END
START what satellite did nigeria's fourth satellite replace? END
START what was nigeria's population in 2009? END
START how much of nigeria's population in 2009 was rural? END
START how much of nigeria's population in 2009 was urban? END
START what was nigeria's population density in 2009? END
START when did president goodluck jonathan advocate limiting childbirth? END
START what is the official language of nigeria? END
START how much of nigeria uses english as a first language? END
START what is the most popular language in nigeria? END
START what are the top 3 languages in nigeria? END
START what is nigerian pidgin english often called? END
START what regions is nigerian english commonly spoken in? END
START what type of region does a majority of nigerians live in? END
START what type of languages are the most popular in nigeria? END
START what are the most popular religions in nigeria? END
START what religions does nigeria have besides the top two? END
START how much of nigeria's population is muslim? END
START how much of nigeria's population is christian? END
START how much of nigeria's population is animist and other religions? END
START what type of islam is most common in nigeria? END
START what school of sunni islam is most common in nigeria? END
START what islamic law is being used in some nigerian states? END
START what nigerian state is trying to make sharia law part of its constitution? END
START in 2001, what percent of nigeria's population was muslim? END
START in 2001, what percent of nigeria's population was christian? END
START in 2001, what percent of nigeria's population followed local religions? END
START according to pew, in 2010, what percent of nigeria's population was muslim? END
START according to pew, in 2010, what percent of nigeria's population was christian? END
START how many nigerian christians are protestant? END
START how many nigerian christians are catholic? END
START how many nigerian christians are orthodox and other sects? END
START which nigerian tribe is 95% muslim? END
START which eastern nigerian tribe is 98% christian? END
START when did many newer churches start growing in nigeria? END
START what is the largest anglican church in nigeria? END
START what is the largest baptist church in nigeria? END
START when did the bamako initiative begin? END
START nigeria is adding what kind of costs to its healthcare system? END
START when did nigeria start reorganizing its healthcare system? END
START how much of nigeria has hiv as of 2012? END
START what is nigeria's life expectancy? END
START how much of the nigerian population has access to clean water? END
START what was nigeria's infant mortality rate as of 2010? END
START what was the last african country to still have significant polio problems? END
START when had nigeria not had a reported polio case in 6 months for the first time? END
START when did nigeria launch a bone marrow donation program? END
START which entity runs nigeria's bone marrow donation program? END
START nigeria was the second african country to perform which medical procedure? END
START what department runs nigeria's schools? END
START when did nigeria improve its tertiary education? END
START how much of nigeria's population can read? END
START how much of nigeria's male population can read? END
START how much of nigeria's female population can read? END
START what is nigeria's most popular organized-crime activity? END
START what drug does nigeria ship from asia to europe and america? END
START what drug does nigeria ship from south america to europe and south africa? END
START how many civilians were killed in lagos in aug 2000-may 2001? END
START how many police were killed in lagos in aug 2000-may 2001? END
START what law is the nigerian 419 scam nicknamed after? END
START what organization was created to combat the 419 scams? END
START when was the nigerian efcc created? END
START what type of scam is the 419 scam? END
START what type of entity is complicit in the 419 scams? END
START in 2011 rankings, how bad was nigeria's corruption ranking? END
START in 2014 rankings, how bad was nigeria's corruption ranking? END
START how much was embezzled from the nigerian government in 1960-1999? END
START the state oil company nnpc was initially thought to owe how much to the government? END
START in a corrected audit, the state oil company nnpc was found to only owe how much to the government? END
START when did the nigerian film industry begin? END
START which african country has the continent's largest movie industry? END
START which cities are nigeria's movie studios located in? END
START what is the nickname for nigeria's movie industry? END
START where does nigeria's movie industry rank worldwide? END
START which years did nigeria win the african cup of nations? END
START when did nigeria win a summer olympics gold medal? END
START what did nigeria win a summer olympics gold medal for? END
START what country did nigeria beat to win a summer olympics gold medal? END
START what is nigeria's national football team called? END
START nwankwo kanu won what honor twice? END
START nwankwo kanu won in what championship league? END
START what team did nwankwo kanu go on to play on? END
START how are nigerian prisoners mistreated? END
START what are the conditions like in nigerian prisons? END
START how are children mistreated in nigeria? END
START what types of discrimination are common in nigeria? END
