START along with pop, soul, rhythm and blues, quiet storm, and rock, what musical style influenced adult contemporary? END
START what was the prevailing style of adult contemporary music in the 1970s? END
START what type of adult contemporary music was popular in the 1960s? END
START what does the acronym ac stand for? END
START along with easy listening, adult contemporary is a modern day continuation of what style of music? END
START along with harmonies, what aspect of music is emphasized in adult contemporary? END
START what is the typical structure of an adult contemporary song? END
START with what broader style of music does adult contemporary share its structure? END
START along with being pleasurable, what trait makes adult contemporary appropriate for background music? END
START what type of song is frequently seen in the adult contemporary genre? END
START along with synthesizers, what electronic instruments sometimes appear in modern adult contemporary? END
START what general type of instruments tend to be used in adult contemporary? END
START what electric instrument is often seen in adult contemporary? END
START along with being faint, what characteristic is usually present in electric guitars used in adult contemporary? END
START what age group does adult contemporary radio typically focus on? END
START along with teen pop, dance and hard rock, what form of music is typically not heard on ac radio? END
START when did advertisers begin to focus on the adult contemporary age demographic? END
START what type of music are ac stations noted as playing less of versus hits of the past? END
START what is lite ac otherwise known as? END
START what is christian ac a subgenre of? END
START along with hot, soft, urban and christian ac, what is another prominent time of adult contemporary music? END
START from what decade of easy listening radio does adult contemporary trace its heritage? END
START generally speaking, what percentage of music on easy listening stations was instrumental? END
START on what date was the billboard easy listening chart first published? END
START how many songs were on the first billboard easy listening chart? END
START who performed the first #1 on the easy listening chart? END
START along with frank sinatra, doris day, johnny mathis, nat king cole, and perry como, who was a prominent early adult contemporary radio artist? END
START what type of covers of pop and rock songs were usually played on adult contemporary? END
START what songs from the 1940s and 1950s would adult contemporary stations play? END
START what chart did the easy listening chart begin to diverge from? END
START in what year did the easy listening and hot 100 charts begin to diverge? END
START along with roger miller and barbra streisand, who was a successful easy listening artist in this era? END
START why did the crossover between hot 100 and easy listening decrease? END
START during what decade did rock and roll music first rise to popularity? END
START what does the acronym mor stand for? END
START along with pre-rock standards, what type of older songs did mor stations play? END
START what was another term for easy listening stations? END
START easy listening was predominately what type of music? END
START what types of tracks from popular artists did adult contemporary radio play? END
START what type of format were adult contemporary and easy listening stations meant to share? END
START as of what year was hard rock a mainstream type of music? END
START along with soft rock, what type of music made up mainstream rock music in the late 1960s? END
START what type of instruments were prominent in soft rock?  END
START what genre of music was soft rock descended from? END
START along with barbra streisand, carole king, cat stevens and bread, who was a prominent soft rock artist of this era? END
START at the end of what decade did the hot 100 and easy listening charts begin to converge? END
START during the middle and early parts of what decade did the similarity of easy listening and hot 100 increase? END
START how did top 40 radio what ifmusic change during this era? END
START with elton john and the eagles, what was a prominent adult contemporary artist in this period? END
START during what period was adult contemporary its most commercially successful? END
START what artist released the best selling album of the 1970s? END
START in what year was the best selling album of the 1970s released? END
START what radio stationed owned by nbc played only soft rock? END
START who was a prominent figure at nbc's radio division? END
START what genre of music was was listening to by a different demographic than hard rock? END
START in what decade did genres begin to diverge on the basis of demographic groups? END
START along with linda ronstadt, elton john, rod stewart and elvis presley, what rock musician sometimes had songs featured on adult contemporary radio? END
START during what period were artists like anne murray and barbra streisand featured on top 40 radio? END
START along with rock and roll, what genre of music was sometimes featured on easy listening radio? END
START what genre of music was surprisingly successful on adult contemporary radio? END
START what type of musicians were artists such as diana ross, james taylor, carly simon, carole king and janis ian? END
START when did the adult contemporary chart receive its current name? END
START what was the adult contemporary chart previously known as? END
START along with rap/hip-hop, what genre of music were aging listeners not as interested in? END
START during what decade did adult contemporary become a very popular format for radio? END
START along with richard marx, bonnie tyler, george michael, phil collins, and laura branigan, what artist was also frequently played on contemporary hit radio stations? END
START what television station was responsible for the increasing success of contemporary hit radio artists on the ac charts? END
START along with barbra streisand, the carpenters, dionne warwick, barry manilow and olivia newton-john, what adult contemporary staple found it more difficult to score chart hits in the 1980s? END
START who did allmusic refer to as "one of the most successful pop and adult contemporary singers of the '80s and beyond"? END
START in the 1970s, what two genres were not particularly successful on the adult contemporary charts? END
START what genres, featured on the chr radio format, were rarely found on adult contemporary radio? END
START during what decade did hip-hop begin to be featured on the radio? END
START along with electronic pop, what type of music was the most successful in the 1980s? END
START what genre did the music of billy ocean belong to? END
START what was the longest that a song spent at #1 on the adult contemporary charts in the 1980s? END
START in what year did lionel richie record "you are"? END
START aside from the adult contemporary chart, on what other chart did lionel richie's "hello" reach the top spot? END
START what artist issued the album known as "the first true adult contemporary album of the decade"? END
START in what year was the album cry like a rainstorm, howl like the wind released? END
START what male singer featured on several songs from cry like a rainstorm, howl like the wind? END
START what certification did cry like a rainstorm, howl like the wind receive? END
START along with "don't know much," what single won a grammy? END
START what decade saw the emergence of alternative rock? END
START what happened to urban r&b in the early 1990s? END
START the resurgence of traditional pop was one of the factors that led to what change in the music market? END
START mainstream artists from what decade generally did not have success on the adult contemporary charts? END
START along with all-4-one, boyz ii men, rob thomas, christina aguilera and backstreet boys, what 90s artists were notable in the pop/r&b genre? END
START what genre of music did lynda thomas, ricky martin, selena, marc anthony, enrique iglesias and luis miguel make? END
START what milestone did celine dion, mariah carey, phil collins, michael bolton, whitney houston and shania twain share on the 1990s adult contemporary charts? END
START along with sarah mclachlan, natalie merchant, melissa etheridge and sheryl crow, what female singer-songwriter had chart success in the 1990s? END
START on what chart did whitney houston see success? END
START what was the name of the chart created by billboard in 1996? END
START adult top 40 represented a midpoint between what two radio formats? END
START what chart is the adult top 40 chart sometimes confused with? END
START what radio programming genre is sometimes confused with the hot adult contemporary tracks chart? END
START who invented the term "urban adult contemporary format"? END
START what demographic group is the urban adult contemporary format marketed to? END
START what style of singing is absent from r&b played on urban adult contemporary format stations? END
START along with r&b, gospel and dance music, what type of music is represented on urban adult contemporary stations? END
START urban adult contemporary music came into being because of pressure on what previously existing format? END
START who performed the song "unbreak my heart"? END
START what is the name of a notable dance artist along with c&c music factory and black box? END
START what radio station format plays soft ac, hot ac, disco and dance? END
START what artist notably remixed "unbreak my heart"? END
START what radio station format was sometimes regarded as a type of adult contemporary? END
START what type of music was predominantly played on smooth jazz stations? END
START along with kenny g and dave koz, what artist was featured on smooth jazz stations? END
START what other format of station were smooth jazz artists sometimes featured on? END
START what is adrian moreira's job title? END
START for what company does adrian moreira work? END
START who wrote, "in other words, ac stations are where pop songs go to die a very long death. or, to optimists, to get a second life"? END
START where was corey moss' article published? END
START when do adult contemporary stations begin to play top 40 songs? END
START who have hot ac format radio stations had to change the music they play? END
START by what two genres are modern pop songs heavily influenced? END
START why is new rock not suitable for mainstream radio? END
START what was the name of dj sammy's mix of "heaven"? END
START who recorded the song "listen to your heart"? END
START who is known for the song "everytime we touch"? END
START what artist performed the song "forget you"? END
START what version of p!nk's "perfect" appeared on adult contemporary radio in 2011? END
START along with josh groban, what notable pop artist started out his career on adult contemporary radio? END
START what sort of sound does the music of susan boyle have? END
START along with faith hill, shania twain and leann rimes, what country artist has had adult contemporary hits? END
START what genre of music has soft ac found common ground with?  END
START what genre of music are bands like feist and wilco? END
START along with mumford & sons, of monsters & men, ed sheeran and the lumineers, what indie artist has had adult contemporary success? END
START in what decade did indie musicians first began getting attention from the adult contemporary audience? END
START along with the recession, what broad economic trend marked the decline of adult contemporary radio stations? END
START along with chr, top 40 and latino, what format have former ac stations transitioned to? END
START what ac format is still viable? END
START declining sales of what items harmed the adult contemporary genre? END
START generally speaking, what is the earliest decade represented by the "oldies" on soft ac stations? END
START along with r&b, pop and rock, what genre of music is represented on modern soft ac stations? END
START what genre of music do new songs on soft ac stations often belong to? END
START during what period did soft ac stations attempt to reinvent themselves? END
START what radio format was described as being "the acoustic equivalent to prozac"? END
START what decade saw the birth of the soft adult contemporary format? END
START what radio station introduced the term "soft rock"? END
START where was the station that introduced the term "soft rock" based? END
START what processed meat, featured in weei-fm's ad slogan, rhymes with joni? END
START in what country is soft adult contemporary called "ez rock"? END
START along with mor, easy listening and soft rock, what format is soft adult contemporary a successor to? END
START what occupation is stereotypical held by soft adult contemporary listeners? END
START what advertising demographic is soft adult contemporary marketed towards? END
START what station first introduced the tagline "everyone at work can agree on"? END
START along with romantic and sexual relationships, family and work, what do soft adult contemporary songs sometimes discuss? END
START music from what two decades is notably featured on the soft ac format? END
START along with classic r&b, what genre is notably featured on soft ac stations? END
START what radio station format is soft ac often contrasted with? END
START what radio station formats faced demographic pressures in the 1960s and 70s? END
START what radio station format is facing demographic pressures in the present day? END
START what radio station format have many of the former soft ac artists moved to? END
START certain soft ac stations have found a niche on the radio by doing what? END
START why are adult standards format radio stations declining? END
START along with andy williams, johnny mathis, nana mouskouri, celine dion, julio iglesias, barry manilow, engelbert humperdinck, and marc anthony, what notable artist is featured on the soft ac format? END
START along with classic hits, what type of music do hot adult contemporary stations feature? END
START what is the primary audience of hot adult contemporary format stations? END
START what demographic do hot ac stations featuring more pop and alternative rock focus on? END
START along with urban and rhythmic dance tracks, what genre is featured on hot ac stations with a younger audience? END
START madonna, cher, gloria estefan and kylie minogue are artists in what genre of music? END
START what type of band are backstreet boys and westlife? END
START what genre of music is played by westlife? END
START what genre of music is played by the eagles? END
START what is the target age range of hot ac stations? END
START what station did mike marino work for in 1997? END
START where was the radio station kmxb based in 1997? END
START what age demographic is modern rock radio focused on? END
START what is the sex of the listeners modern rock radio is geared towards? END
START unlike modern rock radio, what sex is adult contemporary radio said to appeal to? END
START what age group is urban ac focused towards? END
START what race is the target demographic of urban ac radio? END
START who is an example of an artist played on urban ac format radio stations? END
START what is the name of the popular album released by des'ree? END
START what is the ethnicity of artists commonly played on urban adult contemporary radio? END
START what other adult contemporary radio format is urban ac similar to? END
START what genre of music is not played frequently on urban ac? END
START what two genres of music are popular on urban ac? END
START along with trey songz, patti labelle, toni braxton, whitney houston, aretha franklin, frank ocean, craig david and mariah carey, who is a well-known urban ac artist? END
START what adult contemporary radio format is urban ac not similar to? END
START what radio format is similar to urban ac but features older soul and r&b songs? END
START what is the earliest decade of music typically featured on the rhythmic oldies format? END
START what is the most recent decade music from which music can be heard on a rhythmic oldies station? END
START what is the target demographic of the rhythmic oldies format? END
START what radio format consists of ballads and slow jams? END
START what is the name of the radio format that is a mixture of urban and soft adult contemporary? END
START at what time of day is the quiet storm format played? END
START what is the typical ethnicity of artists played on quiet storm stations? END
START along with freddie jackson, johnny gill, teena marie, lalah hathaway, toni braxton, and en vogue, what artist is popular on quiet storm stations? END
START along with urban adult contemporary and smooth jazz, what station format might feature music from sade? END
START what other format is sometimes played on urban ac stations? END
START when might you hear smooth jazz on a soft ac station? END
START what is a more recent name for the smooth jazz format? END
START what was the smooth jazz format renamed? END
START along with soft ac, on what station format might adult contemporary r&b be featured? END
START what features are emphasized in adult contemporary r&b music? END
START along with smooth soul and quiet storm, what genre influenced adult contemporary r&b? END
START during what decade was smooth soul popular? END
START along with drum machines and synthesizers, what electronic instruments are often found in modern r&b-based music? END
START what genre of music did patti austin perform? END
START of what genre was the musician keith sweat? END
START during what decade were musicians like al jarreau and luther vandross notably successful? END
START what type of songs was leona lewis known for? END
START who wrote boyz ii men's i'll make love to you? END
START what is ccm an acronym of? END
START what genre of music is performed by mercyme? END
START what publication includes christian ac with its format charts? END
START along with mainstream ac, what format has also featured christian ac artists on a crossover basis? END
START what ac format is especially known for playing christmas music in the christmas season? END
START during what two months does the christmas season take place? END
START along with bing crosby, dean martin, nat king cole, the carpenters, percy faith and andy williams, who is an artist played on ac stations around christmastime but not otherwise? END
START when does christmas music on ac format stations usually begin? END
START when is the earlier of the two times that christmas music on adult contemporary stations typically ends? END
START when is the later of the two times that christmas music on adult contemporary stations usually ends? END
START when is the earliest an ac station will switch to a christmas format? END
START what two formats pioneered the christmas music tradition in the 1960s? END
START what term is used interchangeably with daylight saving time? END
START what period of time do we set our clocks forward in dst? END
START what do we get an extra hour of because we set the clocks forward? END
START in what season do regions who practice dst set the clocks back one hour? END
START by setting the clocks forward, the normal time of what daily event is disrupted? END
START who first suggested daylight saving? END
START from what country did george hudson hail? END
START in what year was modern daylight saving first proposed? END
START besides austria-hungary, what country first put dst into effect? END
START what used to be the main draw on electricity? END
START what industry having to do with shopping benefits from dst? END
START in addition to entertainment events that take place after working hours, what profession might suffer because of dst? END
START research on dst is uncertain because we aren't sure how it affects the use of what? END
START what can be affected by dst that might disrupt plans for a vacation? END
START when the clock on your laptop adjusts to dst without you resetting the clock, what is controlling the change? END
START what do jurisdictions sometimes change that mixes up dst dates and times? END
START what important part of daily life might be disturbed because of dst changing what time you go to bed? END
START what kind of societies usually follow a regular daily schedule year-round? END
START what kind of societies rely on solar time and daylight that changes with the seasons? END
START in what part of the world is daytime shorter in winter and longer in summer? END
START what is the tilt of the earth that causes solar time to change called? END
START how much earlier do people's routines happen because of daylight savings? END
START in which season is the policy of setting clocks ahead least practical? END
START does setting the clocks ahead add an hour of daylight before or after the normal workday? END
START what is the schedule of time called when it is not daylight savings time? END
START what two sources of energy use do dst proponents say are reduced by the time change? END
START what word describes the approximate rates at which sunset and sunrise change with the seasons? END
START do those who favor dst say people would rather have an extra hour of daylight before or after their usual workday? END
START is it the supporters or opponents of daylight saving time who say it significantly reduces energy use? END
START what latitudes see more extreme changes in the length of their days and nights throughout the year? END
START what region of the earth sees little change in daylight from season to season? END
START how much impact does the times of daylight and night have on areas like iceland or alaska? END
START would observing daylight saving time have a small or large effect on how light it is during the workday in areas at high latitudes? END
START as compared to areas with lower latitudes, what kind of change do areas with high latitudes see in the length of day through the seasons? END
START what kind of clocks did the romans use? END
START what did the romans call the third hour before sunrise? END
START during the summer solstice, for how many minutes did hora tertia last for the romans? END
START what type of religious ceremonies are still observed according to the traditional, unequal time settings? END
START who first published the proverb about waking up early and going to bed early to be "healthy, wealthy, and wise"? END
START which group of people did franklin say would save candles by waking up earlier? END
START in what year did ben franklin write a satire suggesting firing cannons at sunrise to wake people up? END
START what kind of transportation network helped encourage keeping more exact schedules? END
START in addition to cannon fire, what did franklin suggest to act as parisians' alarm clock? END
START what particular kind of scientist was george hudson? END
START what did george hudson spend time collecting when he wasn't working? END
START what year did hudson first present his two-hour daylight saving theory to the wellington philosophical society? END
START some people believe it wasn't hudson who created dst, but an englishman by what name? END
START who was the member of parliament who brought a bill about daylight saving time to the house of commons in 1908? END
START what year did germany decide to try dst? END
START what is the german word for daylight saving time? END
START what natural resource were germany and austria-hungary trying to conserve by using dst? END
START what year did the united states get on board with dst? END
START what event in the 1970s led more regions of north america to use dst? END
START what country joined canada, the uk, and ireland in continuing to observe daylight saving time after the war? END
START daylight saving time was used commonly during what war? END
START along with north america, what continent was affected heavily by the 1970s energy crisis? END
START has the world seen many or few changes in the observation of dst? END
START countries might change their dst policy by enactments, adjustments, and what other type of policy changes? END
START at what local time does the united states change the time? END
START technically, how many hours does the day the time change happens have in the spring? END
START in the fall, dst means one hour is repeated, which means the day is actually how many hours long? END
START at the time change to dst, what will a digital clock read just after 01:59:59.9? END
START daylight saving time is sometimes called summer time, but the clocks are actually moved forward in which season? END
START during what part of the week is the time change most often scheduled? END
START what do we avoid disrupting by doing the time shift during days most people don't work? END
START which time zone in europe always has a one-hour lead on central european time? END
START for one hour each spring, how far ahead of pacific time is mountain time in the united states? END
START in 2008, what month and day did western australia change their clocks? END
START at dst in the fall, how long does it stay the same time in both pacific and mountain time in the united states? END
START in addition to much of the state of arizona, what u.s. state does not ever change their clocks for dst? END
START what year did the european union standardize their summer time? END
START european summer time begins in march and ends in what month? END
START what act in the u.s. brought about the 2007 change in dst policy? END
START what government body is allowed to change the dst policy in the united states back to the dates observed from 1987 to 2006? END
START supporters of the november end to dst name what u.s. holiday as the justification for keeping the change through the end of october? END
START in the southern hemisphere, what aspect of dst is about the reverse of that of the northern hemisphere? END
START at what local time does chile change their clocks for dst? END
START what day of the week does dst begin and end in chile? END
START in the northern hemisphere's summer, what is the time difference between the uk and chile? END
START during what season in the southern hemisphere is there a three-hour time difference between mainland chile and the united kingdom? END
START which part of brazil observes daylight saving time? END
START what part of brazil does not observe dst? END
START which two continents that comprise a majority of the population worldwide don't observe dst? END
START the lack of fluctuation in time for what daily event means regions of the world near the equator don't usually keep dst? END
START what leader said daylight saving gives people more "opportunities for the pursuit of health and happiness"? END
START what nickname have people in opposition to dst given it? END
START in addition to the evening entertainment industry, people from what industry often oppose daylight saving? END
START traditionally, retailing, tourism, and what other industry have been in favor of dst? END
START along with energy crisis, what other significant historical event led to countries adopting dst? END
START which political supporter of willett's proposal had already used the half-hour version of dst at sandringham? END
START what was the name of the director of the meteorological office who opposed dst? END
START what year did parliament first take a vote and decide against implementing daylight savings? END
START who was responsible for bringing a bill proposing dst to the u.s. house of representatives? END
START what industrialist from pittsburgh campaigned strongly in favor of dst? END
START what year did the u.s. go to war, leading to wider acceptance of daylight savings? END
START what year did the united states finally adopt daylight saving time? END
START which country continued to observe dst nationwide despite the fact that the war had ended? END
START what spring holiday did britain adjust its dst schedule around? END
START after what year was daylight savings repealed in the u.s.? END
START what sport did president wilson enjoy that made him not want to give up dst? END
START what u.s. city kept observing dst to stay in sync with london, leading chicago and cleveland to follow along? END
START what month and year were two neighboring cities in minnesota on different time schedules? END
START what state supported dst because it wanted to sell more potatoes? END
START what company joined clorox in funding the daylight saving time coalition in the 1980s? END
START what year was the extension to u.s. daylight savings proposed by the dst coalition? END
START what year did the u.s. see standardization of dst outside of wartime for the first time? END
START what percentage of queensland voted against the daylight saving referendum in 1992? END
START what was the name of queensland's political party set up solely to support their particular dst arrangement? END
START in australia, were rural or urban areas generally more strongly opposed to dst? END
START what member of queensland parliament was responsible for finally bringing the dst for south east queensland referendum to a vote? END
START what was the name of the organization that supported adding an additional hour to their clocks all year? END
START joining farmers, what other kind of workers opposed sdst? END
START what regions of the united kingdom were generally against sdst? END
START what do muslims call the month when they fast between sunup and sundown? END
START what would dst delay if observed during the muslim holy month? END
START what muslim country continues to observe dst during ramadan? END
START when was ramadan in 2012? END
START what year did russia decide to never turn its clocks back? END
START what country other than russia declared they'd stay in dst all year? END
START was russia or belarus first in their declaration? END
START which season's dark mornings led to people complaining about the switch from dst? END
START what year did russia give up on the all-year dst and go back to standard time? END
START which group is more likely to support dst: urban workers or rural farmers? END
START if people have more daylight in the evenings, what season might see a rise in outdoor activity? END
START would those in favor of dst argue that it causes people to use more electricity or saves energy? END
START what major health risk do people who oppose dst say it increases? END
START what profession is more likely to want to repeal dst: farmers or shopkeepers? END
START what adjective would those against dst use to describe the energy savings touted by supporters? END
START what time of day do opponents of daylight savings believe is disrupted the most by the time shift? END
START most people agree that a standardized schedule by dst is more practical than trying to do what in the morning on our own? END
START what electronic device might people work their schedules around instead of paying close attention to dst? END
START during what season is dst usually not observed because of the detriments of dark mornings? END
START what indirect benefit of dst might cause some areas to observe it even though they don't get any direct benefits like cost or energy savings? END
START what percentage of all electricity usage in the u.s. and canada is from residential lighting? END
START dst will reduce electricity use in the evening but increase it during what time of the day? END
START when dst was first proposed, what type of lighting was consuming the most electricity? END
START along with geography and economics, what variable often affects how much electricity an area uses? END
START whose satire that was published in 1784 pointed out that daylight saving would only reduce electricity usage if the increase in the mornings was less than the savings in the evenings? END
START have studies shown dst generally increases or reduces gas consumption from cars? END
START what year was the doe report about fuel consumption published? END
START what happened regarding dst in 2007 in the united states that probably led to the doe investigation? END
START what category of goods that are used in outdoor activities benefit from the extra hour of daylight from dst? END
START what organization predicted a $100 million increase for the golf sector because of extended dst? END
START what year did fortune magazine make predictions about the increased revenue an extended daylight savings would provide? END
START according to a study in 1999, daylight savings has caused what approximate percentage of increase in leisure industry revenue in the european union? END
START how much extra money from dst did fortune predict for 7-eleven on account of dst? END
START is it better to harvest grain before or after the morning dew evaporates? END
START what animal on dairy farms is affected by timing? END
START what does earlier milk delivery do to cows? END
START some farmers oppose dst because their farm laborers arrive to work and leave later or earlier? END
START besides farmers, what other group of people set their schedules by the sun? END
START what year did a change in dst policy cost north america somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion in extra work? END
START who is the economist who said there was about $1.7 billion in lost opportunity costs because of the 2007 changes? END
START what have some people argued correlates with time shifts from daylight savings? END
START what do some call the effect that they say caused a one-day loss for stock exchanges of approximately $31 billion in the year 2000? END
START what factor determines the numbers people reach for estimates when studying dst? END
START in what year did the nbs revisit the dot's 1975 study and find traffic fatalities unaffected? END
START what organization made their own estimation in 1995 of a drop in traffic deaths by 1.2%? END
START what's the abbreviation for single/double summer time? END
START in the two weeks following the time change ending british summer time, what percentage hike is there in traffic accidents? END
START how much less, on average, do workers in the u.s. sleep on mondays after switching to dst, according to the 2009 study? END
START what did the leaa say was reduced 10% to 13% in washington, dc during daylight savings? END
START how many cities did the leaa study before reaching their conclusion? END
START how many cities of those the leaa studied showed any reduction in crime? END
START in what decade did the leaa conduct their investigation of crime and dst? END
START there are more fires in the fall and winter because people burn more candles and turn what on to keep warm? END
START in addition to smoke detectors, what do fire safety officials suggest people replace batteries in when they set their clocks twice a year? END
START if your area doesn't observe dst, what can you use instead as a twice-yearly reminder? END
START what part of your vehicle should you remember to check twice a year? END
START what should you check storage spaces in your home for twice-yearly? END
START what do societies with standardized work schedules have more time for because of the increase in afternoon daylight from dst? END
START what vitamin does sunlight help the human body absorb? END
START what chair of the retinitis pigmentosa foundation fighting blindness lobbied for an extension to daylight savings in the u.s.? END
START what cancer can be caused by too much time in the sun? END
START some people say dst can help sufferers of depression because it encourages them to do what? END
START what natural rhythm is disrupted by seasonal changes? END
START in 2005, what country used increased health risks as rationalization for getting rid of dst? END
START which russian president argued that the country should stay in dst year-round because of the stresses of time shifts? END
START according to the swedish study in 2008, for how many weekdays following the "spring forward" do you have a higher risk of heart attack? END
START do emissions from vehicle exhaust cause lower or higher pollution before dawn? END
START does dst mean more rush hour traffic is on the road before dawn or after? END
START what kind of pollution is caused by emissions from cars while they're sitting in traffic? END
START during the fall time shift from 02:00 to 01:00, how many times will a clock show the times between 01:00:00 and 01:59:59? END
START what might a clock showing the same times twice in one day lead to? END
START what do people often have trouble remembering to do for dst? END
START what added complexity do people working across time zones have to keep track of? END
START what year did an accident occur at a german facility with molten steel because of the change to dst? END
START for how much more time was the molten steel supposed to cool when the computer mix-up happened in the german steel facility? END
START who is responsible for testing and even making changing to computer programs when daylight saving rules change? END
START what time system do some computer systems use to avoid the issues of changes in local time? END
START what type of computer systems use an internal clock based on utc time? END
START willett's first suggestion was to change clocks by 20 minutes how often? END
START what drawback would changing clocks gradually add to the process? END
START what could be avoided by changing clocks more gradually more often? END
START what does dst inherit from standard time? END
START does daylight savings sometimes minimize or magnify the drawbacks of standard time? END
START usually, it's recommended that we avoid the sun for how many hours before and after noon? END
START what kind of guidelines become less precise because of dst? END
START when using a sundial, we must adjust the reading to reflect natural discrepancies and the effect of what other influence? END
START what author is credited with explaining the usage of daylight saving time and daylight savings time with an "s" in the english journal of the (american) national council of teachers of english? END
START in 1978, according to meade, which form of the phrase was more commonly used: daylight saving time or daylight savings time? END
START which form of the phrase is more common in print publications? END
START joining merriam-webster's and the oxford dictionary, the older form of the phrase without the "s" is still listed first in what dictionary? END
START along with "daylight saving" and "daylight savings," what alternate form does merriam-webster's include? END
START which term did willett use in his 1907 proposal to refer to dst? END
START what phrase had replaced daylight saving time by 1911 as willett's proposal evolved into draft legislation? END
START what word do speakers of dutch use for dst? END
START what term do italians use for dst that literally translates as "legal time"? END
START what does the italian term for their winter time, ora solare, translate to in english? END
START what usually changes when a place observes dst? END
START what word does american english swap out for "daylight" when referring to time zones? END
START in american english, what is the equivalent of pacific standard time? END
START when the uk changes their clocks forward in the spring, what do they call the time they're then observing? END
START what word is often added to the names of time zones when used in british english? END
START what phrase is often used in north america when speaking about dst? END
START what is a language like "spring forward, fall back" that acts as a trigger for memory called? END
START what does "spring forward, fall back" help people remember? END
START what can cause issues with installed computer systems? END
START what year did dst rules change in north america? END
START what did many existing computer systems that relied on time zones need because of the dst rule changes? END
START in addition to calendaring programs, what kind of programs were most impacted by the changes? END
START which professionals bore the brunt of the effort to upgrade systems affected by time changes? END
START what system of time do some applications use so they won't have problems with time changes? END
START by using utc, applications get out of adjusting to changes around clock shifts and what other factor? END
START in addition to individual applications, what modern systems that control the basic functions of a computer typically use utc? END
START where do computers usually use utc? END
START what time would a computer probably use for the clock display? END
START where do most systems go to get the data they use to calculate local time? END
START what two specific points of data do systems need to figure out to get local time? END
START what's another name for the iana database? END
START the iana database works by connecting names to what information about the location? END
START iana, or zoneinfo, updates are installed as a part of what ordinary function when changes to dst policy are made? END
START what environment variable defines a location's name? END
START what format is used to store internal time in systems that use zoneinfo? END
START what's the name of the hp database that's similar to iana but not compatible with it? END
START less sophisticated systems might just support a tz value with one start rule and how many end rules? END
START when must tz values be changed on an older system? END
START what does the tz value est5edt,m3.2.0/02:00,m11.1.0/02:00 specify? END
START what years will a new tz value apply to? END
START what's might a new tz value mishandle when it changes with new dst rules? END
START similar to systems using zoneinfo, microsoft windows calculates dst by doing what? END
START when does the table of rule sets the windows operating system uses have to be updated? END
START if your computer runs vista, what's the maximum number of start and end rules you can have for each time zone setting? END
START if located in canada somewhere where dst is observed, a system running vista might mishandle time stamps that are older than what year? END
START on a system running windows older than vista, locations in canada observing dst would only reliably support time stamps from after what year? END
START what single year did windows 95 use to apply rules to israel's time changes? END
START because the schedule in israel was always changing, what did microsoft do with the release of windows 98? END
START how often would israeli users running windows 98 need to manually adjust the time on their machines to stay current? END
START what law regulated the rules for time shifts in israel according to the jewish calendar? END
START although the schedule in israel became predictable after 2005, there were still problems in windows until israel adjusted dst to what calendar in 2013? END
START what does microsoft windows use internally for its real-time clock? END
START not using utc, windows can't multi boot with different versions of itself like you'd need to do to use what kind of disk? END
START as opposed to providing support for users to have unique time zone settings, windows will only allow for what? END
START in what year did microsoft imply that they would be making changes to support realtimeisuniversal in a step towards compatibility with utc? END
START since 2008, at least how many times has microsoft released fixes for the realtimeisuniversal feature? END
START what file system do recent windows versions use? END
START under ntfs, what does windows use for file time stamps in storage? END
START what file system do most removable devices use? END
START what time will a file be set to if it's copied from the hard disk onto other media? END
START what phrase describes keeping adjusted summer hours year-round? END
START proponents of permanent dst say it has all the advantages of regular dst without the issues some people have from what bi-annual occurrences? END
START in year-round dst, would sunrise happen early or late compared to most places? END
START during what time period did russia use permanent dst? END
START in what season in areas observing permanent daylight saving time will it stay dark the latest in the morning? END
START in which direction do countries like russia and argentina shift their time zones that could be considered all-year dst? END
START about how many minutes does saskatoon, saskatchewan stay ahead of mean solar time? END
START what time does saskatoon observe all year long? END
START places like northeast india that shift time zones to the east could be considered to be observing what kind of dst? END
START what year did ireland and the uk give up on their permanent dst experiment? END
START places like spain and parts of france effectively go by dst in the winter but add what in the summer? END
START during the summer in nome, about how many hours ahead of the sun do they set their clocks? END
START what term was used in britain for double daylight saving time? END
START what's a third name for double daylight saving time or double summer time used in europe? END
START what does riba stand for? END
START what is the goal of riba? END
START when was riba founded? END
START when was riba's founding document expanded? END
START in what country does riba mainly operate? END
START what does riba stand against? END
START what is the enemy of riba? END
START when was riba lost? END
START when was riba's founding document decreased? END
START what was riba's first name? END
START in what year was the institute of british architects founded? END
START in what city was the institute of british architects located? END
START in terms of profession, what were people like philip hardwick, william adams nicholson and thomas de grey? END
START what was riba's banned name? END
START what city was the institute of british architects moved to? END
START what year was the institute of british architects removed? END
START what profession did people like philip hardwick, william adams nicholson and thomas de grey avoid? END
START what caused the change of the institute's name? END
START what was removed from the royal institute's name? END
START when was the mention of london removed from the royal institute's name? END
START where is the royal institute of british architects located? END
START who opened the structure in which the royal institute is currently housed? END
START what caused the institute's name to not change? END
START what was added to the royal institute's name? END
START when was the mention of london included in the royal institute's name? END
START who opened the structure in which the royal institute is formerly housed? END
START when did the royal institute receive its charter? END
START who was responsible for giving the charter to the royal institute? END
START in what years was the royal institute issued supplemental charters? END
START when were the various supplemental charters consolidated? END
START what term characterizes the nature of changes to the charter after 1971? END
START when did the royal institute lose its charter? END
START who was responsible for taking the charter from the royal institute? END
START what years was the royal institute issued no supplemental charters? END
START when were the various supplemental charters increased? END
START what term characterizes the nature of changes to the charter before 1971? END
START what was the central aim of the royal institute? END
START what document set forth the goals of the royal institute? END
START what was the royal institute responsible for doing with regards to the development of knowledge related to architecture? END
START what was the secondary aim of the royal institute? END
START what document set forth the restrictions of the royal institute? END
START what was the royal institute not responsible for doing with regards to the development of knowledge related to architecture? END
START which charter was not used in 1837? END
START what sets forth the standards by which the royal institute functions? END
START what guidelines for the royal institute are updated most often? END
START what is necessary to make any changes to either document which governs the operations of the royal institute? END
START what removed the standards by which the royal institute functions? END
START what guidelines for the royal institute are updated least often? END
START what is never necessary to make any changes to either document which governs the operations of the royal institute? END
START what is updated more than the byelaws? END
START what was the first latin phrase used by the royal institute? END
START who is responsible for the use of 'usui civium decori urbium'? END
START what was donaldson's role within the royal institute? END
START who reworked the royal institute's medal desgin in 1931? END
START when did joan hassall redesign the royal institute's medal? END
START what was the last latin phrase used by the royal institute? END
START who is not responsible for the use of 'usui civium decori urbium'? END
START what was donaldson's role outside the royal institute? END
START who left the royal institute's medal design unchanged in 1931? END
START when did joan hassall acquire the royal institute's medal? END
START what organization was the royal institute instrumental in establishing? END
START which items of legislation did the royal institute play a large role in promoting? END
START where did lional bailey budden teach? END
START what major compendium did budden help write an article for? END
START how many schools formed the board of architectural education? END
START what organization was the royal institute unsuccessful in establishing? END
START which items of legislation did the royal institute play a small role in promoting? END
START where did lional bailey budden study? END
START what minor compendium did budden help read an article for? END
START how many schools did not form the board of architectural education? END
START when did the royal institute celebrate its 100th anniversary? END
START who was the head of the registration committee in 1934? END
START in 1934, what percentage of architects were members of professional organizations? END
START who did barnes believe was best able to advance the interests of architects? END
START what specific institution did barnes indicate could not be a rival of the royal institute? END
START when did the royal institute celebrate its 200th anniversary? END
START who was the head of the registration committee after 1934? END
START what did barnes believe was least able to advance the interests of architects? END
START what specific institution did barnes indicate could become a rival of the royal institute? END
START what year did the institute celebrate the third centenary celebration? END
START when does the royal institute's guide indicate the first riba board was established? END
START what school document had to meet the standards of the board for admittance? END
START what was necessary for testing in schools applying to the riba board? END
START what body carried out on-site inspection of member schools of the riba board? END
START when does the royal institute's guide indicate the last riba board was established? END
START what school document had no impact on the standards of the board for admittance? END
START what was unnecessary for testing in schools applying to the riba board? END
START what body carried out off-site inspection of member schools of the riba board? END
START what organization's policies regarding acceptance of professional qualifications prompted thoughts of revamping arcuk? END
START when did the name of arcuk change? END
START what was the name of the legistlation leading to the change in arcuk's name? END
START what was shut down as a result of legislation changing the name of arcuk? END
START what was the new name given to arcuk in the '90s? END
START when did the name of arcuk decide to stay the same? END
START what organization's policies regarding acceptance of professional qualifications prompted thoughts of keeping arcuk? END
START what was opened as a result of legislation changing the name of arcuk? END
START what was the new name given to arcuk in the '80s? END
START what is the function of the royal institute's visiting boards? END
START when did the royal institute and arb reach accord on a shared body of criteria? END
START what does arb stand for? END
START what is a key difference between the arb and royal institute? END
START what is no longer the function of the royal institute's visiting boards? END
START when did the royal institute and arb reach accord on a conflicted body of criteria? END
START what does arb no longer stand for? END
START what is a key similarity between the arb and royal institute? END
START how many people have membership in the royal institute? END
START what can chartered members of riba add to their name to indicate their status? END
START what type of royal institute members are not able to use the organization's acronym after their names? END
START what is not provided by the royal institute anymore? END
START fellows of the royal institute can use what abbreviation with their names? END
START how many people have lost membership in the royal institute? END
START what can chartered members of riba remove from their name to indicate their status? END
START what type of royal institute members are required to use the organization's acronym after their names? END
START what is still provided by the royal institute? END
START what abbreviation can no longer be used by fellows of the royal institute  with their names? END
START what is the royal institute of british architects' street address? END
START who designed riba's headquarters? END
START what is one room in riba's headquarters that can be visited by the public? END
START for what purpose can rooms be rented at the royal institute's building? END
START what is the former royal institute of british architects' street address? END
START who destroyed riba's headquarters? END
START what is one room in riba's headquarters that can no longer be visited by the public? END
START what purpose can rooms not be rented at the royal institute's building? END
START how many satellite offices does the royal institute run in the uk? END
START when was riba's first satellite office opened? END
START in what city was the first riba branch office opened? END
START what territory did riba's cambridge branch office cover? END
START how many satellite offices does the royal institute no longer run in the uk? END
START when was riba's last satellite office opened? END
START what city was the first riba branch office closed? END
START what territory did riba's cambridge branch office avoid? END
START what is the name of the royal institute's business operation? END
START where does riba's business group have its headquarters office? END
START how many people work for riba enterprises? END
START how many of riba enterprises' staff are located at the newcastle office? END
START what is the name of the royal institute's academic operation? END
START where does riba's business group hide its headquarters office? END
START how many people quit working for riba enterprises? END
START how many of riba enterprises' staff are not located at the newcastle office? END
START what are three divisions of riba enterprises? END
START what are two publications produced by riba publishing? END
START what does nbs stand for? END
START how many people work for the nbs? END
START where is the nbs located? END
START what are three divisions not involved with riba enterprises? END
START how many people support the nbs? END
START where is the nbs banned? END
START what are two publications avoided by riba publishing? END
START what is another name for the royal institute library? END
START when was the riba library founded? END
START how many materials are housed in the riba library? END
START the british architectural library is the biggest library of its kind in which continent? END
START in what institution are some materials from the riba collection located? END
START what is a prohibited name for the royal institute library? END
START when was the riba library removed? END
START how many materials are burned in the riba library? END
START which continent has the british architectural library as the smallest library? END
START what institution has none of materials from the riba collection? END
START what was the riba library's first address? END
START where did riba move its library? END
START in what year did riba move its library? END
START which architect's work was preserved throughout world war ii by the royal institute's library? END
START what was the riba library's fourth address? END
START where did riba name its library? END
START what year did riba design its library? END
START which architect's work was lost during world war ii by the royal institute's library? END
START where is the royal institute library's reading room located? END
START where are riba's study rooms located? END
START what art style was used inthe design of the reading room? END
START in what year did the royal institute's reading rooms open? END
START who is meant to benefit from teaching provided by the riba library? END
START where is the royal institute library's reading room formerly located? END
START where are riba's study rooms not located? END
START what art style was not used in the design of the reading room? END
START what year did the royal institute's reading rooms close? END
START who is not meant to benefit from the teaching provided by the riba library? END
START when did the victoria and albert museum and the royal institute of british architects start a formal relationship? END
START what is the name of the joint venture involving the victoria and albert museum and the royal institute of british architects? END
START what is the main goal of the v&a + riba partnership? END
START when did the victoria and albert museum and the royal institute of british architects end a formal relationship? END
START what is the name of the joint venture no longer involving the victoria and albert museum and the royal institute of british architects? END
START what is the main disadvantage of the v&a + riba partnership? END
START who has never worked together? END
START in what space at the v&a is the architecture gallery located? END
START what is found at room 128a of the victoria & albert museum? END
START who designed rooms 128 and 128a at the v&a museum? END
START where was the royal institute's drawing and archives collections located originally? END
START what part of the v&a was the royal institute's drawing and archives collection moved to? END
START what space at the v&a is the architecture gallery forbidden? END
START what is not found at room 128a of the victoria & albert museum? END
START who destroyed rooms 128 and 128a at the v&a museum? END
START where was the royal institute's drawing and archives collections banned originally? END
START what part of the v&a was the royal institute's drawing and archives collection avoided from? END
START what does the royal institute of british architects award the stirling prize for? END
START what was the first year in which riba's royal gold medal was given? END
START what is the royal gold medal awarded for? END
START what is the limit of how much can be spent on projects receiving the stephen lawrence prize? END
START what is the name of the riba awards given to students of architecture? END
START what does the royal institute of british architects no longer award the stirling prize for? END
START what was the last year in which riba's royal gold medal was given? END
START what is the royal gold medal removed from? END
START what is the limit of how much can be taken from projects receiving the stephen lawrence prize? END
START what is the name of the riba awards given to professors of architecture? END
START what are events that a company can sponsor when it is planning a new construction project or redesigning an existing one? END
START what is provided to guide entrants in an architectural competition? END
START what kinds of people generally make up the panels which judge architecture competitions? END
START what is necessary for the integrity of a design competition? END
START what kind of artistic production can be supported by design competitions? END
START what are events that a company can't sponsor when it is planning a new construction project or redesigning an existing one? END
START what is not provided to guide entrants in an architectural competition? END
START what kinds of people never make up the panels which judge architecture competitions? END
START what is unnecessary for the integrity of a design competition? END
START what kind of artistic production can no longer be supported by design competitions? END
START aside from the arb, what other organization offers accreditation services for schools serving architects? END
START what process does riba use in its accreditation system? END
START what kinds of courses does riba conduct accreditation services for apart from the architects registration board? END
START what process does riba no longer use in its accreditation system? END
START what other organization doesn't offer accreditation services for schools serving architects aside from the arb? END
START what kinds of courses does riba not conduct accreditation services for apart from the architects registration board? END
START what always requires input from the arb? END
START what is the first step in the royal institute's guidelines for education? END
START what is required by the second stage in the education provisions set out by riba? END
START what does the third part of the royal institute's educational process contain? END
START how long does it take, at the least, for a student to be eligible for the title of chartered? END
START what occurs between the second and third parts of the education process prescribed by the royal institute? END
START what is the first step not used in the royal institute's guidelines for education? END
START what is not required by the second stage in the education provisions set out by riba? END
START what does the third part of the royal institute's educational process omit? END
START how long does it take, at most, for a student to be eligible for the title of chartered? END
START what did the royal institute support in order to keep up with housing in mainland europe? END
START when did the royal institute promote setting lower limits on the size of new homes in britain? END
START who was the head of the royal institute of british architects in 2007? END
START to what decade did pringle unfavorably compare the size of modern british homes? END
START what country did pringle cite as having homes with better proportions than those found in the uk? END
START what did the royal institute oppose in order to keep up with housing in mainland europe? END
START when did the royal institute oppose setting lower limits on the size of new homes in britain? END
START who was the body of the royal institute of british architects in 2007? END
START what decade did pringle favorably compare the size of modern british homes? END
START what country did pringle cite as having homes with worse proportions than those found in the uk? END
START nara is responsible for what collection of archives? END
START what independent agency preserves the original copy of executive orders? END
START what is congress responsible for preserving? END
START what kind of agency is the electoral college? END
START what types of documents does congress preserve? END
START what does congress usually do when they deliberate a bill? END
START where is the public not legally allowed to vote? END
START what is the official that oversees the operation of nara? END
START what member of nara has the ability to declare when the constitutional threshold of passage has ocurred? END
START what do state legislatures oversee the operation of? END
START what kind of documentation is maintained by the state legislatures? END
START what authority do the state legislatures have? END
START what do state legislatures decide about acts? END
START what is the title used by state legislatures when overseeing  nara? END
START what office publishes the federal register? END
START what office administers the electoral college? END
START which office publishes the code of federal regulations? END
START which office publishes the united states statutes at large? END
START what does the electoral college publish? END
START what code is the electoral college responsible for? END
START what statutes does the electoral college publish? END
START does the electoral college only publish the us statutes at large only or are there others? END
START what office does the electoral college administer? END
START which arm of nara handles grants? END
START what year was the national historical publications and records commission established? END
START about how many grants has the nhprc awarded? END
START in what year did public and private archives begin taking grants? END
START how many grants are awarded by the government annually? END
START how many colleges and universities award grants to students each year? END
START in 1964 what was the focus of curriculum in history classes?  END
START what do many nonprofit organizations take part in to support students? END
START ogis provides what resource for the government and public? END
START what type of dispute does nara typically resolve? END
START nara is ordered by congress to review what type of policies? END
START what types of recommendations does nara provide to congress? END
START what types of disputes do federal agencies usually solve? END
START what type of policies does nara have congress review annually? END
START what does nara have congress also recommend if needed? END
START what groups does congress make itself a resource for? END
START what groups does the public make sure are in compliance with foia? END
START what year was the national archives establishment established in? END
START in what year did nara become an independent agency? END
START in what year was the national archives merged with gsa? END
START what did nara establish in 1934? END
START why did nara establish the national archives in 1934? END
START who is the head of nara? END
START what happened originally when the gsa was responsible for maintaining documents? END
START what was the chief administrator incorporated with in 1949? END
START who was the first archivist at the national archives? END
START when did the first archivist start at the national archives? END
START what branch of the us government established the national archives? END
START what commission merged the national archives with gsa? END
START the archivist took on what role after the incorporation of the nation archives into gsa? END
START who began serving on april 1, 1985? END
START what was hoover's profession in 1934? END
START was hoover one of many archivists or was he the first? END
START in what year did hoover become president? END
START what was established by the gsa in 1949? END
START when was the reclassification program originally intended to end? END
START how was the reclassification of documents in '06 revealed? END
START in what year was the archivist of the us hired? END
START in what year was the reclassification program created? END
START what did the archivist of the us and researchers have between them? END
START what did the archivist and researchers plan to withdraw in the name of national security? END
START would nara be likely to find out about the researchers reclassification program? END
START what year was executive order 13526 created? END
START what executive order created the national declassification center? END
START what was the aim of executive order 13526? END
START in what year was nara created? END
START what is the number of the order written by nara to declassify documents? END
START what is the main focus of nara's efforts? END
START what other responsibilities does nara have? END
START what groups does nara oversee since 2010? END
START what types of groups are nara's holdings classified into? END
START each record group is classified based on what? END
START besides films and other non-static media, what type of media is classified into a group? END
START besides the general media and motion picture categories, which category contains media that is not static? END
START what are governmental departments usually classed into? END
START how is nara classified as officially? END
START what record types were used more in the past than they are now? END
START what records are usually used currently because they are the most efficient? END
START what record is the oldest type in storage? END
START where are archival descriptions of holdings under the custody of nara stored? END
START as of the end mid december of 2012, how many logical data records are stored at nara? END
START how many digital copies of previously digitized materials were there in december of 2012? END
START archival descriptions include traditional paper holdings, electron records, and what? END
START the 10 billion logical data records are linked to how many artifacts? END
START in what year was the arc created? END
START what is the maximum capacity of what the federal government can store ? END
START what percentage of artifacts are actually held in museums? END
START what does the government usually back up 81% of in case of damage? END
START how many catalogs sent to people each year could actually be digitized instead? END
START most of nara's holdings are available to sector? END
START federal government works are excluded from what legal protection? END
START some records at nara are legally protected by what? END
START what executive order directs agencies to declassify documents before sending them to nara? END
START what office of nara oversees the declassification of classified materials? END
START most donor records at the iso office are available to what group? END
START what are donor agreement records excluded from? END
START what does the iso office direct agencies to do? END
START for how long are documents stored at the iso office? END
START for how long does the iso office also store classified documents? END
START besides census records and passenger lists, what nara documents are particularly useful to genealogists? END
START for what time period does nara have census records available for? END
START during what period did europeans immigrate to the us? END
START how many passengers are typically on a ship? END
START what is the farthest year you can go back when studying your genealogy? END
START in what year was genealogy the most popular? END
START what did the government start taking to count the population in 1790? END
START what is the informal name of the national archives building? END
START on what street is the the national archives building located? END
START where is the declaration of independence kept? END
START where in the national archives can you view a copy of the magna carta? END
START where is the louisiana purchase treaty kept? END
START in what year was the emancipation proclamation written? END
START where is a statue of edward i located? END
START what did edward i like to have a collection of? END
START what document was written by edward i in 1297? END
START what documents are kept at the national mall? END
START since when has all filming and photography in the rotunda for the charters of freedom been banned? END
START for how long has the national archives prohibited flash photography? END
START what is an aspect of a visit to the rotunda for the charters of freedom? END
START what has made the no photography rule hard to enforce in the rotunda for the charters of freedom? END
START how long have there been no lines to see individual documents? END
START since what date have visitors been allowed into the rotunda? END
START what year did the national archives open to the public? END
START how long ago were the charters of freedom found? END
START was it difficult to enforce the ban on the public entering the rotunda before february 25, 2010? END
START what is the second facility of nara named? END
START when was archives ii opened? END
START what college is archives ii closest to? END
START what college does nara have cooperatives initiatives with? END
START what campus of university of maryland is listed on the national register of historic places? END
START why did the university of maryland open another campus site? END
START what do the national register of historic places and nara often engage in? END
START in what year was the college park campus founded? END
START what is the name of the second campus opened by the university of maryland? END
START what college does the national register of historic places have cooperative initiatives with? END
START where is the washington national records center located? END
START what does the washington national records center primarily store? END
START after staying at the wnrc, where are records transferred to? END
START what happens to temporary records at the wnrc if they are not retrieved by the end of the retention times? END
START beyond the storage of federal records, what service does the wnrc provide? END
START in what city and state are the national archives located? END
START what do researchers pay for storage at the national archives? END
START when do researchers transfer documents to the wnrc? END
START what kind of room is maintained by the national archives? END
START who has control of the records stored by researchers? END
START where is the national archives building located? END
START what proportion of the federal census records in existence does the national archives building house? END
START what's the latest war the national archives building has military unit records for? END
START what's the earliest war the national archives building has military unit records for END
START where is the freedmen's bureau located? END
START what is the freedmen's bureau responsible for? END
START what  are two examples of record collections at the freedmen's bureau? END
START what is the earliest war the freedmen's bureau has records for? END
START what foreign war records are kept at the freedmen's bureau? END
START what do the facilities designated to each area of the us specialize in? END
START microfilms of documents from federal agencies can be found where? END
START how are court rooms usually situated? END
START what is one area that is subject to government funding? END
START what areas are usually under the jurisdiction of federal agencies? END
START what type of record storage is no longer widely produced? END
START what is usually produced in abundance by federal agencies? END
START where are some of the items relevant to jfks medical treatments housed? END
START federal records centers are particularly unhelpful to what type of research? END
START which federal records center houses materials relevant to jfks assassination?  END
START when was jfk shot? END
START in what year was jfk elected president? END
START where is jfk originally from? END
START who owns the materials housed for public researchers? END
START what was open in lenexa, kansas in 1963 for research? END
START what did the frc start allowing in its facility after 1963? END
START what agency maintains the presidential library system? END
START what is the system that preserves the documents of us presidents? END
START who is the earliest president that is represented in the archives of the presidential library system? END
START in what area of the us can one find the presidential library system libraries? END
START what did herbert hoover maintain? END
START what is the system that herbert hoover founded? END
START where did herbert hoover spend much of his time? END
START what organization was started by hoover for document storage? END
START why did nara create the presidential library system? END
START libraries that are established for other presidents are operated by private foundations, historical societies, and what government entities? END
START what state operates the abraham lincoln presidential library? END
START what is the earliest president that nara does not hold records for in its presidential library system? END
START abraham lincoln's presidential library and museum is operated by what type of entity? END
START who have historical societies been established for? END
START where can you go in illinois to learn about the history of the state? END
START what groups help fund nara to support libraries and museums? END
START what state was abraham lincoln from? END
START what group operates the calvin coolidge library? END
START in what year did the national archives make strides towards making its holdings more widely available? END
START what large internet company has partnered with nara to digitize records? END
START what archivist announced the partnership with google? END
START what is google helping nara with? END
START what is the aim of nara in entering public-private partnerships? END
START what company did allen weinstein work for in 2006? END
START why did allen weinstein create google in 2006? END
START what kind of company is google considered? END
START what is allen weinstein creating this pilot program to do? END
START what did google first put online in 2006? END
START in january of 2007, what internet company did the national archives partner with? END
START what was the aim of the partnership with fold3.com? END
START what archivist announced the partnership with fold3? END
START of all the benefits of the partnership with fold3, what benefited the public at large the most? END
START what direct benefit did nara itself gain from the partnership with fold3? END
START what website was created on january 10, 2007? END
START how many people usually visit the fold3.com website each year? END
START what is the main goal of the footnote website? END
START what company did allen weinstein formerly work for? END
START what medium did fold3.com store all of its records on? END
START in what year did the national archives announce that it would make its collection of universal newsreels available for purchase online? END
START what company did the national archives partner with make it's universal newsreels available online? END
START universal newsreels dated from which year up to 1967 were made available through createspace? END
START in what year did createspace begin partnering with amazon.com? END
START who founded createspace and helped them partner with amazon.com? END
START what did amazon.com think partnering with weinstein would accomplish? END
START what can the public view when they go to the amazon.com website? END
START how much does it cost to view films on amazon.com from 1929 to 1967? END
START what did the national archives announce in may of 2008? END
START which genealogy website benefits by the may 2008 announcement? END
START what happens after the 5 year embargo that allows ancestry.com exclusive use of digitized records? END
START what did ancestry.com announce in may 2008? END
START how far back does ancestry.com have records for genealogy? END
START how many years has ancestry.com been prominent online? END
START in what year was the first us census taken? END
START what month marked the beginning of wwi? END
START which google affiliated website did the national archives decide to use in 2009? END
START what purpose does the national archive youtube channel serve? END
START what online service did the national archives decide to use to showcase its photographic holdings? END
START the national archives' educational team created a website in what year? END
START on what date did youtube begin showing videos online? END
START how many images are stored on the flickr website at one time? END
START why was the youtube site first launched in 2010? END
START what website was created in 2009 that was developed by the public? END
START what was featured on flickr in june 2009 for creating classroom activities and lessons? END
START in 2011, what sort of wikipedia addition did the national archives make? END
START what was the purpose of creating a wikiproject? END
START whose idea was it for the national archives to work with wikimedia? END
START what benefit does public reap from the national archives working with wikimedia? END
START which language was the wikiproject primarily created in? END
START in what language was wikipedia first published in in 2011? END
START what is the purpose behind the creation of wikimedia? END
START what did wikimedia want saved in the english national archives? END
START what did wikipedia want its holdings available through? END
START what did english wikipedia want to expand in 2011? END
START what type of islands are the tristan da cunha END
START where are the islands of tristan da cunha located? END
START how many square kilometres  is the island? END
START what type of island group are the islands? END
START what is the name for the main kilometres of the group? END
START which is the least remotely inhabited archipelago in the world? END
START what is the name for the group of remote volcanic islands in the north atlantic ocean? END
START what is the name for the group of remote volcanic islands in the south pacific ocean? END
START what is the name for the group of remote wildlife reserves in the north atlantic ocean? END
START what territory is tristan da cunha part of? END
START what is the population of the island? END
START what other island is included in the territory? END
START which territory is saint helena part of? END
START which territory is axcension part of? END
START which territory is british overseas a part of? END
START what is located 3,730 miles north of tristan? END
START which island is located 3,730 kilometres south of tristan? END
START in what year were the islands first sighted? END
START what was the name of the explorer that sighted them? END
START who was the main island named after? END
START what year was it said the first island landing was made? END
START who first sighted the islands in 1643? END
START who made the first undisputed landing in 1506? END
START who was the captain of the tristan da cunha? END
START when do some sources say the british made the first landing? END
START by who was the las gerritsz captained? END
START what was the name of the first long term settler?  END
START what year did the first permanent settler arrive? END
START what did one of the settlers rename the islands? END
START from where was the last permanent settler to the islands? END
START who was the last permanent settler to the islands? END
START in which month of 1810 did the last permanent settler arrive to the islands? END
START in which year did the last permanent settler arrive at the islands? END
START where did the only survivor, thomas currie, remain a dead man? END
START in what year did the uk annex the islands? END
START where did the uk rule the islands from? END
START in what year did the islands annex the united kingdom? END
START from where did the islands rule the united kingdom? END
START when were the islands annexed by napoleon bonaparte? END
START where was the prison of tristan da cunha located? END
START what prevented the us from using napoleon bonaparte as a cruiser base? END
START in what year did prince alfred visit the island? END
START what was the main settlement named? END
START who is lewis carroll's youngest brother? END
START when did the third son of queen victoria visit the islands? END
START when did queen victoria visit the islands? END
START when did edwin heron visit the islands? END
START when did lewis carroll dodgson visit the islands? END
START when did tristan da cunha visit the islands? END
START what is one reason that caused the island to become less used? END
START by who was the sailing ships occupied? END
START who used the islands as a base in the northern atlantic? END
START which canal was opened in 1689? END
START what decreased isolation in the islands? END
START when was the east asia canal opened? END
START what year were the islands declared dependent of saint helena? END
START when was saint helena declared a dependency of the islands? END
START what declared saint helena a dependency of the islands? END
START for how long did letters patent stop at the island? END
START when was letters patent declared a dependency of the islands? END
START when were the islands declared independent from saint helena? END
START during what war was the island used as a royal navy station? END
START what was the islands codename during world war ii? END
START who was the administrator during world war ii for the island? END
START what were the islands used as during world war i? END
START what were the islands code-named during world war i? END
START the islands were used as a base during world war i to monitor what type of boats? END
START what kind of contact were navy u-boats required to maintain? END
START by who was the second administrator appointed? END
START what year was an atomic bomb detonated near the island? END
START what country test detonated an atomic bomb near the island? END
START during which mission did the us army detonate an atomic bomb? END
START what was detonated during operation navy in 1958? END
START where was the nuclear bomb detonated? END
START when did the upper atmosphere detonate an atomic bomb? END
START what year was the island evacuated due to an eruption? END
START what year did most families return after being evacuated? END
START what was the name of the settlement that was assessed after the evactuation? END
START when was the population of england forced to cape town? END
START which eruption caused the population of royal society to evacuate to england? END
START what returned to the island by 1961? END
START by when had most families left the islands? END
START which settlement had been devastatingly affected? END
START in what year was the island hit by an extratropical cyclone? END
START who provided aid for the extratropical cyclone? END
START what happened on may 19, 2023? END
START how high were the wind speeds generated from the hurricane on may 23, 2001? END
START who provided cattle to the area following the cyclone? END
START what was provided to the area by cattle after the storm? END
START in miles, what is the equivalent of 120 kilometres per hour? END
START what year was a virus induced flu reported? END
START what was reported on december 20, 2004? END
START when was there an outbreak of acute virus-induced flu on the moon? END
START what was in abundance on the island of tristan? END
START when did the medical supply outbreak occur? END
START when did the tristan outbreak hit the islands? END
START what year did a large fire destroy the fishing factory? END
START when were the new generators installed to correct the power problems? END
START what was the name of the ship that was a temporary fishing facility? END
START when was the new fishing factory ready for use? END
START what destroyed the economy on february 13, 2008? END
START when was there a fire that destroyed the new facility? END
START when did the fire come to the island to act as a new factory ship? END
START what came to the island during the fire to act as a factory ship? END
START by when was the old facility ready? END
START when did the freighter nightingale run aground? END
START what was spilled when the freighter ran aground? END
START what animal was threatened with the fuel oil spill? END
START where were the penguins transported for cleaning? END
START when did ms oliva spill tristan da cunha into the ocean? END
START what was spilled into rockhopper penguins on march 16, 2011? END
START who was responsible for spilling tons of rockhopper penguins in the ocean? END
START what was transported to nightingale island for cleaning? END
START where was the heavy fuel oil transported to for cleaning? END
START when did a boat arrive at the island with damage during a race? END
START what was the name of the boat that was damaged during the race? END
START what was the name of the race the boat was damaged in? END
START what was broken/damaged on the boat? END
START where did the volvo break its mast? END
START where did the puma's mar mostro break its first leg? END
START what made the island unknown worldwide? END
START what made alicante known worldwide? END
START what made cape town known worldwide? END
START during which time did a british party make the first scientific expedition to tristan da cunha? END
START when did the norwegian party make the first ever scientific expedition to the moon? END
START where did the british expedition party make the first ever trip to? END
START when did the norwegian party make the last scientific expedition to tristan da cunha? END
START what did the british expeditionary party do while on their stay at the island? END
START what is located in the south-west coast? END
START what is the name for the settlement located in the south-west coast? END
START where is the lowest point of the island? END
START what has been operated since 1562 at transvaal bay? END
START where is the weather station with a staff of 2,062 currently located? END
START what has a wet oceanic climate with unpleasant temperatures? END
START what can the number of foggy days be compared to? END
START to where can moonlight hours be compared? END
START above which elevations is frost virtually unknown? END
START which place on the island is said to be the coolest and wettest? END
START who has identified the island as an important antarctic area? END
START there are 13 species of resident land birds on the islands and how many species of breeding seabirds? END
START there are 2 species of breeding seabirds on the island and how many species of resident land birds? END
START where is the only known breeding site of the tristan petrel? END
START what is gough primarily known for? END
START what is based on principles put into place by william glass in 2013? END
START who established a settlement based on inequality in 1817? END
START on what did william glass base his island on? END
START what will not allow for a outsiders to buy land or settle on tristan? END
START for how many months does the nominal fishing season last? END
START which south african company was destroyed by a 1961 volcanic eruption? END
START who has exclusive rights to sell crawfish to the us and uk? END
START who is the uk an overseas territory of? END
START what may expedite the updating of communication equipment on the island? END
START what may expedite the improving of education on the island? END
START for how long does the biannual break from government last? END
START for how long does the biannual break from factory work  last? END
START which day is usually marked with parties at various island stores? END
START what is the break that begins on news year day from? END
START in which year did the island store close a week later than normal due to inventory shortages? END
START what is the government funded by? END
START from where are the five resident nurses from? END
START from where are the five doctors on the island from? END
START what makes it impossible to send ekg pictures to other countries? END
START how has the system for long distance medical help remained unlimited? END
START who collaborated with st. mary's school to create the amateur composers project? END
START who collaborated with amateur composers to create the st. mary's school project? END
START who collaborated with tristan song to create the amateur composers project? END
START which project was led by rockhopper penguins? END
START when did the tristan song project narrow its scope? END
START what is the settlement known by locals as? END
START from how many ancestors is the current population of 15 thought to have descended from? END
START from where did the female founders originate? END
START how many families live in the roman catholic church? END
START what is the name of the book, written by simon winchester, that documents examples of the island's dialect? END
START who is the governor of saint helena represented by? END
START what is vested in executive authority? END
START where does the queen permanently reside? END
START who was appointed tristan da cunha's 3-year administrator? END
START when did sean burns arrive to takeover from alex mitham? END
START what makes travelling to the outside world easy? END
START lacking a sea, how can the islands be reached? END
START how many times a year do airplanes service the area? END
START where did the united kingdom government stay during the volcanic eruption? END
START who financed the new airport in calshot harbour? END
START from when was there a low cost, high speed internet available on the island? END
START with who does st. helena share the 3072 code? END
START who provides the global crossing network? END
START who does tristan da cunha share global crossing codes with? END
START what is the abbreviation by which the university of kansas is known? END
START where is the main branch of the university of kansas located? END
START what is the tallest point in lawrence? END
START who authorized the opening of the university of kansas? END
START in what year was kansas made a member of the united states? END
START what is the abbreviation by which the university of kentucky is known? END
START where is the side branch of the university of kansas located? END
START what is the lowest point in lawrence? END
START who authorized the closing of the university of kansas? END
START in what year was kansas made a member of the united nations? END
START in what two cities are there satellite locations for ku's medical school? END
START what organization does ku belong to? END
START how many insititutions comprise the association of american universities' membership? END
START in what city can ku's hospital be found? END
START in what city can ku's edwards campus be found? END
START in what two cities are there satellite locations for ku's law school? END
START what organization doesn't ku belong to? END
START how many insititutions rejected the association of american universities' membership? END
START in what city can ku's law school be found? END
START in what city can't ku's edwards campus be found? END
START how many people attended the university of kansas at its edwards and lawrence locations in the fall semester of 2014? END
START in the autumn of 2014, how many people attended the university of kansas's medical center? END
START how many students attended the university of kansas combined in fall of 2014? END
START how many education professionals were working at ku in the fall of 2012? END
START how many people attended the university of kansas at its edwards and lawrence locations in the winter semester of 2014? END
START in the spring of 2014, how many people attended the university of kansas's medical center? END
START how many students attended the university of kansas combined in fall of 2015? END
START how many education professionals were working at ku in the fall of 2014? END
START how many students were working at ku in the fall of 2012? END
START on what date was ku's lawrence campus made official? END
START how much money did lawrence have to contribute to the university as terms of its charter? END
START what was the minimum size of the land that lawrence could provide for the university? END
START what competing city was next in line if lawrence would have been unable to meet the requirements necessary to get ku built in its city? END
START on what date was ku's lawrence campus made unofficial? END
START how much gold did lawrence have to contribute to the university as terms of its charter? END
START what was the maximum size of the land that lawrence could provide for the university? END
START what competing city was next in line if lawrence would have been able to meet the requirements necessary to get ku built in its city? END
START what out of state city was next in line if lawrence would have been unable to meet the requirements necessary to get ku built in its city? END
START on what geographic feature was ku built? END
START who did the site of ku's construction originally belong to? END
START who provided the majority of the money needed to secure the site of the university of kansas? END
START what was the governing body of ku? END
START what was the year in which ku's first roster of students graduated? END
START on what geographic feature was ku torn down? END
START who did the site of uk's construction originally belong to? END
START who provided the minority of the money needed to secure the site of the university of kansas? END
START what was the non-governing body of ku? END
START what was the year in which ku's final roster of students graduated? END
START how many institutions participated in the v-12 program? END
START what did the v-12 program provide to interested pupils? END
START during what event did the v-12 program take place? END
START how many institutions never participated in the v-12 program? END
START how many institutions participated in the 12-v program? END
START what did the v-12 program provide to uninterested pupils? END
START what did the v-12 program provide to interested faculty? END
START during what event did the v-12 program not take place? END
START what part of ku serves students learning about government? END
START what are two radio stations that broadcast from ku? END
START what is the name of a fine art institution on the campus of ku? END
START which library is dedicated to a former student of the university of kansas? END
START whom is the anschutz library named for? END
START what part of ku serves students not learning about government? END
START what are two radio stations that broadcast outside of ku? END
START what is the name of a crude art institution on the campus of ku? END
START which library is dedicated to a current student of the university of kansas? END
START whom isn't the anschutz library named for? END
START how many campuses are run by ku? END
START what term describes the nature of how the university is partially funded? END
START what are two parts of the university of kansas house in the college of liberal arts and sciences? END
START at least how many different degree-granting programs exist at ku? END
START how many campuses aren't run by ku? END
START what term describes the nature of how the university is fully funded? END
START what are three parts of the university of kansas house in the college of liberal arts and sciences? END
START at least how many different degree-granting programs don't exist at ku? END
START at least how many different non-degree granting programs exist at ku? END
START what program at the university of kansas was rated highest among its peers? END
START what ku department was rated second in its field? END
START which publication provided rankings of college and university programs? END
START in what tier did a number of ku's programs rank in 2016? END
START what program at the university of kansas was rated lowest among its peers? END
START what program at the university of kansas was rated highest among random people? END
START what ku department was rated last in its field? END
START which radio program provided rankings of college and university programs? END
START in what tier did a number of ku's programs rank in 2015? END
START what ku school is abbreviated as sadp? END
START where is the sadp housed? END
START what was the name of the school that served as the sadp's precursor? END
START with what two other programs was ku's architectural engineering curriculum joined in 2001? END
START in what year did the sadp assume its current form? END
START what ku school is abbreviated as sdap? END
START where is the sdap housed? END
START what was the name of the school that served as the sadp's postcursor? END
START with what two other programs was ku's architectural engineering curriculum joined in 2010? END
START in what year did the sadp reject its current form? END
START what is the name of the publication that ranks schools engaged in architecture and design education? END
START what is the name of the yearly ratings published by designintelligence? END
START what title did ku's architecture school receive in 2012? END
START in what place did the university of kansas finish in national rankings for undergraduate architecture programs in 2012? END
START what is the name of the publication that doesn't rank schools engaged in architecture and design education? END
START what is the name of the monthly ratings published by designintelligence? END
START what title did ku's architecture school lose in 2012? END
START in what place did the university of kansas finish in international rankings for undergraduate architecture programs in 2012? END
START in what place did the university of kansas finish in national rankings for graduate architecture programs in 2012? END
START what kind of institution is ku's school of business? END
START where is the business school at ku located? END
START when was the university of kansas school of business established? END
START how many students attend the business school at ku? END
START how many educators work at the ku school of business? END
START what kind of institution isn't ku's school of business? END
START where is the business school at ku not located? END
START when was the university of kansas school of business destroyed? END
START how many students dropped out of the business school at ku? END
START how many educators volunteer at the ku school of business? END
START who considered the business school of the university of kansas among the best midwestern business institutions? END
START what organization provides oversight for business schools like ku's? END
START by what acronym is the association to advance collegiate schools of business known? END
START what are two kinds of courses of study available at ku's business school? END
START who considered the business school of the university of kansas among the worst midwestern business institutions? END
START who considered the business school of the university of kansas among the best southwestern business institutions? END
START what organization provides oversight for law schools like ku's? END
START by what acronym is the association to advance collegiate schools of business not known? END
START what are two kinds of courses of study unavailable at ku's business school? END
START in 2014, what issue of u.s. news & world report provided rankins for law schools? END
START what was ku's national law school ranking in 2014? END
START the university of kansas had the highest rated law school in which state? END
START in what building do law students attend classes at ku? END
START for whom is green hall named? END
START in 2015, what issue of u.s. news & world report provided rankins for law schools? END
START what was ku's local law school ranking in 2014? END
START the university of kansas had the lowest rated law school in which state? END
START in what building do law students skip classes at ku? END
START for whom is green hall not named? END
START what is the acronym for an organization that serves as an accreditation body for engineering schools? END
START on what campus is the university of kansas school of engineering located? END
START when was ku's engineering school established? END
START when did the university of kansas start issuing degrees in engineering? END
START what kind of institution is ku's engineering school? END
START what is the acronym for an organization that serves as an accreditation body for med schools? END
START on what campus is the university of kansas school of engineering not located? END
START when was ku's engineering school closed? END
START when did the university of kansas stop issuing degrees in engineering? END
START what kind of institution is ku's law school? END
START who published america's best colleges in 2016? END
START in what place did the engineering school at ku appear in 2016? END
START against what other kinds of institutions was ku's engineering school compared? END
START who published america's best colleges in 2015? END
START who published america's worst colleges in 2016? END
START in what place did the engineering school at uk appear in 2016? END
START in what place did the engineering school at ku appear in 2015? END
START against what other kinds of institutions was ku's med school compared? END
START what former leader of a car manufacturing company attended ku? END
START which person associated with web browsers was a student at ku? END
START what google employee once studied at the university of kansas? END
START what oil company leader is an alumnus of the university of kansas? END
START for what company did charles spahr serve as ceo? END
START what current leader of a car manufacturing company attended ku? END
START which person associated with web browsers was a teacher at ku? END
START what google employee once taught at the university of kansas? END
START what oil company leader is a professor of the university of kansas? END
START for what company did charles spahr serve as cfo? END
START what is the full name of ku's journalism school? END
START what are the two different programs offered at ku's schoold of journalism? END
START what three types of media are students taught to work with at ku's school of journalism? END
START what is the name of a magazine published at ku? END
START who sponsors a contest for journalistic writing? END
START what is the partial name of ku's journalism school? END
START what are the two different programs cancelled at ku's schoold of journalism? END
START what three types of media are students taught to ignore at ku's school of journalism? END
START what is the name of a magazine no longer published at ku? END
START who sponsors a contest for creative writing? END
START what are the three constituents of the medical center at ku? END
START what does each of the component schools of ku's medical center offer? END
START how many students attended the medical center at ku in fall of 2013? END
START at what other ku campus is a four year program available? END
START what is the focus of the salina location's medical program? END
START what are the three constituents of the law center at ku? END
START what does each of the component schools of ku's medical center not offer? END
START how many students attended the law center at ku in fall of 2013? END
START at what other ku campus is a two year program available? END
START what is the focus of the salina location's law program? END
START in what city is the edwards campus located? END
START when was the edwards campus built? END
START who are the main kinds of students at the edwards campus? END
START what is the average age of students on ku's edwards campus? END
START what can adult learners obtain through studying at the edwards campus of the university of kansas? END
START in what country is the edwards campus located? END
START when was the edwards campus destroyed? END
START who are the secondary kinds of students at the edwards campus? END
START what is the highest age of students on ku's edwards campus? END
START what can adult learners obtain through dropping out at the edwards campus of the university of kansas? END
START who provides statistics on educational costs? END
START what is a phrase that expresses the value of the education offered at ku with respect to its cost? END
START who provides statistics on educational grades? END
START who provides no statistics on educational costs? END
START who provides money for educational costs? END
START what is a phrase that expresses the value of the education offered at ku with respect to its grades? END
START what is a phrase that doesn't expresses the value of the education offered at ku with respect to its cost? END
START what was first instituted for first year students in the 2007-2008 school year? END
START for how long does the fixed rate of tuition last? END
START what was the edict approved by the board of regents that provided for the fixed tuition program? END
START how much did a student from outside of kansas have to pay per course credit in 2014-15? END
START what is charged at ku's specialized professional schools? END
START what was last instituted for first year students in the 2007-2008 school year? END
START for how long does the variable rate of tuition last? END
START what was the edict rejected by the board of regents that provided for the fixed tuition program? END
START how much did a professor from outside of kansas have to pay per course credit in 2014-15? END
START what is charged at ku's unspecialized professional schools? END
START what was launched in 1965 by the business school at ku? END
START what kind of applications did the interdisciplinary program help shape? END
START which government agency used the applications that were informed by ku's interdisciplinary management program? END
START what nasa program benefited from the use of decision science applications? END
START in what year was a new interdisciplinary management program launched at ku's school of business? END
START what was launched in 1956 by the business school at ku? END
START what kind of applications did the interdisciplinary program help cancel? END
START which government agency used the applications that were informed by uk's interdisciplinary management program? END
START what nasa program was harmed from the use of decision science applications? END
START in what year was a new interdisciplinary management program cancelled at ku's school of business? END
START what division of the university of kansas contributed to the development of the internet? END
START what kind of software is lynx? END
START what was made possible by lynx? END
START what division of the university of kansas hindered the development of the internet? END
START what division of the university of kansas contributed to the development of google? END
START what kind of software is linux? END
START what kind of hardware is lynx? END
START what was made impossible by lynx? END
START what colors are worn by ku's athletic teams? END
START what is the name of ku athletic teams? END
START how many times has the male basketball team from kansas won a national title? END
START how many natioanl female outdoor track and field championships have been won by the university of kansas? END
START where does ku's cross country team run? END
START what colors are worn by ku's non-athletic teams? END
START what isn't the name of ku athletic teams? END
START how many times has the male baseball team from kansas won a national title? END
START how many international female outdoor track and field championships have been won by the university of kansas? END
START where does ku's cross country team swim? END
START when did ku start fielding a football team? END
START how many times has the team from the university of kansas appeared in the orange bowl? END
START who is the current head of ku's football program? END
START who did ku defeat in the 2008 orange bowl? END
START what is the name of the facility that the ku football team plays in? END
START when did ku stop fielding a football team? END
START how many times has the team from the university of kansas appeared in the rose bowl? END
START who is the former coach of ku's football program? END
START who did ku lose to in the 2008 orange bowl? END
START what is the name of the faculty that the ku football team plays in? END
START what was the first year in which a men's team played basketball at the university of kansas? END
START who is the head of men's basketball at ku? END
START how many times has the university of kansas won a national championship in men's basketball? END
START who is considered the most famous basketball alumnus of ku? END
START in what year did the nabc hold its first and only men's basketball tournament? END
START what was the last year in which a men's team played basketball at the university of kansas? END
START who is the trainer of men's basketball at ku? END
START how many times has the university of kansas won an international championship in men's basketball? END
START who is considered the least famous basketball alumnus of ku? END
START in what year did the nabc hold its first and only women's basketball tournament? END
START who is in charge of all sports teams at ku? END
START who did zenger replace as athletic director at ku? END
START with what broadcasting company does ku have a contract? END
START what sportswear company has a deal with the university of kansas? END
START what sportswear company formerly held a contract with the university of kansas? END
START who is in charge of no sports teams at ku? END
START who did zenger get replaced by as athletic director at ku? END
START with what broadcasting company does ku not have a contract? END
START what sportswear company never held a contract with the university of kansas? END
START what sportswear company has no deal with the university of kansas? END
START how many times have ku teams appeared in the national debate tournament? END
START how many times has ku won the national debate championship? END
START how many times has ku been one of the last four teams competing at the national debate championships? END
START what school has won the most national debate championships? END
START what is the name of an honor given to collegiate debate teams? END
START how many times has ku lost the national debate championship? END
START how many times have uk teams appeared in the national debate tournament? END
START how many times has ku been one of the last five teams competing at the national debate championships? END
START what school has won the least national debate championships? END
START what is the name of an honor given to high school debate teams? END
START what are two events non-sports at which school songs are often heard? END
START what are two songs that reference the school's team colors in their titles? END
START what is the name of a song that references the state that ku serves? END
START what is the name of a traditional american song that is associated with ku? END
START what are three events non-sports at which school songs are often heard? END
START what are three songs that reference the school's team colors in their titles? END
START what is the name of a traditional canadian song that is associated with ku? END
START what is the name of a song that references the country that ku serves? END
START what is the name of a traditional american song that is not associated with ku? END
START what is the name of the newspaper printed every day by the university of kansas? END
START what high profile contest has the daily kansan won? END
START in what year did the daily kansan win the intercollegiate writing competition? END
START what is the name of an online resource that was created into provide a resource about ku? END
START what is the name of the poet who won the nelson award in 2006? END
START what is the name of the newspaper printed every week by the university of kansas? END
START what low profile contest has the daily kansan won? END
START in what year did the daily kansan lose the intercollegiate writing competition? END
START what is the name of an offline resource that was created into provide a resource about ku? END
START what is the name of the poet who won the nelson award in 2005? END
START in what two forms of media is the daily kansan available? END
START what institution houses the daily kansan? END
START how big is the daily kansan's audience? END
START in what three forms of media is the daily kansan available? END
START in what two forms of media is the weekly kansan available? END
START what institution doesn't house the daily kansan? END
START what institution houses the monthly kansan? END
START how big is the daily kansan's staff? END
START what are the call letters of the national public radio affiliate that broadcasts from ku? END
START what is the name of the station operated by ku students? END
START when did kjhk first broadcast? END
START what is the name of an independent radio broadcast run out of ku? END
START what kinds of programming appear on kujh-lp? END
START what are the call letters of the national public radio affiliate that broadcasts outside of ku? END
START when did kjhk last broadcast? END
START what is the name of an dependent radio broadcast run out of ku? END
START what kinds of programming don't appear on kujh-lp? END
START when was ku's first student union constructed? END
START what was the role the union was intended serve? END
START what is the name of the student union on the edwards campus of ku? END
START what company runs the university of kansas's bookstore? END
START what is the name of a potential recipient of funds from enterprises like the bookstore and dining centers at ku? END
START when was ku's last student union constructed? END
START what was the role the union was never intended to serve? END
START what is the name of the faculty union on the edwards campus of ku? END
START what company no longer runs the university of kansas's bookstore? END
START what is the name of a potential giver of funds from enterprises like the bookstore and dining centers at ku? END
START what is the name of the university of kansas's foundation? END
START when was the ku endowment founded? END
START to whom does the ku endowment seek to connect with? END
START what do donors offer to the university of kansas? END
START what isn't the name of the university of kansas's foundation? END
START what is the name of the university of kansas's foundary? END
START when was the ku endowment closed? END
START to whom does the ku endowment seek not to connect with? END
START what do donors take from the university of kansas? END
START what is the name of a publicly-available resource of ku related to community health? END
START what body is responsible for managing the community tool box? END
START what kinds of groups around the world can benefit from the community tool box? END
START how much content does the community tool box offer? END
START where can the community tool box be found? END
START what is the name of a privately-available resource of ku related to community health? END
START what body is irresponsible for managing the community tool box? END
START what kinds of groups around the world are harmed from the community tool box? END
START how much content doesn't the community tool box offer? END
START where can the community tool box not be found? END
START what is the legal capital of the republic of china? END
START what region is nanjing in? END
START when was the city given the name nanjing? END
START when did nanjing become the chinese national capital? END
START what does nanjing mean? END
START what part of china (north, east, south, west) is nanjing located? END
START what does nanjing have that is considered one of the world's biggest? END
START what river is nanjing associated with? END
START what city was awarded the 2008 habitat scroll of honour of china? END
START how long has nanjing been important? END
START how many great ancient capitals does china have? END
START what city is considered to be the nominal capital of the republic of china? END
START what mausoleum is in nanjing? END
START what city was the capital of eastern wu during the three kingdoms era? END
START how long ago did "nanjing man" live? END
START what vessel was found 5000 years ago? END
START when was the the fort of yuecheng built? END
START how long had nanjing been the capital city of yangzhou? END
START when was the wu state created? END
START when did nanjing become a state capital? END
START who founded eastern wu? END
START when was eastern wu founded? END
START who defeated nanjing and took over in 280? END
START when was nanjing extended? END
START what happened prior to the collapse of the western jin dynasty? END
START when did the jin court head south? END
START where did the jin court re-establish itself, after fleeing? END
START who fled with the jin court to the south? END
START how long was nanjing the capital of the southern dynasties? END
START during the time of the northsouth division, what city was the center of east asia? END
START during the time of the northsouth division, how many households were in nanjing? END
START what is the estimated population of nanjing during that time? END
START where did the information on registered households during that period originate? END
START what has survived in nanjing's suburbs? END
START in what district are these sculptural pieces located? END
START which piece is the best, in terms of preservation condition? END
START who was xiao xiu? END
START when did xiao xiu live? END
START when was nanjing made a capital again? END
START during what dynasty did nanjing become a thriving textile city? END
START what was the name of the short-lived puppet court created by the jurchens? END
START who defeated the court of song? END
START who was the first emperor of the ming dynasty? END
START who did zhu yuanzhang defeat? END
START what did zhu yuanzhang build around the city of nanjing? END
START how long did it take to finish the wall? END
START how many workers worked on the wall? END
START when was nanjing considered to be the biggest city in the world? END
START what was the number of people in nanjing in 1400? END
START when did nanjing cease to be the capital? END
START where was the capital moved to? END
START who was the third emperor of the ming dynasty? END
START what is the name of the famous mausoleum in nanjing? END
START who decimated the porcelain tower? END
START when was the porcelain tower destroyed? END
START one possibility the tower was destroyed was to prevent it's use by a hostile enemy. what is the other possibility? END
START how far from nanjing is the yangshan quarry? END
START what large item is abandoned at the quarry? END
START how long ago was the stele abandoned? END
START why was the stele abandoned? END
START who ordered the creation of the stele? END
START what admiral called nanjing his home? END
START what visiting king died in china in 1408? END
START what country did this visiting king come from? END
START what stele is at boni's tomb? END
START when did beijing lose to li zicheng's rebel forces and the manchu-led qing dynasty? END
START what ming prince was enthroned in nanjing? END
START when was zhu yousong enthroned? END
START what was zhu yousong's title? END
START the hongguang emperor's reign was thought of as the first reign of what dynasty? END
START when did the hongguang emperor leave nanjing, having been defeated? END
START who surrendered nanjing to invaders on june 6? END
START what did the manchu's make all the men in the city do? END
START when was the qing dynasty in power? END
START what was nanjing called during the qing dynasty? END
START what emperors visited nanjing more than once? END
START what year did the first opium war end? END
START who lived in buildings that would later come to be known as the presidential palace? END
START when did qing troops regain nanjing? END
START how many people died during the qing troops retaking of nanjing? END
START qing troops allowed no rebels who spoke what dialect to surrender? END
START who was the leader of the qing troops? END
START when was the republic of china founded? END
START who was the first president of the republic of china? END
START who moved the capital from nanjing to beijing? END
START when was nanjing re-established as the capital of the republic of china? END
START what party established nanjing as the capital of the republic of china? END
START who was the leader of the kuomintang (kmt; nationalist party)? END
START what are the 1930's known as, in china? END
START when did the kuomintang (kmt; nationalist party) defeat and take over beijing? END
START when did japan invade manchuria? END
START when did japan invade all of china? END
START who killed innocent civilians in the nanking massacre? END
START how many died in the nanking massacre? END
START when was the nanjing massacre memorial hall built? END
START when was the national government of china moved to chungking? END
START when was the nanjing regime established? END
START who was the leader of the nanjing regime? END
START when did the kmt move back to nanjing? END
START what was another name for the nanjing regime? END
START when did the communist troops cross the yangtze river? END
START when was nanjing conquered by the communist people's liberation army (pla)? END
START where did the kmt government stay until october 15? END
START when did the kmt government head to taiwan? END
START when was the people's republic of china formed? END
START how large is nanjing, in miles? END
START where does the yangtze river flow in nanjing? END
START how far is nanjing from shanghai, in miles? END
START how far is nanjing from beijing? END
START what is the name of the area of land around nanjing? END
START what city is northeast of nanjing? END
START what is southeast of nanjing? END
START what province is to the west of nanjing? END
START how many prefecture-size cities are in the province of anhui? END
START what city is on the border of nanjing to the east? END
START what is the east-west waterway near nanjing? END
START what is the railway that runs south to north called? END
START what mountain is in the east are of nanjing? END
START what mountain lies in the west of nanjing? END
START stone mountain is compared to what animal? END
START what type of climate does nanjing enjoy? END
START what monsoon affects nanjing? END
START nanjing is one of three "furnacelike" cities. what are the other two cities? END
START how many days of rain does nanjing get a year, on average? END
START how many hours of bright sunshine does nanjing get each year? END
START how many types of minerals are found in nanjing? END
START which minerals comprise 40 percent of those in the province? END
START for what mineral reserve does nanjing rank first in both east asia and the south east asia areas? END
START what are nanjing's main water sources? END
START what hot spring is in jiangning? END
START what lakes are in the middle of nanjing? END
START what type of trees are on purple mountain? END
START who convinced sun quan to make nanjing his capital? END
START what impressed liu bei so much about nanjing? END
START what is nanjing surrounded by? END
START when did a thick wave of smog first appear in central and eastern china? END
START how long was nanjing ranked as "severely polluted" during this wave? END
START on what days did nanjing have to issue a red alert because of the severe air pollution? END
START what is the full name for nanjing's government? END
START how many parties rule nanjing? END
START what party rules nanjing? END
START who is considered to be the governor of nanjing? END
START who is the executive leader of nanjing, working under the secretary? END
START what was the population of nanjing in 2010? END
START what was the estimated population of nanjing in 2011? END
START how was the population figure for 2010 obtained? END
START what was nanjing's birth rate? END
START how many people were considered to be living in the urban portion of nanjing? END
START what is the overwhelming ethnic majority in nanjing? END
START what minority nationality is most common? END
START what is the second most common minority group in nanjing? END
START how many people of manchu descent live in nanjing? END
START how many minority nationality types does nanjing contain? END
START in addition to textiles, what other industry is nanjing known for, since the three kingdoms period? END
START why is nanjing so strong in textiles and minting? END
START during what dynasty was nanjing the biggest business center in all of east asia? END
START in what dynasty were textiles particularly popular? END
START during the textile boom, how many jobs were created? END
START in what time period did nanjing transform from a producer to more of a consumer city? END
START what mostly caused the shift to a consumer city? END
START what is zhongyang shangchang? END
START in what year did the revenue of food and entertainment eclipse the output of industry? END
START how much of the population worked in a service capacity at that time? END
START what did the government build in nanjing during the 1950's? END
START the mistakes the government made during this period resulted in what type of growth? END
START how many pillar industries were there from the 1960s to the 1980s? END
START the inability to compete with multinational firms led to what for workers? END
START the government wanted nanjing to be what kind of industrial city? END
START what type of industries are now dominant in nanjing? END
START how much of the city's gdp do the service industries contribute to? END
START companies such as huawei, zte and lenovo have built what in nanjing? END
START companies such as ford, ibm, lucent, samsung and sap have built what in nanjing? END
START the top 3 industries in nanjing are? END
START what was nanjing's gdp in 2013? END
START what was nanjing's gdp per person in 2013? END
START was the gdp in 2013 an increase or decrease over 2012's levels? END
START how was nanjing's unemployment rate, compared to the nation as a whole? END
START what was nanjing's gdp ranking in all of china for 2013? END
START what are the three types of transport in nanjing? END
START what is the most popular method of travel for citizens? END
START how many bridges does nanjing have over the yangtze river? END
START how many tunnels does nanjing have over the yangtze river? END
START where is the city centre located? END
START nanjing's railway is important, and is located in what region of china? END
START what line does nanjing serve as a railway junction for? END
START what lines comprise the beijing-shanghai (jinghu) line? END
START what high-speed railway is nanjing connected to that contains shanghai? END
START what type of railway lines are now under construction? END
START how many railway stations are there in nanjing? END
START which are the two most prominent railway stations? END
START when was the nanjing railway station originally constructed? END
START in what year was the nanjing railway station re-built? END
START which station is one of the 5 hub stations on the beijingshanghai high-speed railway line? END
START what type of highways let commuters get to cities fast? END
START how many miles of highways are in nanjing? END
START what are the names of the artery roads in nanjing? END
START zhongshan road and hanzhong cross each other in what area of nanjing? END
START what is the total coverage of the city with roads, in miles? END
START what are the main types of public transportation? END
START how many companies are involved with the network of buses? END
START how many stations are there in total in the nanjing metro system? END
START when does nanjing expect to finish it's light rail line? END
START how many bus routes are there in nanjing? END
START what is nanjing's airport called? END
START how many routes does nanjing's airport run? END
START how many passengers did the airport service in 2013? END
START when did the airport open for business? END
START what airport was the primary airport before lukou? END
START what is the largest inland port for china? END
START how long is the port of nanjing? END
START how many berths does the port contain? END
START when did longtan containers port area open up? END
START how many containers can longtan containers port area handle? END
START when was the very first nanjing yangtze river bridge finished? END
START what was the symbolism of the bridge? END
START when did the nanjing yangtze river bridge first open for traffic? END
START what type of design is the bridge? END
START how many more bridges have been built since the first one was completed? END
START how many ancient capitals does china have in its history? END
START what type of people does nanjing draw because of its culture? END
START in what dynasties did poets congregate in nanjing? END
START when did the city serve as the official imperial examination centre? END
START what was the name of the examination centre? END
START how is nanjing seen, from a cultural perspective? END
START who provides strong support to nanjing? END
START what city is considered one of the more pleasant cities to live in, by the chinese? END
START does nanjing have a long or short tradition of culture? END
START where do some of the country's most prominent art groups call home? END
START which opera company is based in nanjing? END
START what art company is based in nanjing? END
START name two dance groups that are based in nanjing: END
START what is the name of china's oldest stage art? END
START what is one of the best theatres for kunqu? END
START what type of troupe is jiangsu province kun opera considered to be? END
START what other types of operas are performed in nanjing? END
START what other types of theater performance are seen in nanjing? END
START what is the name of the largest art gallery in jiangsu province? END
START what type of art does jiangsu art gallery contain? END
START what are two smaller galleries in nanjing? END
START what type of exhibitions do red chamber art garden and jinling stone gallery show? END
START when was the festival of climbing on the city wall celebrated? END
START on march 3, what festival was celebrated in ancient times? END
START what did citizens used to do on september 9? END
START where can one find the dates of more old festivals? END
START how many of these old festivals are still celebrated by residents of nanjing? END
START what city is considered to be a place that is popular with tourists? END
START rather than host the old festivals, what type of events does nanjing host each year? END
START what area holds the largest collection of plum blossoms in all of china? END
START where do the tourists for the plum blossom festival come from? END
START what festival involves kites and fruit trees? END
START when was the nanjing library completed? END
START what is the nanjing library's ranking in china? END
START how many volumes does the nanjing library have? END
START what is the name of the fifth largest library in china? END
START which university library is larger than nanjing university library? END
START what city contains some of the finest and oldest museums in all of china? END
START what is the previous name of the nanjing museum? END
START which museum was the first modern one in china? END
START what collections are the nanjing museum famous for? END
START how many items does the nanjing museum contain? END
START what can most of nanjing's multi-purpose theatres be used for? END
START what are the two most prominent theatres in nanjing? END
START what is the current purpose of the capital theatre? END
START what was the popularity of the capital theater, in the past? END
START where have nanjing's after-hours activities typically been located? END
START what three things were popular in the nanjing fuzimiao area? END
START what was a major night attraction for nanjing? END
START what statues are near the ones of teachers and educators? END
START what is another name for nanjing fuzimiao? END
START when did more commercial streets become built in nanjing? END
START what has happened as the result of more commercial streets in nanjing? END
START what area has lots of types of recreational outlets? END
START other than at "nanjing 1912", where else are there a lot of bars? END
START the two areas with a lot of bars are popular with whom? END
START what is considered to be a typical food for a nanjing resident? END
START which area has the longest history of growing radish? END
START what does the radish taste like in the spring? END
START what are nanjing people called by others? END
START what does calling someone 'nanjing big radish' mean they are like? END
START generally, what types of teams call nanjing home? END
START what is the name of the football club in nanjing? END
START what building is home to jiangsu sainty? END
START what is the name of the major basketball team in nanjing? END
START what is the name of china's highest level basketball league? END
START which sports center started in 1952? END
START how many major sports centers are located in nanjing? END
START what type of sports centers are wutaishan sports center and nanjing olympic sports center considered to be? END
START what is special about wutaishan sports center, from a historical perspective? END
START both wutaishan sports center and nanjing olympic sports center contain a stadium, gymnasium, natatorium, and what other facility? END
START when was the nanjing olympic sports center built? END
START why was the nanjing olympic sports center built? END
START how many people can nanjing olympic sports center's stadium hold? END
START how many people can nanjing olympic sports center's gymnasium hold? END
START how many people can nanjing olympic sports center's natatorium hold? END
START when was nanjing announced as the host city for the 2nd summer youth olympic games? END
START what was the theme for the 2014 youth olympic games? END
START how many types of sports were performed in the 2014 youth olympic games? END
START what type of spirit does the youth olympic games hope to spread? END
START when was the 2014 youth olympic games? END
START nanjing is considered one of the most pretty cities in what region? END
START how many tourists does nanjing receive each year? END
START what type of buildings attract tourists to nanjing? END
START list three natural attractions of nanjing. END
START what was the designation of nanjing? END
START what happened around the time that nanjing was designated as the capital? END
START are any of the structures that were built at that time still around? END
START the structures that still remain are open to whom? END
START how long has nanjing been considered the education hub of southern china? END
START how many places of higher learning are in nanjing? END
START what is nanjing's nationwide ranking for national key laboratories? END
START what is nanjing's nationwide ranking for national key disciplines? END
START what type of educational institutions are in the area, that nanjing can brag about? END
START who was the founder of the arena football league? END
START what was the inaugural year of the afl? END
START where does the arena football league rank amongst professional football leagues in north america by longevity? END
START in yards, how large is an arena football field? END
START what fraction of the size of an nfl football field is an arena football field? END
START how many teams played in the arena football league in the 2015 season? END
START what team left the afl after the 2015 season to join another league? END
START what league did the spokane shock join after the 2015 season? END
START along with the american conference, what is the other conference in the afl? END
START as of 2016, how many teams does each conference have? END
START as of 2016, how many regular season games does an afl team play? END
START how long is the afl regular season? END
START in what month did the 2015 afl season begin? END
START what month did the 2015 afl season end? END
START what is the name of the afl championship game? END
START what was the name of the afl development league? END
START when did the afl development league begin? END
START when was the first afl season played? END
START what arena football league season was cancelled? END
START in what city and state is the arena football league based? END
START who was jim foster's employer prior to his founding the arena football league? END
START what was jim foster viewing when he came up with the idea for arena football? END
START where was jim foster when he came up with the idea for arena football? END
START in what year did jim foster conceive of the idea of arena football? END
START what television network agreed to broadcast an arena football test game? END
START what football league began in 1982? END
START what team in the usfl did jim foster work for? END
START when did the usfl shut down? END
START on what date was the arena football test game played? END
START what was foster's job title with the chicago blitz? END
START in what city and state did the arena football test game take place? END
START at what venue did the test game occur? END
START along with the rockford metros, what was the name of the other team that played in the test game? END
START on what date did the second test game take place? END
START the second test game was played in what arena? END
START how many teams did the arena football league originally have? END
START along with the chicago bruisers, denver dynamite and pittsburgh gladiators, what team was one of the original afl teams? END
START what was the title of darrell davis in the afl? END
START what was darrell davis' nickname? END
START who was responsible for hiring the first coaches of the afl teams? END
START on what date was the inaugural game of the afl played? END
START along with the commandos, who played in the first arena football league game? END
START how many spectators watched the first arena football league game? END
START on what date was the first afl game that aired on television? END
START at what venue did the first televised arena football league game occur? END
START on what date did foster apply for a patent on arena football? END
START when did the united states patent and trademark office grant foster's patent? END
START on what date was the expiration of foster's patent? END
START with whom did foster file his patent? END
START in 1987, what television station sometimes showed arena football games? END
START in the early years of arena football, after what hour were games often aired? END
START what afl game was broadcast on abc? END
START in what year did abc broadcast an arena football league game? END
START on what abc program was an afl game shown? END
START who was the coach of the pittsburgh gladiators in 1989? END
START what day of the week was july 23, 1989? END
START who was the commissioner of the afl in 1989? END
START what paper featured a photograph of the head coach of the gladiators punching the commissioner of the afl? END
START in what arena were the gladiators playing the bruisers on july 23, 1989? END
START what team did art schlichter play for? END
START where did the detroit drive play their home games? END
START in what year did the drive go to their first arena bowl? END
START who owned the detroit drive in this period? END
START what team did the owner of the detroit drive buy that led him to sell the drive? END
START where did the drive franchise relocate to? END
START before what season did the drive move to a different state? END
START what is the name of the afl team based in tampa bay? END
START what team is cited as a rival of the tampa bay franchise? END
START what team was the rival of the arizona rattlers? END
START what notable event in the afl first occurred in 1993? END
START in what city and state did the 1993 all-star game occur? END
START what afl team would be based in des moines? END
START what conference lost the first all-star game? END
START how many points did the national conference score in the first all-star game? END
START what team did the new york cityhawks become after moving to hartford? END
START what city did the sea wolves move to? END
START how many seasons were the cityhawks in new york? END
START how long did the sea wolves stay in hartford? END
START how many seasons did the toronto phantoms last? END
START what afl team did kurt warner play for? END
START kurt warner was the most valuable player in what super bowl? END
START what nfl team did kurt warner play for? END
START what television network did the afl sign a deal with in 2000? END
START what was the name of the afl team based in new orleans? END
START how many games made up the afl season in 2003? END
START in what year did the rules first forbid players running out of bounds? END
START in what year was the arenabowl first played at a neutral location? END
START what year introduced the free substitution rule? END
START what year saw a rules change that had an impact on the role of the "jack" linebacker? END
START who was the commissioner of the arena football league for the first half of 2008? END
START for how many years did david baker serve as commissioner of the afl? END
START on what date did baker step down as commissioner of the afl? END
START what arena football league event occurred two days after baker's resignation? END
START who temporarily served in the commissioner's post after baker's departure? END
START what team shut down in october 2008? END
START who made the announcement that the voodoo were shutting down? END
START what business wanted to buy a stake in the afl? END
START how large a stake did platinum equity want to buy in the afl? END
START what publication announced the platinum equity business deal? END
START on what date was the dispersal draft first scheduled to occur? END
START to what date was the dispersal draft first delayed? END
START after the second delay, when was the dispersal draft schedule to occur? END
START when was free agency first scheduled to begin? END
START when was free agency scheduled to begin after the delay? END
START what numbered season did arenafootball2 in 2009? END
START in what month and year was it decided to suspend the 2009 arena football league season? END
START what national hockey league season was cancelled? END
START what led the national hockey league to cancel the 2004-2005 season? END
START who owned the columbus destroyers in 2008? END
START what was the job title of ed policy? END
START after ed policy resigned, what franchise closed? END
START how many weeks after policy's resignation did the avengers fold? END
START how long after the shuttering of the avengers did the league fail to ratify the new collective bargaining agreement? END
START what reason did policy give for his resignation? END
START on what date was it reported that the afl was considering bankruptcy? END
START what publication reported that the arena football league was thinking about filing bankruptcy? END
START how much debt was the afl reported to have as of july 20, 2009? END
START what type of bankruptcy was the league reportedly thinking about filing in july 2009? END
START on what date did the afl announce that it was not shutting down? END
START what percent of af2 was owned by the afl? END
START on what date was af2 regarded as disbanded? END
START what legal entity was created by af2 league owners? END
START along with the orlando predators, what former arena football league team joined af2? END
START what arena football league season was suspended? END
START who owned the dallas desperados? END
START when was an auction announced for the arena football league's assets? END
START when did the auction for the arena football league's assets take place? END
START who won the auction for the afl's assets? END
START what was the purchase price for the arena football league's assets? END
START on what date did af1 announce that it would be called the arena football league? END
START what television network was contracted to show arena football league games in 2010? END
START how many expansion teams were announced in 2010? END
START along with the dallas vigilantes, what expansion team was announced in 2010? END
START along with the new orleans voodoo, kansas city brigade, philadelphia soul and georgia force, what former team returned for the 2011 season? END
START along with the grand rapids rampage, colorado crush, columbus destroyers and los angeles avengers, what team did not return for the 2011 season? END
START what expansion team joined the league in 2011? END
START for what nfl team did lynn swann play? END
START what was the former name of the tampa bay storm? END
START what anniversary did the arena football league celebrate in 2012? END
START what was the first day of the 2015 afl season? END
START to what city did the tulsa talons relocate? END
START who bought the tampa bay storm in 2012? END
START what event resulted in the postponement of the afl free agency period? END
START on what date did the afl announce its title sponsorship deal? END
START what business was the title sponsor of the afl? END
START what was the league renamed after the title sponsorship deal? END
START when did the afl title sponsorship deal come to an end? END
START how many years did the afl title sponsorship deal last? END
START what was the name of the los angeles-based team added in 2013? END
START along with paul stanley, who owned the los angeles kiss? END
START other than the los angeles kiss, what expansion team entered in the league in 2013? END
START paul stanley and gene simmons are members of what musical group? END
START what band was vince neil a part of? END
START what was the name of the las vegas team owned by vince neil? END
START what was the original intended home field of the las vegas outlaws? END
START where did the outlaws play their home games? END
START along with the las vegas gladiators, what prior afl team played its home games at the thomas & mack center? END
START who was the first president of the afl? END
START what was jerry kurz's job title prior to being president of the afl? END
START who became commissioner of the afl after jerry kurz? END
START where did scott butera work prior to becoming afl commissioner? END
START what was scott butera's job title prior to becoming afl commissioner? END
START on what date was it reported that the las vegas outlaws were shutting down? END
START who first reported the closure of the new orleans voodoo? END
START on what date did the spokane shock leave the afl? END
START what rival league did the spokane shock join? END
START what was the name of the spokane shock after they joined the ifl? END
START what day of the week was october 30, 2015? END
START at what team's game was an announcement by the afl supposed to happen on october 30? END
START who worked as an afl spokesman during this period? END
START what prior afl franchise was based in austin? END
START along with the san antonio talons, what afl franchise did san antonio host at one time? END
START who were the defending champions of the arena football league? END
START when was it announced that the sabercats would be shutting down? END
START what was the reason given for the closing of the sabercats? END
START how many afl teams are operating as of 2016? END
START on what date did the afl take control of one of its teams? END
START what team did the league take control of? END
START who owned the trademark to the portland thunder? END
START who owned the desperados trademarks? END
START who is commissioner of the arena football league? END
START on what date did the league announce its schedule for 2016? END
START how many teams are active in the afl for 2016? END
START how many regular season games will each team play in 2016? END
START how many weeks will the 2016 regular season last? END
START on the weekend of what holiday will all teams have a bye? END
START where did arenabowl xx take place? END
START what arena was arenabowl xxi played in? END
START on what date was arenabowl xxi played? END
START in what month and year did hurricane katrina occur? END
START what team won arenabowl xxi? END
START a contract with what television network led to the discontinuation of exhibition games in the preseason? END
START how many games was the regular season in 1996? END
START how many games were played in the 2001 regular season? END
START how many games long was the 2011 regular season? END
START how many games will each team play in the 2016 regular season? END
START what league did the afl found in china? END
START when was the afl's china project announced? END
START who is leading the china american football league? END
START what television network does ron jaworski work for? END
START what team is ron jaworski the majority owner of? END
START who created ganlan media? END
START what company is martin judge the founder of? END
START in what year was afl global created? END
START in what month was an exhibition game planned for guangzhou? END
START who is the chief executive officer of the china american football league? END
START when does the cafl plan on start its first season? END
START when was the abortive first cafl season supposed to have taken place? END
START how many teams participated in the 2015 cafl tournament? END
START in what month did the cafl tournament occur? END
START in what month did the afl season originally begin? END
START after the tv deal, when was the start of the afl season moved to? END
START what days were afl games traditionally played on before the tv deal? END
START when were most of the afl's games played after the tv deal? END
START on what date did the business relationship between the afl and nbc end? END
START on what date did espn buy a minority share of the afl? END
START at minimum, how many regular season games did the afl agree to broadcast? END
START on what day would most of the games televised on the espn networks be played? END
START what network broadcast arenabowl xxi? END
START under the deal, how many afl playoff games did espn broadcast each year? END
START affiliates of what network broadcast arizona rattlers games? END
START what cable network did the afl sign a regional contract with? END
START after a hiatus, in what year did the afl begin operations again? END
START what cable television network signed a broadcast deal with the afl in 2010? END
START on what day would afl games be shown on nfl network? END
START what streaming service broadcast afl games that were not on nfl network? END
START what was the cost to watch afl games on ustream? END
START in what year did afl games temporarily cease to be broadcast on nfl network? END
START why did the temporary cessation of game broadcasts occur? END
START why did the nfl network begin to broadcast games again? END
START on what day was an afl game broadcast live on nfl network? END
START at what time of day was an afl game shown on fridays on nfl network? END
START who was the afl's 2013 national broadcast partner? END
START how many regular season games were shown by cbs sports network in 2013? END
START how many 2013 playoff games did cbssn broadcast? END
START on what channel was the 2013 arenabowl broadcast? END
START in 2013, on what day were arena football league games usually broadcast on cbs sports network? END
START who was the arena football league's 2014 broadcast partner? END
START what app were arena football league games broadcast on in 2014? END
START along with the espn networks, on what network were 2014 afl games broadcast? END
START on what channel could one watch arenabowl xxvii live? END
START what was the first arena football league video game? END
START for what system was the first arena football league video game released? END
START in what year was the first arena football league video game released? END
START on what date was kurt warner's arena football unleashed released? END
START who made kurt warner's arena football unleashed? END
START who wrote war on the floor: an average guy plays in the arena football league and lives to write about it? END
START in what year was war on the floor released? END
START what team did jeff foley play for? END
START how many games did jeff foley play in? END
START along with 1999, in what preseason did foley play for the firebirds?  END
START in what year did the afl begin operating under the single-entity model? END
START who owns the rights to the players under the single-entity model? END
START what model of ownership is commonly used in american professional sports? END
START what was the normal per game attendance of afl games in the 1990s? END
START along with the recession, what event is held to have decreased per-game attendance below 10,000? END
START what was the average per-game attendance in 2007? END
START in 2008, what was the average attendance for an afl game? END
START during the 2008 season, how many teams averaged more than 13,000 spectators per game? END
START what was the afl's average per-game attendance in 2010? END
START in the 2010 season, how many teams drew an average of more than 13,000 fans per game? END
START what team drew more than 13,000 fans per game in 2010? END
START what language is the word dialectus from? END
START from what language does the word dilektos come? END
START what does dilektos mean in english? END
START how many different types of linguistic phenomena is the term dialect used to describe? END
START how many distinct ways is the term dialect used? END
START in how many ways is the word linguistic used to refer to different phenomena? END
START what language does the word phenomena come from? END
START from which language does the word distinct originate? END
START which term is used in three distinct ways? END
START what is the common definition of dialect? END
START what is the term dialect most often applied to? END
START aside from region, what is an example of a factor that may influence dialect? END
START what is a term for a dialect particular to a social class? END
START what do you call a dialect particular to a certain ethnicity? END
START what can a region that is associated with a particular social class be called? END
START what can a region that is associated with a particular ethnic group be called? END
START what can a ethnolect that is associated with a particular regional dialect be called? END
START what does any variety of a linguist constitute? END
START which use is least common among linguists? END
START what is the other definition of the term dialect? END
START how does a dialect stand in relation to the standard language? END
START the regional romance languages in what country are sometimes referred to as dialects? END
START what are 20th century variations on standard italian called? END
START from what language did the regional romance languages of italy derive? END
START which variation of italian are known as national italian? END
START which language spread throughout italy during the 19th century? END
START what are 19th century variations of standard italian known as? END
START what are 20th century variations of standard english known as? END
START which languages of the 19th century evolved from vulgar latin? END
START along with grammar and pronunciation, what distinguishes a dialect? END
START if only the pronunciation differs from the standard language, what term is sometimes used? END
START what term is sometimes used for dialects that only differ in vocabulary? END
START along with slangs, patois and pidgins, what is another type of smiilar speech variety? END
START in which ways do dialects remain undistinguished?  END
START along with jargon and pronunciation, how is a dialect distinguished? END
START along with slang and grammar, how is a dialect distinguished? END
START what are a few examples of varieties in prosody? END
START what is the term for differences in slang? END
START what is another term for a standard or standardized dialect? END
START the support of what groups results in a dialect being standardized? END
START along with grammars and dictionaries, what publications help a dialect to become standardized? END
START standard philippine english is a standard dialect of of what language? END
START recognition from what body may help a dialect to become standardized? END
START what is the term for a dialect that remains unsupported by institutions? END
START there may be only one what associated with multiple languages? END
START standard british canadian is an example of a dialect of which language? END
START australian standard english  is an example of a dialect of which language? END
START standard british philippines is an example of a dialect of which language? END
START what does a nonstandard dialect usually not have compared to a standard dialect? END
START what language is scouse a dialect of? END
START what was created for the sake of comparing english dialects? END
START who came up with the dialect test? END
START along with a syntax and grammar, what attribute does a dialect possess? END
START unlike a standard dialect, what does a nonstandard dialect have? END
START unlike a nonstandard dialect, what does a standard dialect have? END
START a nonstandard dialect usually receives what type of support? END
START what are some examples of standard american english? END
START which test was designed by tyke to compare different english dialects? END
START in what country is limn creole english spoken? END
START on what coast of costa rica is limn creole english spoken? END
START speakers of limn creole english are descended from people of what nationality? END
START how many universally accepted criterion for distinguishing between two languages from two dialects are there? END
START where is jamaican creole spoken? END
START who speaks costa rican creole? END
START what does the position which costa rican linguists oppose depend on? END
START what does the position which jamaican linguists support depend on? END
START what trait is the most common way of determining if languages are dialects? END
START what is the term for when dialects a and b are mutually intelligible, dialect b and c are mutually intelligible, but dialects a and c are not mutually intelligible? END
START what is the definition of mutual intelligibility? END
START which is the most uncommon and purely linguistic criterion? END
START what is the term for two dialects of different languages that are intertwined? END
START what occurs when dialect a b and c are all mutual intelligible with another? END
START which is the most uncommon criterion for being a dialect of the same language? END
START what term refers to another way in which dialects are distinguished from languages? END
START under the linguistic authority criteria, what is a dialect of german along with bavarian german? END
START of what group of languages is yiddish a member? END
START why is yiddish not a dialect of german? END
START a less sociolinguistic notion, what is the term for another criterion for distinguishing dialects? END
START a more sociolinguistic notion, what is the term for another criterion for distinguishing german dictionarys? END
START under what authority would two varieties be considered dialects of different languages if they would refer to the same body with questions about their languages? END
START in which dictionary would a yiddish speaker look for questions regarding word usage? END
START which language is classified by linguists as being in the lower high german group? END
START according to most linguistics, who speaks a dialect? END
START what do only a few linguists believe people speak? END
START according to the least used definition, what does everyone speak? END
START what are used to distinguish between two varieties of different languages only? END
START what does the criteria believe everybody speaks? END
START who developed the abstand and ausbau languages framework? END
START in what year was the abstand and ausbau framework developed? END
START what sort of unification in speech communities did the abstand and ausbau framework discuss? END
START in which year did abstand and ausbau develop their framework? END
START by who was a framework developed in 1960 for describing speech communities? END
START in what year did heinz kloss develop a framework for describing dialects genetically? END
START who developed a framework for describing dialects genetically? END
START what did heinz kloss develop a framework for in 1927? END
START the language of the pennsylvania dutch is a dialect of what language? END
START which terms are always mutually exclusive? END
START what type of relationship do the terms pennsylvania and dutch have? END
START which dialect is the language of germany? END
START what type of relationship do the terms dialect and dutch have? END
START what term avoids distinguishing between languages and dialects? END
START what is the most common way of referring to a language without making the determination of whether it's a dialect or independent language? END
START along with variety and languoid, what is another term used for a language without determining its independent status? END
START which term distinguishes between dialects and languages? END
START which term distinguishes between dialects and languages but not variety? END
START which is the most uncommon term linguists use to avoid taking a position on the speech of a community? END
START which term distinguishes between dialects and languages but not position? END
START which term distinguishes between dialects and groups of languages? END
START with what social class it the standard dialect commonly associated? END
START what social status is the term "dialect" sometimes associated with? END
START what is another term for language varieties? END
START in certain context, which term refers to varieties with high social status? END
START the term proper refers to varieties with what type of social status? END
START what is another term for secondary sense? END
START the term variety refers to varieties with what type of social status? END
START which term refers to varieties with high social status? END
START what non-linguistic developments influence the status of a language? END
START what dialect is the language romansh similar to? END
START what language are mandarin and cantonese sometimes considered dialects of? END
START why might mandarin and cantonese not be regarded as dialects? END
START what is the status of language solely determined by? END
START along with alpine dialects, what else is the status of language determined by? END
START what types of development help to determine the status of mandarin? END
START lombardic is recognized as a language despite being close to which alpine dialect? END
START which variations of the chinese language have mutual intelligibility?  END
START what event is regarded as a landmark in the development of modern nationalism? END
START if possessing a language leads to a group being regarded as a separate people, what political arrangement presumably follows? END
START what political arrangement is associated with being a dialect-speaking sub-group? END
START along with political controversy, what can the distinction between a language and dialect sometimes lead to? END
START since which revolution has ancient nationalism especially been developed? END
START what has failed to make a distinction between the terms language and dialect? END
START on which basis is the distinction between language and dialect more often made? END
START what can the distinction between regional autonomy and dialect lead to? END
START what can the distinction between regional autonomy and the french revolution lead to? END
START max weinreich is a linguist of what language? END
START what does "a shprakh iz a dialekt mit an armey un flot" mean in english? END
START when did max weinrich write "a shprakh iz a dialekt mit an armey un flot"? END
START in what did the army-navy publish the phrase  "a language is a dialect with an army and navy"? END
START what is illustrated by the frequency by max weinreich published his expression? END
START which language is yivo bleter a linguist of? END
START max weinreich is what in relation to the yivo bleter language? END
START when is the term 'german dialects' used in regard to the german language? END
START what are traditional region varieties of german distinguished from? END
START which term is only used for nontraditional varieties? END
START which term is only used for national varieties? END
START in reference to modern varieties, what term is only used for traditional regional languages? END
START what does this allow the to remain undistinguished from? END
START because of this, what is ancient standard german distinguished from? END
START after what entities are german dialects traditionally named? END
START what do the german dialects show on a narrow spectrum? END
START what type of relationship do most german dialects have? END
START after who does german dialectology name minor dialect groups after? END
START it is assumed germanic tribes descended from what? END
START what type of dialects show have a narrow range of variation? END
START in what geographic part of germany are dialects more common? END
START in what geographic part of germany are dialects less frequently seen? END
START dialects are more frequently seen in the countryside as compared to what population centers? END
START in what environment are dialects less common? END
START in what environment are dialects more frequently heard? END
START where in southern germany are dialects less common? END
START what is more common in northern german than in the south? END
START what are more common in southern german than in the north? END
START what dialect of german is spoken in switzerland? END
START what dialect of german is rarely heard in switzerland? END
START aside from switzerland, what country speaks a dialect related to swiss german? END
START in which country is there a situation identical to the rest of the german speaking countries? END
START what is seldom spoken where german is used as a default everyday language? END
START which language do some standard german speakers perceive to be foreign? END
START the swiss german dialect is rarely spoken in which two countries? END
START in which two countries is standard german used everyday? END
START what type of language was low german in the middle ages? END
START why are low german varieties regarded as dialects of standard german? END
START what is often not included when counting german dialects? END
START in which country are the middle age varieties spoken? END
START when did high german have a strong tendency towards being an ausbau language? END
START when did low german have a weak tendency towards being an ausbau language? END
START what are high german varieties often included with? END
START what are italian dialects termed in the italian language? END
START what language are many italian dialects derived from? END
START what does 'dialetti' mean in italian? END
START why might italian dialects be regarded as independent languages rather than dialects of standard italian? END
START which country is home to lots of native regional majority languages? END
START most of italy's languages have what kind of base along with shared variants? END
START what is another german term for dialects? END
START according to linguistics, most national languages in italy are not dialects but what? END
START rather than an individual languages, what are most regional languages in italy better referred to as? END
START what is a major reason why the latin-based regional romance languages of italy should be regarded as independent languages rather than dialects of each other? END
START from what region of italy does the eastern lombard dialect hail? END
START what language family does eastern lombard belong to? END
START what type of language is sicilian? END
START what language was spoken by lombard immigrants to sicily? END
START rather than separate languages, what are the romance languages better classified as? END
START where is western lombard spoken? END
START with who would a sicilian speaker have a lesser degree of mutual intelligibility? END
START with who would a sicilian speaker have a lesser degree of mutual unintelligibility? END
START which language developed in popular lombard communities in the same place as the sicilian language? END
START what language is modern standard italian derived from? END
START what language is florentine tuscan based on? END
START during what century did florentine tuscan begin to be used in poetry? END
START what socioeconomic class used the florentine tuscan language in dante's time? END
START from what region of italy did florentine tuscan derive? END
START what is florentine tuscan language based on? END
START since when has giovanni boccaccio been used in poetry and literature?  END
START since when has dadnte alighieri been used in poetry and literature?  END
START since when has niccolo machiavelli been used in poetry and literature?  END
START since when has petrarch been used in poetry and literature?  END
START what italian nationalist spoke of the importance of a national italian language? END
START during what period was the importance of having an italian national language raised? END
START in what decade was italy unified? END
START what percentage of italians spoke standard italian when italy was first unified? END
START when italy was unified, what was named the official national language? END
START during what period were proponents of italian unification stressing the importance of establishing a uniform national language? END
START when did alessandro manzoni stress the importance of creating an italian state? END
START during which decade was italy de-unified? END
START when did risorgimento become the official language of the new italian state? END
START during what war did a large number of italian men first learn standard italian? END
START along with radio and public education, what invention helped to diffuse standard italian among the italian population? END
START in modern italy, what class of people are regional languages sometimes associated with? END
START along with formal settings, where do some italians avoid speaking their regional language? END
START aside from when they're speaking to italians from their same town or region, where is a common place where italians speak their regional language? END
START what language do many italians speak today as opposed to their regional language? END
START what is never associated with being lower class? END
START what is never associated with being uneducated? END
START what is never associated with being boorish? END
START what is never associated with being overly informal? END
START regional italian dialects are often influenced by regional languages and what other language? END
START what do italians in different regions never speak? END
START what is another term for national italian dialects? END
START what dialect is regional italian heavily influenced by native languages? END
START what is another term for varieties of standard italian? END
START the majority of italian languages are dialects of what? END
START what language family do most of the languages of italy belong to? END
START what language are most languages of italy derived from? END
START aside from italo-dalmatian, what is another term for the group that italian languages belong to? END
START which family do the least widely spoken languages fall into? END
START what type of languages are the languages of italo-dalmation? END
START which languages are primarily dalmation languages? END
START romance languages are the primary language of which family? END
START campidanese sardinian is a variant of what language? END
START what language is sassarese closely related to? END
START what language family does gallurese belong to? END
START what language family does ligurian belong to? END
START where is the catalan algherese dialect spoken? END
START which language is considered to be it's only sardinian language family? END
START which language does the campidanese sardinian variant include? END
START where are romance, gallurese and sassarese also spoken? END
START which languages are not considered to be related to the italian tuscon language? END
START where is the romance algherese dialect spoken? END
START along with british english, what is the major variant of the english language? END
START what are the two major variants of serbo-croatian? END
START are british and american english regarded as distinct languages, or dialects of a single language? END
START do regional linguists treat serbian and croation as distinct languages or as dialects of a single language? END
START why are serbian and croatian often treated like distinct languages? END
START what is can be controversial with consistent verdicts? END
START which languages are not spoken by political allies? END
START which languages are not spoken by military allies? END
START serbian and american english are the major variants of which language? END
START british english and croatian american are the major variants of which language? END
START along with serbian, with what language is macedonian mutually intelligible? END
START what dialect continuum does macedonian belong to? END
START what do bulgarian linguists regard the macedonian language as? END
START in what year was a macedonian literary standard established? END
START in what country is macedonian most commonly spoken? END
START with which language is macedonian mutually unintelligible?  END
START in what year was there a literary standard of bulgarian developed? END
START when was a standard of serbian developed in macedonia? END
START in what year was there a literary standard of slavic developed? END
START lebanese people of what religion sometimes consider lebanese to be a distinct language? END
START in what language are lebanese laws written? END
START during the lebanese civil war, what language did lebanese christians sometimes use officially? END
START what language is lebanese closely related to? END
START what script did lebanese christians sometimes use to write lebanese arabic during the civil war? END
START where is lebanese considered a dialect and not a distinct language? END
START during which war did christians us latin exclusively? END
START in which form are all christian laws written? END
START in which form may latin script be conducted? END
START in which form is lebanese script written? END
START along with morocco and tunisia, in what country are the darijas spoken? END
START what is the liturgical language of islam? END
START in what language is the qur'an written? END
START what does the term dariajs refer to? END
START what is the dominant religion of north africa? END
START where are the darijas considered the same as other arabic dialects? END
START which countries tend to give preference to the darijas? END
START in which language is the darijas written? END
START what is the language of folk-tale books? END
START which language is the liturgical language of social media? END
START during what century did the russian government claim that ukrainian was a russian dialect? END
START what russian government claimed that ukrainian was not a distinct language? END
START the conquest of western ukraine by what country altered the language of ukraine? END
START when did the russian empire claim the tsarist language was a language on its own? END
START during which century did the ukraine claim that tsarist was simply a dialect of russian? END
START by who was the polish-lithuanian commonwealth conquered?  END
START to which dialects were ukrainian dialects substantially similar? END
START what nation conquered ukraine during the first world war? END
START what alliance defeated the german empire in world war i? END
START what ukrainian political group was involved in the defeat of the german empire? END
START who did the ukrainian bolsheviks conquer the ukraine from? END
START during which war did the ukraine conquer the german empire? END
START when was the ukraine planning on installing a puppet king?  END
START who defeated the entente during world war i? END
START by who was the entente conquered during world war i? END
START who conquered the ukraine during world war ii? END
START after what war did moscow begin to repress the ukrainian language? END
START why did moscow begin to repress the ukrainian language? END
START why did ukrainians collaborate with the axis? END
START what happened to moscow policy after world war i? END
START when did the ukraine change its policy towards repression of the moscow language? END
START when did collaboration between moscow and the axis powers cause the ukraine to change policies? END
START whose collaboration caused moscow to change its policy regarding independence?  END
START who was in collaboration with moscow? END
START in what country is the surzhyk dialect spoken? END
START surzhyk is a dialect intermediate between the ukrainian language and what other language? END
START the boundaries between which languages are clearly known? END
START what is the name for the intermediate dialect formed between surzhyk and the russian language? END
START what is the name for the intermediate dialect formed between surzhyk and the ukranian language? END
START what is the name for the intermediate dialect developing in russia? END
START who was the president of moldova in 1996? END
START in what year was a moldovan-romanian dictionary published? END
START fear of what caused the moldovan parliament to reject changing the name of the country's language to romanian in 1996? END
START who was the head of the academy of sciences of moldova? END
START political purposes have been reclassified to deliberately do what? END
START when did the moldovan parliament approve a proposal from president snegur? END
START when was president moldovan's proposal rejected by parliament? END
START what did the academy of science declare regarding moldovan words? END
START when was the romanian-academy dictionary published? END
START from what did chinese characters derive? END
START what is another name for the yue language? END
START hakka is a language from what geographic part of china? END
START from the time of the ming dynasty, what city was the capital of china? END
START at its founding. what was the official language of the republic of china? END
START what do chinese characters use to give hints to pronunciation? END
START what is another name for the xiang language?   END
START where is macau the most commonly used language? END
START which language is the most commonly used in cantonese? END
START what do most languages use to indicate varieties? END
START from the perspective of historical linguists, what are romance languages dialects of? END
START what do many historical linguists consider modern greek to be a dialect of? END
START from what language is north germanic derived? END
START tok pisin might be regarded as a dialect of what language? END
START what do few historical linguists view any speech form as? END
START according to this few, what language is latin a dialect of? END
START according to this few, what language is ancient greek a dialect of? END
START according to this few, what language is old norse a dialect of? END
START according to this few, what language is english a dialect of? END
START italian is significantly mutually comprehensible with what other romance language? END
START with what romance language does spanish not have a high degree of mutual comprehensibility? END
START what is the reason for french and italian not being very mutually comprehensible? END
START this pattern is particularly lacking among which modern languages? END
START which languages have a low degree of  mutual comprehensibility? END
START what do both the italian and spanish languages share with the french language? END
START what is french-spanish and spanish-italian mutual incomprehensibility due to? END
START which two languages share numerous root words that aren't even in the romance language? END
START what italian word is similar to the french word "avoir"? END
START what french word is similar to the italian word "essere"? END
START what two languages have the possibility for significant mutual intelligibility? END
START along with foods and family relationships, what sorts of words are similar in french and italian? END
START when forming compound tenses in spanish, what auxiliary is no longer used? END
START in italian and french which words are very different while the same words are similar in spanish? END
START which two languages have undergone more change than french regarding phonological structures? END
START what spanish word is similar to the italian word avere? END
START which spanish word is similar to the italian word essere? END
START which italian term is similar to avoir? END
START what language could all western languages be considered dialects of? END
START researchers at what organization study and develop interlingua? END
START what was the nationality of high school students who learned interlingua in a notable linguistic experiment? END
START along with italian and spanish, what language could swedish interlingua learners translate? END
START along with standard average european, from what concept was interlingua derived? END
START which language was developed to aid eastern civilization languages in acting as dialects? END
START what is the name of the language that was created to help western languages act as english? END
START what has interlingua been found to be a detriment to? END
START according to one study, students learning spanish were able to translate passages from which languages that other students could not? END
START which languages' vocabulary does not reach beyond the western family of languages? END
START where is bern located?  END
START how many municiplaities are in bern? END
START bern is the capitol of which canton? END
START where does bern rank in population in switzerland? END
START what is the official language of bern? END
START where is the unesco world heritage site? END
START where does bern rank for top cities for the best quality of life? END
START when did the centre of bern become the unesco world heritage site? END
START what animal is on the seal and coat of arms of bern? END
START what live animals did they keep in the brengraben? END
START what is the earliest that they kept live bears in the brengraben? END
START when was the earliest evidnce of settlement in the city centre? END
START what era was there a gallo-roman vicus on the same site? END
START what is the name of the bern zinc tablet? END
START when was the settlement in bumpliz close to the medieval city? END
START the medieval city is a foundation of what family? END
START when did the zahringer ruling family rise to power? END
START where did the zahringer ruling family rise to power? END
START what year was bern founded? END
START who founded bern? END
START what year did bern join the swiss confederacy? END
START how many cantons were there between 1353 to 1481? END
START what year did bern invade aargau? END
START what is the largest city-state north of the alps? END
START what river was the city near? END
START what was the name of the tower that was the western boundary? END
START what tower took over after zytglogge? END
START what did the big and small schanze protect? END
START what year was there a huge fire? END
START what was destroyed in the fire? END
START what year was bern occupied by french troops? END
START why were french troops in bern? END
START when did bern regain control of bernese oberland? END
START what new territory was aquired in 1814? END
START when did the canton of jura seceed? END
START what congresses were held in bern? END
START in world war i, what side was switzerland on? END
START what percent of the populatin of bern resident foreigners? END
START where is bern located? END
START what helped form the bern countryside? END
START what is the tallest mountain closests to bern? END
START what peninsula is bern located on? END
START what was built to help bern grow bigger than the peninula? END
START what century did bern outgrow the peninsula? END
START what type of ground was bern built on? END
START what is the elevation difference between the inner cities and the other cities? END
START which city is higher, matte or langgasse? END
START what is 33.6% of the land in bern? END
START when was the last time the area of bern was measured? END
START how does the government of bern operate? END
START how many councilors are there? END
START who is bern's mayor, or stadtprasident? END
START how after are the elections? END
START where is the executive body held? END
START who has the majority of the seats in bern's city council? END
START what party also had the mayor as of 2015? END
START what is the christian democratic party also known as? END
START who holds the legislative power? END
START how many members are part of the city parliament? END
START how often are elections held for the city parliament? END
START are the sessions of city parliament private or public? END
START which party has the absolute majority of the seats? END
START how many seats are there? END
START which specific party has the most members in the city parliament? END
START what is the population of bern? END
START what percent of the population are resident foreign nationals? END
START what was the population change from 2000 and 2010? END
START what counted for more of the population change? END
START what is the main lanuage of bern? END
START what is the second most common language? END
START what percent of the population speaks german? END
START what did the city decide again? END
START when did they have a temporary twinned city? END
START what was the twinning city with bern in 2008? END
START what country is salzburg in? END
START how many swiss men live in bern? END
START what percent of the population is born somewhere else in switzerland? END
START what percent were born outside of switzerland? END
START what percent of the population are 19 years old and under? END
START what percent of the population are between 20-64? END
START what percent of the population are over 64 years old? END
START what age group has most of the population included? END
START how many people were single in bern in 2000? END
START how many people were married in bern in 2000? END
START how many people were widows or widowers in bern in 2000? END
START where there more married or single people in bern in 2000? END
START what is the average of people per household in bern? END
START how many households have 5 or more people living in them? END
START what percentage of the apartment homes in bern were occupied in 2000? END
START what percent of apartments are seasonal apartments? END
START what was the average price to rent an average apartment in bern? END
START what was the vacancy rate for bern in 2010? END
START what percent of the population were roman catholic? END
START how much of the population is jewish in bern? END
START how many muslims were there in bern in 2000? END
START how much of the population had no religion? END
START the structure of bern's city centre is mainly what type of buildings? END
START what does unesco recognised bern's city center to be? END
START what is berns most famous site? END
START what is the name of the 15th century cathedral? END
START what type of cathedral is muster? END
START what is the barengraben? END
START where is the barengraben located? END
START what are held at the barengraben? END
START who gave bern their bears? END
START what zoo are the bears of bern kept? END
START where is the national parliment housed? END
START what is the federal palace called? END
START where is albert einstein live? END
START what was published the same years? END
START what is the flat that einstein called? END
START what is the rose garden also known as? END
START what can you see from the rose garden? END
START what was the rosarium converted into? END
START what year was the rosarium converted? END
START where are the statues at in the old town? END
START who does the kindlifresserbrunnen scare? END
START who created all the statues except the zahringer fountain? END
START what does the unesco consider the entre old town? END
START when was the biggest cathedral in switzerland built? END
START what is the largest swiss reformed church in switzerland? END
START who is attributed to the 11 fountains in old town? END
START what subtitles are included in the movies? END
START what year was the football world cup final in bern? END
START who won the game? END
START what football team is based in bern? END
START what is the major hockey league team of bern? END
START where do they play? END
START what year was the iihf ice hockey world championship held in bern? END
START what year did bern want to host the winter olympics? END
START what year did they withdraw their bid? END
START where were the 2010 winter olympics held? END
START what was berns unemployment rate in 2010? END
START how many businesses are there in the primary sector? END
START how many businesses are there in the secondary sector? END
START how many businesses are there in the tertiary sector? END
START how many full time jobs were there in 2008? END
START how many jobs in the primary sector were agrictulture? END
START how many jobs in the primary sector were in forestry or lumber production? END
START how many jobs are in the secondary sector? END
START how many jobs are in the tertiary secotr? END
START how many workers commute into the municipality? END
START how many workers had to commute away from the municipality? END
START how much of the working population uses public transportation? END
START how many of the working population use private cars? END
START where are the majority of the buildings for the university of bern? END
START what percent of the population has completed non-mandatory upper secondary education? END
START what percent of the population has completed additionaly higher education? END
START the majority of the population to finish tertiary schooling in bern are what people? END
START do you have to go to the one year of kindergarten? END
START what seperates the children in secondary school? END
START how many students were attending school during the 2009-2010 school year? END
START how many kindergarten classes were there? END
START how many primary classes were there? END
START how many lower secondary classes were there? END
START how many libraries are in bern? END
START how many pupils lived in another municipality? END
START how many pupils attended school outside of the city? END
START what connects marzili to bundeshaus? END
START how long is the marzilibah funicular? END
START what is the second shortest public railway in europe? END
START what is the shortest public railway in europe? END
START what is the name of bern's airport? END
START what is the name of the regional airport? END
