START under what prussian king did the german empire unite as a nation-state? END
START what was the date of the treaty of frankfurt? END
START the treaty of frankfurt gave germany which imperial territory? END
START following the unification of germany, who maintained great authority in international affairs for two decades? END
START which specific fear was a factor in causing world war i? END
START what telegram had the intended effect on french public opinion? END
START following the ems telegram, what reaction did the french foreign minister report that he felt? END
START in parliament, who was the leader of the monarchists? END
START which french prime minister believed he had done all that he could to prevent a war? END
START on which date did france issue a declaration of war to the prussian government? END
START in which battle did the dreyse needle gun gain its fame? END
START at the start of the franco-prussian war, what was the age of the dreyse gun's design? END
START what was the dreyse rifle's tactical range? END
START what was the name of the famous cannon issued to prussian soldiers at the time? END
START what type of shell did the krupp weapon fire? END
START what was the date of the first action of the franco-prussian war? END
START on that date, which elements were assisted by prussian artillery forces? END
START who initially held a strong position during the battle at the border?  END
START douay's initial success was credited by what? END
START what threatened the french avenue of retreat? END
START what factor were the french unaware of at the start of the battle? END
START which french commander miscalculated the severity of the battle? END
START what was a key factor in frossard's disasterous retreat to the south? END
START what factor was credited to the large number of german casualties? END
START what outcome surprised the germans the following day? END
START on which date was the battle of gravelotte? END
START which battle was considered the biggest in the war? END
START where was the location of the battle of gravelotte?  END
START under which field marshall were the combined german forces commanded? END
START who commanded the french army of the rhine? END
START what factor forced the french to retreat to metz? END
START at metz, what was the approximate number of prussian troops? END
START who formed the new french army of chalons? END
START along with the army of the meuse, what other army did moltke march north with? END
START how many casualties did moltke suffer at beaumont? END
START at the start of the war, which country did european public opinion champion? END
START in which city did many italians attempt to proffer their services to the prussian embassy? END
START what caused a dramatic shift in italian sentiment toward the war? END
START to whom is the quote, "rescue the french republic by every means" attributed? END
START what army did garibaldi gain command of in france? END
START on which date did hostilities between the german and french troops begin near orleans? END
START which side was initially successful at the battle of coulmiers? END
START on which date did the french triump over the germans at the battle of coulmiers? END
START on which date were the french forced to abandon orleans? END
START of the three battles that occured north of paris, which was the first that forced the french army to retreat? END
START what was public opinion in paris strongly opposed to? END
START on what date did president trochu resign? END
START who replaced president trochu? END
START in which french city was the surrender made official? END
START who disregarded the surrender and launched a failed attack on the germans? END
START what stunned neutral observers about the end of the war? END
START what outcome had most people expected from the war? END
START whose strategic advantages were not appreciated until after the war over? END
START what german advantages were discerned by other countries in the aftermath?  END
START what is at least one german innovation that other countries would later adopt in other wars? END
START the effect of german victory and ensuing influence stems back to what factor? END
START what was the prussian general staff quick to utilize at the onset of the war? END
START what was one factor behind the inefficiency of the french railway system? END
START what factor especially affected travel to the front in alsace and lorraine? END
START who was responsible for dealing with chaotic train yards and unloaded wagons? END
START who commanded the prussian 12 cavalry brigade? END
START what did general von bredow lead a charge against at the battle of mars-la-tour? END
START what did von bredow's pyrrhic victory become known as? END
START what military tactic proved to be unsuccessful on the 1914 battlefields? END
START what was one of two factors that led von bredow's narrow success on the battlefield? END
START in which prussian province did a large polish population reside? END
START what was there strong support of in posen? END
START what calls were made for the polish recruits? END
START on what date did bismarkck receive the disturbing report on the posen situation? END
START what significant consequence was a result of german-polish relations? END
START what are the causes of the franco-prussian war deeply rooted in? END
START in the aftermath of the austro-prussian war, formed what group? END
START what was the effect of that new group on the european balance of power? END
START what established the european balance of power in 1815? END
START as prussia sought to incorporated several german kingdoms, what stance did france assume? END
START in peacetime, what the approximate number of french soldiers? END
START veterans of the french army had prviously fought in which war in italy? END
START the "seven weeks war" was between which two countries? END
START who reformed the low numbers of troops by implementing universal conscription? END
START if a citizen was for some reason not conscripted, in what militia were they were registered? END
START what entity controlled the prussian army? END
START who commanded the general staff? END
START what was the unique purpose of the prussian army during peacetime? END
START the officers of the general staff were hand-selected from which place? END
START what new technologies in particular were courted by moltke? END
START on which date did frossard's and bazaines's troops cross the german border? END
START which regiment did their respective corps force from the town of saarbrucken? END
START what proved its worth against the dreyse rifle? END
START how many casualties did the french suffer at saarbrucken? END
START how many casualties did the prussians suffer at saarbrucken? END
START what diplomatic crisis was bismarck credited with skillfully creating?  END
START a dispatch was edited about a meeting between the french ambassador and what prussian king? END
START what was the purpose of editing the dispatch? END
START on which date did the french parliament vote to declare war on prussia? END
START where did the quickly mobilised troops first invade in france? END
START which town's people surrendered to the germans? END
START in which direction did the french troops who did not surrender head? END
START how many dead troops leave behind? END
START how many prisoners did the french leave behind? END
START what weapon once again increased the effectiveness of the infantry attacks? END
START what is the franco-prussian war also known as? END
START what was the war often referred to in france as? END
START in the conflict, who lead the german states of the north german confederation? END
START whose ambitions are credited with causing the conflict? END
START which prussian chancellor's motives in the conflict are still disputed? END
START in whose cadidacy did the immediate cause of war reside? END
START what did france fear by an alliance between prussia and spain? END
START who goaded the french into war by editing a telegram sent by william i? END
START what was the name of the famous telelgram? END
START what was the reaction of the french people to the deceptively crafted offense in the ems dispatch? END
START what battle began when two armies collided in the town of froschwiller? END
START on what date did the battle of worth begin? END
START what was the estimated number of troops in prussia's 3rd army? END
START what number of troops did france have to contend with? END
START instead of pursuing the french as they retreated, the germans decided to remain where? END
START in which country was a war against france condsidered desirable? END
START what was the overarching prussian motive in starting a war with france? END
START who had no doubts that a franco-german war was totally necessary? END
START who did bismarck feel needed to be viewed as the aggressor in the conflict? END
START in bringing the southern german states to align with prussia, what tactical outcome was achieved? END
START on what date did the battle begin? END
START who order the first and second armies to advance against the french? END
START which general opened the battle with artillery from the 25th infantry division? END
START who did the battle first appear to favor? END
START who was the commander of the first army? END
START what modern, mass-produced weapon were the french infantry provided? END
START what was the maximum effective range of the chassepot rifle? END
START in which type of warfare did the french best utilize the chassepot? END
START what precedent of the machine gun did the french troops also possess? END
START on what was the mitrailleuse mounted? END
START on which date did the battle begin with the army of chalons attacking various prussian divisions? END
START who commanded the french v corps in reserve? END
START as the french were hard-hit by the prussian artillery, what continued to show up to the battlefield? END
START which commander of the french calvary led three desperate attacks on floing? END
START how many casualties did the french suffer? END
START pre-war, who planned for a strong french offensive? END
START from thionville towards trier, what was the final destination of the offensive? END
START niel's plan was cast aside in favour of a plan by general frossard and what other general?? END
START the new plan called for which army to remain in a defensive grouping at the german border? END
START which disaster made french planning supremely essential? END
START which general was determined to go on the attack over saar? END
START planning for the next battle was less based on emotion and more focused on what? END
START who told leboeuf that supply beyond the saar would be impossible? END
START what did the french armies decide on to protect against every possible attack point? END
START what army's defeats turned gambetta to the army of the north? END
START who led the army of the north? END
START several smaller victories were acheived by the protection of what? END
START the belt of fortresses were in what area of france? END
START this position in the north allowed whose men to launch fast attacks against prussian units? END
START what odds were at stake for the attack launched by the iii corps? END
START what town were the iii corps able to capture? END
START in capturing vionville, what was further blocked in the west? END
START with battle at metz, what factor shattered the efforts of iii corps? END
START the germans recorded how many causualties in the battle? END
START which prince ordered an artillery attack against canrobert? END
START which army's defeat compelled prince charles to attack? END
START as the second army pushed into ravine, the xii corps cleared out which adjacent town? END
START the surving soldiers of the 1st guards infantry division launched a new attack against what? END
START which army was forced to retreat to metz and surrender two months later? END
START a blockade of what coastline was ordered by the french government at the start of the war? END
START the small north german navy had how many ironclads at their disposal? END
START what was the name of the only turret ship that was able to conduct operations? END
START how many ships was the french navy able to dispatch to sea? END
START in pursuing prussian ships, what resource was quickly depleted? END
START which battle was the second of three key french losses? END
START on what date did the battle of spicheren take place? END
START moltke had originally planned to kee bazaine's army on what river? END
START which general's zeal and lack of planning led to cutting off prince charles from his calvary? END
START which town was the site of general von steinmetz's grave error? END
START the general staff developed by moltke proved to be what? END
START what was key factor did the prussian general staff study? END
START what was the goal in the general staff studying past operations? END
START the structure also reinforced moltke's ability control large formations spread out over what? END
START who is essentially considered the commander in chief of the prussian army? END
START what did the germans expect to negotiate? END
START on what date was the encirclement of paris complete? END
START bismarck and favre met on what date? END
START what was the location of bismarck and favre's meeting? END
START bismarck demanded the surrender of strasbourg and what fortress city? END
START by late afternoon, what were the prussian southern attacks at risk of? END
START which prussian general commanded the attack against the french at st. privat? END
START what factor immobilised the prussian guard? END
START by nightfall a major component of the vii and vii corps withdrew towards what prussian position? END
START what did the prussian army hold in paris on 17 february? END
START under what provision was the prussian army permitted to have a victory parade? END
START to hounour the armistice, bismarck allowed train loads of what into paris? END
START france had to consent to pay how much in war indemnity? END
START an ensuing mass exodus from paris saw how many people head for the countryside? END
START whose surrender hit paris as big news? END
START which empire was overthrown by a popular uprising in paris? END
START the uprising forced a proclamation of what? END
START how did the new government refer to itself? END
START bismarck desired an early piece but lacked what in the negotiation process? END
START a series of prussian and german victories took place in what part of france? END
START what seige did these victories lead to? END
START what battle was a result of the prussian and german victories in eastern france? END
START which army definitively defeated napolean iii? END
START on what date did the government of national defence declare the the third republic in paris? END
START some historians counter that napolean iii sought what? END
START napoleon iii belived he would win the astro-prussian war and win a conflict with what country? END
START it is also argued that napoleon iii thought a war would resolve the growing issue of what? END
START before the war, french voters overwhelming supported what program of napoleon iii? END
START who proposed that emperor needed no war to increase his public appeal? END
START what did napoleon iii plan to relieve pressure from an expected german attack? END
START what country were the french hoping to be allied with? END
START what military strength could denmark to france in a war? END
START what had prussia been discovered building around big north german ports? END
START what did the french navy lack in engaging coastal defenses? END
START what was the prussian army composed of, instead of regulars? END
START service was mandatory for all men sharing which feature? END
START together, prussia and germany expected to amass how many soldiers? END
START german tactics relied on what type of battle strategy? END
START what is an example of a german encirclement battle? END
START what prussian system was superior to the french example? END
START prussian military officers were trained to exude what type thinking? END
START what commander of the general staff held the expectaion of independent thinking in his officers? END
START what did the french dearth of an education and promotion system stifle? END
START which military historian criticized the french system as being defective? END
START what aspect of the chassepot was superior to the german needle gun? END
START what french weapon was considered a rough prototype of the first machine gun?  END
START how many barrels did the mitrailleuse feature? END
START what was the range of the mitrailleuse? END
START treating the mitrailleuse like what rendered it far less effective END
START the french marines and naval infantry were dispatched to reinforce what? END
START the french navy fell captive where? END
START who also was captured at sedan? END
START the autumn storms of what sea forced the return of yet more french ships? END
START on which rough date did the french navy abandon their blockade? END
START which marshal was closest to wissembourg? END
START how many divisions did macmahon command? END
START over how many miles did macmahon's divisions cover? END
START whose conduct made a bad situation worse? END
START what group did general ducrot command? END
START what became highly politicised during the war? END
START in what type of neighborhoods did the occur especially? END
START what did the national guard refuse to wear? END
START what did the national guard refuse to obey? END
START on which dates did la semaine sanglante occur in paris? END
START who commanded the french army at the battle of worth? END
START which german divisison did macmahon engage? END
START who commanded the german 1st army? END
START what did a german patrol spot that led them to believe that frossard had retreated? END
START whose plan did german armies ignore in attacking frossard? END
START who were the casualties especially terrible for? END
START what was the grand total of german casualties and those missing in action? END
START what were the number of french killed and wounded? END
START what was the number of french prisoners? END
START what did most prussians fall under? END
START what was the republican government amenable to? END
START who declared that france would not yield "an inch of its territory?" END
START who was favre speaking on behalf of? END
START when did favre make the declaration concerning colonial territories? END
START what did this cause the republic to renew? END
START who was the prussian minister of war? END
START what was the time span that von roon acted as minister? END
START he instituted a series of what regarding the prussian military? END
START what was the first step in the reforms? END
START what was the second reform? END
START what type of artillery were the french equipped with? END
START what newer artillery were prussians using? END
START what did the french believe was overly wasted in artillery with a higher rate of fire? END
START the prussian artillery batteries had what percentage more of guns than the french? END
START what was the typical range that prussian guns could fire? END
START on what date did the government of national defence negotiate an armistice? END
START with whom did the french government negotiate? END
START what consequence of war were parisians suffering? END
START which french minister traveled to versailles to discuss peace? END
START what was the date on which jfarve and bismarck met? END
START how many were killed by the communards? END
START which religious official was also killed during the fighting? END
START what type of buildings were especially targeted to be burned down? END
START what famous palace was also burned down? END
START what is the rough estimate of the number of people killed? END
START at the start of the war, how many german troops were focused on the french frontier? END
START how many french troops were available to stand again the germans? END
START what is the literal meaning of the prussian word "kreis?" END
START what did the french military numbers suffer from the most? END
START the events of the franco-prussian war had great influence on what? END
START lessons garnered from the war included recognizing the need for what kind of system? END
START who adopted the prussian artillery tactics in 1914? END
START what was the french 75 optimised to directly support? END
START evidence from what war suggested the increased benefits of smokeless poweder rifles? END
START a unified german empire ended the balance of power in which congress? END
START at the end of the napoleonic wars, germany had established itself as what, in continental europe? END
START who remained the dominant world power at this time? END
START british involvement in european matters in the late 19th century was considered what? END
START the crown prince's marriage to whom was considered the most prominent of german-british royal liasons? END
START a surge in hormone production triggers a number of physical changes during what stage of life? END
START which gland secretes a surge of hormonal agents into the blood stream? END
START which part of the body releases testosterone in males? END
START which part of the body relesases estrogen in females? END
START an imbalance in sex hormones, tissue responsiveness, or obesity can cause what in boys? END
START what is the cultural purpose of adolescence? END
START what is the transitional period between childhood and adulthood viewed as? END
START is adolescence a period of one transition or multiple transitions? END
START what transitions occur during puberty in addition to living circumstances? END
START how do a person's heart and lungs change during puberty? END
START increased size and capacity of the heart and lungs result in what changes to the body? END
START which sex tends to develop larger hearts and lungs? END
START which sex tends to have more red blood cells than the other? END
START which body system are a person's lungs a major proponent of? END
START is a person's brain fully developed by the time they reach puberty? END
START the brain reaches what percentage of its adult size by the time a person is six years old? END
START the biggest changes in the brain during puberty occur in the parts of the cortex that process what kinds of information? END
START what parts of the brain continue to become more complex into the late teens? END
START the brain reaches 90% of its adult size by the time a person reaches what year of age? END
START which neuromodulator is involved in regulation of mood and behavior? END
START are the effects of serotonin limited to the limbic system? END
START serotonin is a neuromodulator that is involved in regulation of what? END
START which system in the brain determines rewards and punishments, emotional experiences, and social information? END
START which two neurotransmitters cause adolescents to be more emotional and more responsive to rewards and stresses? END
START are adolescents or children more bound to concrete events? END
START deductive reasoning leads to the development of what type of thinking? END
START what type of thinking provides the ability to plan ahead and makes adolescents more skilled debaters? END
START adolescents develop a more sophisticated understanding of what mathematical concept thanks to their increased hypothetical thinking abilties? END
START are sexual actvity and risky behaviors more likely in boys that mature early or later? END
START increased aggresiveness and early sexual maturation in adolescent boys are due to a surge of what? END
START are early or late maturing boys generally taller and stronger than their friends? END
START what is one reason a late maturing boy may be less confident when comparing himself to others? END
START how is wisdom defined? END
START wisdom increases between age fourteen and what? END
START is wisdom the same thing as intelligence? END
START do adolescents perform significantly better on iq tests than other age groups? END
START what word is defined as the capacity for insight and judgement that is developed through experience? END
START how is adolescence defined biologically? END
START how is adolescence defined cognitively? END
START changes to sex organs, height, weight, and muscle mass are examples of which type of change? END
START increases in knowledge and the ability to think abstractly are examples of which kind of change? END
START who founded the university of california, berkeley's institude of human development? END
START what year was the university of california, berkeley's instutute of human development founded? END
START what was the univerity of california, berkeley's institute of human development formerly called? END
START what year was the oakland growth study initiated? END
START what year did data for the oakland growth study stop being collected? END
START what is a male's major landmark of puberty? END
START at what average age does a male's first ejaculation occur? END
START what is a female's major landmark of puberty? END
START besides heredity, what other factors contribute to when menustration begins? END
START do girls who are malnourished start menustrating earlier or later than those with high-fat diets? END
START how can the ideal self be described in terms of the adolescent? END
START how can the feared self be described in terms of the adolescent? END
START do adolescents demonstrate intended behavior moving towards the ideal or feared self? END
START what term is the beginning of menstruation given? END
START how many years does regular ovulation follow menarche? END
START do males or females appear physically mature before they are capable of reproduction? END
START what are two areas of the reproductive system that experience growth in females during puberty? END
START what activity often results in a boy's first ejaculation? END
START what are primary sex characteristics? END
START what does the first stage of puberty involve for males? END
START after growth of the testes and scrotum, while male body part experiences growth next? END
START which male body parts enlarge and develop at the same time as the penis? END
START at what stage do parents see their children as equals? END
START during what stage of development is there increased parent-child conflict and a less cohesive familial bond? END
START during puberty and adolescence, do most children share the same or different attitudes and values as their parents? END
START which part of the brain is involved in decision making and cognitive control? END
START which area of the brain is important for controlling impulses and planning ahead? END
START which part of the brain is important for evaluating rewards and risks? END
START which are the first areas to be pruned during puberty? END
START motor and sensory skills are examples of what kind of brain function? END
START what is one area in which peer groups can have positive influences on an individual? END
START what are some of the negative experiences that peer pressure can influence during adolescence? END
START at what age does succeptability to peer pressure peak? END
START what are some social skills that peer groups offer members the opportunity to develop? END
START what view towards cognitive development during adolescence did piaget take? END
START did piaget believe that cognitive improvement was sudden and drastic or slow and steadied? END
START besides the information-processing perspective, what is the other major approach to understanding cognitive change during adolescence? END
START the information-processing perspective towards cognitive development derives from the study of what? END
START casual sexual encounters are often referred to as what? END
START do most sexual experiences during adolescence take place within or seperate from romantic relationships? END
START where do some adolescents feel is a safe place to seek out romantic relationships, try out dating and indentity exploration? END
START what seperates "heavy" sexual activity from other forms of affection? END
START for older adolescents, is sexual activity in a romantic relationship associated with lower or higher levels of deviant behavior? END
START what is the term used to describe thinking about thinking itself? END
START are adolescents or children better able to understand that people do not have complete control over their thoughts? END
START the imaginary audience and personal fable peak at what age? END
START at what age does self-consciousness in general peak? END
START what questionaire has been used to measure the age in which adolescents should be able to engage in autonomous behaviors? END
START do white or asian parents tend to expect autonomy earlier than the other? END
START what has the teen timetable questionnaire been used to guage? END
START what is an example of a poor birth control method? END
START are higher or lower levels of parental support associated with risky sexual behavior? END
START is exploratory sexual behavior seen as similar or seperate to other aspects of identity? END
START does having unprotected sex, multiple sexual partners, and poor communication increase or decrease individual and social risk? END
START does research favor or reject the hypothesis that adolescents and adults think about risk similarly but hold different values and therefore come to different conclusions? END
START a priority in sexual attraction and dating can prove helpful in order to complete what reproductive advantage? END
START what does research indicate may affect risk-taking behavior throughout the lifespan? END
START when does the search for identity begin for most individuals? END
START what are some factors that make developing and maintaining an identity during the adolescent years a difficult task? END
START what are two main aspects of identity development? END
START what are the three general approaches to understanding identity development? END
START do adolescents with a less privileged upbringing have a more or less difficult time developing their identity? END
START identity achievement rarely occurs before what age? END
START is there a final endpoint in identity development? END
START evidence has supported which theorist's idea concerning stages of development? END
START does self-examination begin early or late in adolescence? END
START which theorist argued that not everyone fully achieves identity? END
START how do adolescents initially define themselves? END
START how is moratorium defined? END
START which researcher developed the current method for testing an individual's process along the stages of identity? END
START james marcia divides questions into how many categories? END
START which term is defined as one's thoughts and feelings about one's self-concept and identity? END
START is there evidence to support a drop in self-esteem during adolescence? END
START which type of self-esteem fluctuates rapidly and can cause severe distress and anxiety? END
START which type of self-esteem remains stable throughout adolescence? END
START what is the most important function of friendship? END
START at what age does awareness of one's sexual orientation occur on average? END
START at what age does coming out to one's peers occur on average? END
START at what age does coming out to adults occur on average? END
START how many times higher is the suicide rate amongst lgbt adolescents than their heterosexual peers? END
START what are factors causing a hightened suicide rate amongst lgbt adolescents? END
START are adolescents with authoritative parents more or less likely to complete secondary education by age 22? END
START are adolescents that have a good relationship with their parents more or less likely to smoke, drink, fight, or engage in unprotected sex? END
START which researchers conducted a 2009 study that concerned adolescents, their parents, and secondary education completion? END
START are modern day teenagers exposed to more or less media than other generations? END
START how many hours of television does the average teenager watch per year? END
START teenagers' views on body mass, loe self-esteem, and atypical eating patterns results in what? END
START how is "body dissatisfaction" defined? END
START what is the current divorce rate? END
START does divorce usually result in more or less contact with the noncustodial parent? END
START what new theory states that traumatic events during adolescence have lifelong effects? END
START does a parental divorce during childhood or adulthood have a positive or negative effect on a person during early adulthood? END
START what are a few examples of social and religious transition ceremonies? END
START what are some physical ways that some cultures mark the transition into adulthood? END
START do cultural transitions into adulthood vary, or are they the same? END
START do romantic relationships tend to increase or decrease throughout adolescence? END
START how many percent of adolescents have had a romantic relationship lasting one month or longer by age 15? END
START at what average age did american males report their first sexual intercourse took place? END
START at what average age did american females report their first sexual intercourse took place? END
START does the typical duration of relationships increase or decrease throughout the teenage years? END
START how is culture defined? END
START does culture affect all, some, or none of the aspects of an individual's life? END
START what is a challenge researchers face when studying culture and adolescents? END
START should culture be directly connected to a nation or ethnicity? END
START how do adolescents use online technology? END
START to what does "channel" refer in terms if adolescent communication? END
START what is a potential negative effect of using newer online channels of communication? END
START what percentage of sexually active teenagers will contract an sti? END
START what percent of the teenage population is affected by herpes and hpv? END
START girls ages 15 to 19 have higher rates of what std than any other age group? END
START what ratio of all new hiv cases occur in those under age 21? END
START according to a survey by the kaiser family foundation, what percentage of parents want schools to discuss contraception with their children? END
START in what year was the convention on the rights of the child created? END
START what two countries have not legally committed to advancing an anti-discriminaory stance towards young people? END
START a person below the age of majority may gain adult rights through what process? END
START what is legally different for an individual who has reached the age of majority? END
START in developing countries, is it common for children to attend fewer or greater years of formal schooling? END
START why, in developting countries, do children often attend fewer years of formal schooling? END
START according to family economic and financial education specialists, how do adolescents develop sound money management skills? END
START what word refers to the first ejactulation of a male? END
START what word refers to the first menstrual period in females? END
START what is the term for a culture that discourages sexual activity in unmarried adolescents? END
START what is the term for cultures that perceive sexual behavior among unmarried teens as acceptable or even encouraged? END
START are males and females expected to express their sexuality in the same ways or are there discrepancies between genders and cultures? END
START which of the five-factor model dimensions does not demonstrate an association with drinking motives? END
START is alcohol use a positive or negative emotion control mechanism? END
START which motivation for drinking alcohol results in low conscientiousness, lowered inhibition, and greater tendency towards aggression? END
START drinking to cope with negative emotional states correlates strongly with what behavioral qualities? END
START according to research findings, does internet use have a positive or negative effect on teen physical health? END
START why do research findings believe the internet has a negative effect on teen physical health? END
START how can the internet be beneficial for socially anxious teens? END
START which online activity has been consistently associated with increased liklihood of depression? END
START what is the most commonly abused substance during adolescent years in the u.s.? END
START aside from alcohol, what is the most commonly indulged drug habit during adolescent years? END
START the heightened usage of what drug is most likely due at least in some part to the rising popularity of rave culture? END
START from the late 1990s to mid 2000s, was drug use in teens on the rise or decline? END
START during what ages do reasons for alcohol consumption between males and females begin to diverge? END
START do boys or girls view drinking in a more social light? END
START which gender reports most frequently using alcohol as a coping mechanism? END
START does age bring a greater or smaller desire to drink for pleasure rather than coping? END
START from which language does the word "adolescence" originate? END
START what is the latin meaning of the word "adolescere"? END
START what is another term for legal adulthood? END
START physical growth and cognitive development generally observed in adolescents can extend to what age? END
START in recent years, has the amount of social networking sites available to the public increased or decreased? END
START what percentage of 12-17 year olds claim to have at least one social networking profile? END
START what percentage of teens say they text every day? END
START what percentage of teens report visiting social netorking sites daily? END
START what ratio of teens are "heavy" social media users, using two types of media daily? END
START are girls reaching sexual maturation early more or less likely to develop eating disorers? END
START nearly half of americam high school girls hope to achieve what goal with their diet? END
START are early or late maturing girls more exposed to alcohol and drug abuse? END
START do early or late maturing girls have more unwanted pregnancies? END
START who performs better in school: sexually experienced or inexperienced teen females? END
START is change in bodily distribution of fat and muscle the same or different between males and females during puberty? END
START do boys or girls grow muscle faster during puberty? END
START do boys or girls experience a more significant increase in body fat? END
START what is the ratio between muscle and fat among post-pubertal boys? END
START what is the ratio between muscle and fat amoung post-pubertal girls? END
START what is a secondary sex characteristic change? END
START how many tanner stages are there? END
START what was the occupation of the person who devised the tanner categorization system? END
START elevation of the breasts, development of pubic hair, and elevation of the nippes are examples of what type of changes? END
START is deepening of the voice in males a primary or secondary sex characteristic? END
START are children or adolescents more likely to question assertions and less likely to accept facts? END
START is not dating until a certain age a common sense or culturally-relative standard? END
START is refraining from touching a hot stoce a common sense or culturally-relative standard? END
START who was the first president of the american psychological association? END
START what was the title of the publication that started the formal study of adolescent psychology? END
START from the '50s to the '80s, was the field's focus devoted to describing patterns of behavior or explaining them? END
START which theorist is known for his beliefs on evolution? END
START how do children tend to define themselves? END
START do children or adolescents define themselves based on values, thoughts, and opinions? END
START which idea is known as the ability of a person to have opinions and beliefs that are defined confidently, consistent, and stable? END
START greater self-awareness, greater awareness of others, and the ability to consider multiple possiblities at once are examples of what kind of developments? END
START which adolescent ethninticy is most often studied? END
START what social class of adolescents is most often studied? END
START the period of one's life that spans late adolescence and early adulthood is known as what? END
START is an inner city or crime-driven neighborhood more or less likely to be detrimental to one's development? END
START why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity? END
START what has the largest affect over one's social development? END
START do a teen's friends have a large or small impact on their social development? END
START do adolescents become heavily emotionally invested in friends or are they generally anti-social? END
START does communication with peers increase or decrease during adolescence? END
START do children or adolescents tend to associae with friends of the opposite sex more? END
START how is adolescence defined socially? END
START did adolescents report more sexual or social events to researchers? END
START why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important? END
START holding hands with one's partner and telling others about a relationship are examples of what kind of adolescent event? END
START what are the three main types of autonomy? END
START how is behavioral autonomy defined? END
START adolescent cultural differences are especially visible in which type of autonomy? END
START how is cognitive autonomy defined? END
START is an adolescent's mental health at its best when their feelings of autonomy match closely with their parents or when they are at odds? END
START do american teenagers spend more or less time in shool than adolescents in other countires? END
START do american teenagers spend more or less time on leisure activities than adolescents in other countries? END
START does the amount of time adolescents spend on work and leisure vary from culture to culture or reman relatively constant? END
START what are two potential reasons that adolescents in different cultures spend varying time on work and leisure activities? END
START is teenage alcohol drug use at al all-time high or low? END
START do teens smoke marijuana or cigarettes more commonly? END
START are male or female late adolescents more likely to smoke cigarettes? END
START what is one possible explanation for the shift towards marijuana and away from cigarettes? END
START are motives behind teen alcohol use varied or uniform across different cultures? END
START what two reasons for adolescent drinking are shared across cultural contexts? END
START what is the most common reason for drinking among adolescents according to surveys in argentina, hong kong, and canada? END
START what percentage of argentenian teens reported drinking to improve a bad mood? END
START in hong kong, did males or females most frequently report drinking to feel the effects of the alcohol? END
START the transition from child-to-adulthood can be broadly defined as what? END
START how long does the united states believe adolescence lasts? END
START does the time frame of adolescence vary from culture to culture or remain universally agreed upon? END
START leaving school, starting a full-time job, getting married, and becoming a parent for the first time are markers in what stage of one's development, according to hogan & astone? END
START is adolescence usually accompanied by increased parental supervision or increased independence? END
START is the end of adolescence and beginning of adulthood easily agreed upon or does it vary by country? END
START do milestones such as driving a vechile, serving on a jury, voting, and marriage all have a common age of responsibility? END
START when do the first facial hairs present in pubescent males? END
START for how long does facial hair continue to get darker, coarser, and thicker? END
START where does facial hair first present during puberty? END
START do males or females experience growth spurts first? END
START how much later on average do males experience their growth spurt? END
START what is the growth rate during peak height velocity for a male adolescent? END
START what is the growth rate during peak height velocity for a female adolescent? END
START growth rates during adolescent are comparible to those of what other life stage? END
START does the amount of white matter in the brain increase or decrease over the course of adolescence? END
START does the amount of grey matter in the brain increase linearly or follow an inverted-u pattern over the course of adolescence? END
START during which process are unnecessary neuronal connections in the brain eliminated? END
START does the brain become more or less efficient as a result of synaptic pruning? END
START who describes adolescence as the stage of life in which the individual's thoughts start taking more of an abstract form? END
START what is another term for congitive skills that enable the control and coordination of thoughts and behavior? END
START which cortex is commonly associated with the coordination of thoughts and behavior? END
START does piaget believe that egocentric thoughts decrease or increase during adolescence? END
START do adolescents or children understand puns, proverbs, metaphors, and analogies most effectively? END
START children under what age often cannot comprehend sarcasm? END
START are puns, proverbs, metaphors, and analogies lower-order or higher-order logic? END
START the appearance of more systematic, abstract thinking is a notable aspect of what type of development during adolescence? END
START most injuries sustained by adolescents are related to what? END
START do adolescents or adults seem to give more weight to rewards? END
START do adolescents, adults, or both weight the potential rewards and consequences of an action? END
START which theory proposes that adults and adolescents both weigh the potential rewards and consequences of an action? END
START when does differentiation appear fully developed? END
START when adolescents begin to qualify their traits, what are they demonstrating? END
START does the recognition of inconsistent content in one's self-concept typically bring distress or peace to an adolescent? END
START in what year did troiden propose a four-stage model for the development of homosexual sexual identity? END
START what is troiden's first stage of development known as? END
START when does sensitization usually start? END
START troiden's second stage is referred to as what? END
START in what stage is youth overwhelmed by feelings of inner turmoil regarding their sexual orientation? END
START does intimacy between same-sex siblings increase or decrease during adolescence? END
START when siblings act as peers, what positive effects are possible? END
START at what stage to mixed-sex siblings generally experience an increase in intimacy? END
START do adolescents associate with "cliques" on a large or small scale? END
START how are cliques defined? END
START what are the positive effects that cliques may have on an adolescent? END
START do adolescents associate with "crowds" on a large or small scale? END
START what percentage of adolescents reporting having experienced physical violence in a relationship? END
START what percentage of adolescents reported experiencing psychological aggression? END
START hitting, throwing objects, and slaps are examples of what type of aggression? END
START in heterosexual adolescent couples, is there a significant difference in the rates of male and female aggressors? END
START does physical aggression decline or increase during high-school, college, and early adulthood? END
START does adolescent participation in family work and routines have a positive or negative influence on feelings of self-worth, care, and concern for others? END
START what is one large determining factor in normative adolescent behavior? END
START how are household chores frequently divided? END
START through what means does an adolescent develop a unique belief system? END
START the active seeking of new ideas rather than the unquestioning acceptance of adult authority is known as what stage of development? END
START what things are youth responsible for forming a set of beliefs about during adolescence? END
START ceremonies, rituals, and confirmations are examples of what? END
START what percentage of adolescent homes have access to the internet? END
START what percentage of adolescents use the internet at least occasionally? END
START in the last decade, has the amount oftime adolescents spend on the computer increased or dereased? END
START what percentage of adolescents report using social networking sites? END
START what online activity has the largest number of reported adolescent particpation? END
START what is dis? END
START what are some of the negative things adolescents are susceptible to? END
START what does the dis focus on in adolescents? END
START what does the alcohol and illegal drug habits of teens tend to be shaped by? END
START what is one possible reasoning behind many students choosing to continue their smoking habits from middle school into late adolescence? END
START do peer acceptance and social norms have a greater or lesser effect on behavior at the onset of adolescence? END
START what is the range of consentual age variance between jurisdictions? END
START is the age that peope are allowed to marry universally decided upon? END
START what are other areas in which legal societal age varies? END
START which continent is the highest in elevation? END
START what is the annual precipitation rate of coastal antarctica? END
START what is the average coldest temperature? END
START what is the coldest recorded temperature? END
START ehat is the vegetation type on antarctica?  END
START what is on average is the coldest, wetest, and windiest continent? END
START what coninent has lowest average elevation? END
START where has the temperature reached 89.2 degress celsius  END
START how many humans live in antarctica? END
START what type of organism can not be found in antarctica? END
START what continent has only 200 in of annual precipitation? END
START where has the temperature reached -89.2f? END
START how many permanent residents are living in research stations? END
START what is the yearly average temperature in antarctica?  END
START to what mountainous area is antarctica geologically similar? END
START an uplift of what formed antarctica? END
START starting from the late paleozoic era, when did antarctica finish forming? END
START what are the most often found rocks in antarctica? END
START what type of geologic activity occurred even after the formation of the ice sheets? END
START what was once part of the andes mountains of south america? END
START what caused the antarctic peninsula to for prior to the paleozoic era? END
START what caused volcanism on the antarctic peninsula? END
START what are the rarest rocks in western antarctica? END
START what activity stopped after the ice sheet formed? END
START what closely resembles the andes mountain range of antarctica? END
START what was formed during the early paleozoic and the late mesozoic eras? END
START what are the most common rocks in antarctica? END
START when were the andesite and rhyolite formed in west antarctica? END
START what is there evidence of in alexander byrd land and marie island? END
START what did people once believe could not be found further south than australia? END
START what explorer gave the name of terra australis to australia? END
START what was the name of flinders book about his trip to australia? END
START when did flinders write his book of discovery? END
START what event caused people to misname antarctica? END
START what land mass was named after after australia? END
START what land mass was believed to be further south than australia? END
START what explorer opposed naming australia  after terra australis? END
START what book did matthew flinders write in the 18th century? END
START what continent was given the name australis terra? END
START what was flinder matthews credited with? END
START what book did flinders write in 1841? END
START part of what study is the census of antarctic marine life? END
START when was the census of sea life carried out in antarctica? END
START how many sea animals live in earth's polar regions? END
START besides birds, what large animals travel from one pole to the other? END
START what is the amount of difference in temperature  in the deep ocean? END
START who conducted a censuslife on antarctica in 2010? END
START how many marine organism live in the south pole region? END
START what animals live at the south pole all year? END
START where is there a large variatio in temperatures of the deep ocean? END
START what was conducted during the polar year international? END
START how many researchers were involved in the polar year international census? END
START what was released in 2001? END
START how many marine organisms were found in the 12,000 miles studied? END
START how many marine species were found within the 7,456 km studied? END
START what explorer led the nimrod expedition into antarctica? END
START who led the party to first climb mount erebus? END
START who led the return expedition to find the magnetic pole? END
START when did mawson retire after leading several expeditions? END
START when did roald amundsen reach the geographic south pole? END
START what expitition was led by shackleton in the 19th century? END
START what did the party led by shckleton climb? END
START what expedition reached the north magnetic pole? END
START what did edgeworth david traverse? END
START what ship did shackelton use to reach the geographic south pole? END
START what expedition was led by edgeworth shackleton? END
START who led nimrod expedition to antarctica?  END
START who led the magnetic pole party in 1931? END
START who led the expedition that would first reach the geographic south pole on 11 december 1914? END
START when was the south polar plateau first traversed? END
START when was the antarctic conservation act passed by the u.s.? END
START what type of penalty can importing plants and animals into antarctica bring? END
START over fishing of which species of fish helped promote regulations on fishing? END
START how many tonnes of patagonian toothfish were illegally fished in 2000? END
START when did the convention for the conservation of antarctic marine living resources  come into force? END
START what passed in 1987? END
START where was the 1987 antarctic conservation act passed? END
START what does cmaclr stand for? END
START what year did the cmaclr come into force? END
START what year saw illegal fishing of toothfish measure 32,000 short tons? END
START since what year has tourism been ongoing to antarctica? END
START what is expedition tourism to antarctica subject to? END
START how many of the antarctic tour operators belong to iaato? END
START what is the mode of travel for antarctic tours? END
START how many tourists went to antarctica during the 2006-07 season? END
START what has existed since 1975? END
START what does iatao stand for? END
START what percentage of tourism do members of the iatao account for? END
START how many tourists visited in 2006? END
START what was the number of tourists predicted to increase to in 2007? END
START what is the main mineral found on antarctica? END
START where was coal first found on antarctica? END
START what expedition discovered coal on antarctica? END
START where is iron ore found on antarctica? END
START where are oil and gas deposits located near antarctica? END
START what is the rarest mineral resource on the continent? END
START who first discovered coal in the southern hemisphere? END
START what ore was found near the beardmore glacier? END
START what valuable resources did the nimrod expodition find in the ross sea? END
START what type od resources can only be explored until 2048? END
START what is the main mineral resource of the prince charles glacier? END
START what did frank beardmore first record during the nimrod expedition? END
START what significant deposits are found in the transantarctic mountains? END
START what was found in the ross sea in 1937? END
START what is banned until 2084? END
START what type of research was princess elizabeth station built to study? END
START how much did the princess elizabeth station cost? END
START what unique characteristic does the princess elizabeth station feature? END
START from what country was the princess elizabeth station shipped? END
START who is the leader of the station design team? END
START what happened on 7 september 2006? END
START what was unveiled on 7 september 2006? END
START who unveiled the princess elisabeth on 7 september 2006? END
START what cost $13.6 million? END
START who is alain berte? END
START what type of ice originates on land and floats out to sea? END
START what events have occurred in recent decades to the ice shelves surrounding antarctica? END
START along what area has there been more collapsing ice shelves? END
START what could the displacement of ice cause? END
START what weather event would offset loss of ice shelves? END
START where did ice on land originate?  END
START what is the result of floating ice shelves melting from the land? END
START what does snow offset on the continent shelves? END
START where is the concern with regard to disruption of ice melts? END
START what can not grow extensively in antarctica? END
START what does the climate of antarctica inhibit? END
START hat is low and limited in antarctica? END
START how many species of mosses are there in antarctica? END
START what allows extensive vegitation to occur? END
START what promotes plant growth? END
START what is diverse and widely distributed? END
START where are there 25 species of mosses? END
START what climate allows extensive vegetation to form? END
START what are there 105 species of? END
START what are there 20 species of? END
START how many species of plants are there? END
START where are all of the plants found? END
START since what year have claims been suspended in antarctica? END
START what document regulates antarctica's status? END
START what latitude is defined as being antarctica's border? END
START how many countries signed the treaty protecting antarctica from claims? END
START what does the treaty set antarctica aside as? END
START what has been suspended since 1995? END
START what year did norway formally define maud queen land? END
START what 1995 treaty is antarctica's status regulated by? END
START what is defined as all land and ice shelves south of 59 s? END
START when did cook's ships cross the antarctic circle? END
START what kept captain cook from getting too close to antarctica? END
START how many men sighted antarctica in 1820? END
START how close did von bellingshausen and lazarev come to antarctica? END
START when was the first recorded landing on antarctica? END
START who's ship crossed the antarctic circle in the 17th century? END
START what ships did cook use to circle the antarctic circle? END
START who sighted antarctica or its ice shelf in the 18th century? END
START what ships were captained by bransfield and lazarev? END
START who sighted land ten months before bransfield? END
START what ships crossed the arctic circle on 17 january 1773? END
START what crossed the antarctic circle in december 1774? END
START who came within 120 mi of the antarctic coast in 1773? END
START what did three might sight in 1802? END
START what ice shelf was spotted within 32 mi from queen maud's land? END
START what has been an important atmospheric study since the 1970s? END
START where in antarctica is halley station? END
START when did scientists discover the hole in the ozone layer? END
START what chemical was discovered to have caused the hole in the ozone? END
START what agreement banned the use of cfc s? END
START what was studied in 1970? END
START what was discovered in 1985 in the ozone at the brunt station on the halley ice shelf? END
START what does ccf stand for? END
START what were banned in 1998? END
START what will happen to the ozone by 2050? END
START what type of climate did gondwana have during the cambrian period? END
START in what hemisphere did west antarctica share during the cambrian? END
START where was east antarctica during the cambrian period? END
START what was the climate of gondwana at the beginning of the devonian period? END
START where was gondwana located by the end of the devonian period? END
START what part of antarctica is currently in the northern hemispher? END
START what was deposited in western antarctica while it was in the southern hemisphere END
START what life florishes in east antarctica's tropical seas? END
START what dominated the land during the devion period? END
START when did antarctica develop a hot dry climate? END
START what had a mild climate during the devonian period? END
START what started 461 ma? END
START during the devonian period, where was east antarctica? END
START what began 306 ma? END
START what type of plants dominated the devonian period? END
START what is the earth's most southern continent? END
START which pole is located in antarctica? END
START what ocean surrounds antarctica? END
START what is the size of antarctica? END
START how much of antarctica is ice covered? END
START what is the earths northernmost continent? END
START what continent is almost entirely south of the arctic circle? END
START what ocean does antarctica surround? END
START what continents is antarctica larger than? END
START how thick is the ice at the northernmost reaches of the antarctic peninsula? END
START what continent is 14,000,000 square miles? END
START what continents are largest after antarctica?  END
START what continent is australia twice the size of? END
START what averages 1.9 mi in thickness? END
START how much of australia is covered by ice? END
START where was the coldest temperature recorded on earth? END
START what was the coldest temperature ever recorded? END
START on what date was the earth's coldest temperature recorded? END
START what is antarctica topographically ? END
START what light caused condition is a serious problem for humans in antarctica? END
START what is the coldest temerature recorded in russia? END
START what recieves less than 10 cm of rain per year? END
START what relflects most of the light falling on it? END
START what temperature was recorded in russia on 21 july 1983? END
START what does co2 make up 0.39% of? END
START what be produced in antarctica with temperatures less than -150f END
START what receives 10 inches of precipitation on average? END
START who wrote a book describing a cold region in 350 b.c.? END
START what map maker used the name antarctica in his map of the 2nd century a.d.? END
START what did authors hyginus and apuleious call the south pole? END
START what did chaucer call the area in 1391? END
START what was the old french words for the antarctic? END
START who wrote about an antarctic region in the third century b.c? END
START who's map is still preserved from the 2nd century a.d END
START what greek authors used the term polus anarcticus? END
START who refered to the south pole as antarctic pole in the 13th century? END
START what book did aristotle write in the 3rd century b.c. END
START what did aristotle write in 530 b.c.? END
START what is the roman name for the south pole? END
START who used meteorology in his preserved world map? END
START what did tyre of marinus produce? END
START in what do some scientists believe ozone depletion may have a role ? END
START what light does ozone absorb? END
START how much cooling can ozone depletion cause over antarctica? END
START what can the wind changes due to cooling cause in the antarctic ice? END
START what does ozone depletion cause in the southern atmosphere? END
START what has played a dominant role in the climate change in antarctica?  END
START what can cause a cooling of around 6c in the local air? END
START what is a pole vortex? END
START what enhanced the pole vortex? END
START who has research stations in antarctica? END
START what is the span of population density per million square kilometers of researchers in antarctica? END
START about long long do researchers stay when researching in antarctica? END
START what station has an orthodox church representative? END
START when did the trinity church begin its posting at bellinshausen station? END
START who maintains perminent settlements on the continent? END
START what antartcic church closed in 2004? END
START where are there 5,000 year round residents? END
START how many people are conducting research on nearby islands in the winter? END
START how many people are conducting research on nearby islands in the summer? END
START what is the population density of the surrounding islands? END
START what year did trinity orthodox open? END
START what station opened trinity orthodox? END
START what is the southern most continent? END
START what is the size of antarctica in square miles? END
START what is antarctica's ranking among the continents? END
START how many miles long is antarctica's coast line? END
START what continent is largely north of the antarctic circle? END
START what ocean does antarctica surround? END
START what other oceansbesides the southern ocean does antarctica surround? END
START what continent is 14,000,000 square miles? END
START what coninent is 1.3 times smaller than europe? END
START what surrounds the southern ocean? END
START what continent covers more than 14,000,000 sq mi? END
START what continent is 3.1 times as large as europe? END
START what measures 17,968 square miles? END
START what is positioned symmetrically around the south pole? END
START what sea plankton doe many sea creatures rely on to live? END
START what breed of penguin lives in antarctica? END
START during what season does the emperor penguin breed? END
START what feature does the rockhopper penguin have around its eyes? END
START which penguin breeds the furterest south of all the penguin breeds? END
START what do the phytolankton depend on? END
START what animals live on the continent of antarctica? END
START what is the only penguin that breeds on antarctica? END
START what penguin breeds south of antarctica? END
START what type of feathers do king penguins have? END
START what do marine animals directly rely on? END
START what is the adelie penguin the only one to do during winter in antarctica?  END
START what direction does the emperor penguin go further than any other to breed? END
START what is the highest peak in antarctica? END
START how high is the antarctic mountain vinson massif? END
START in what mountainous area of antarctica is vinson massif? END
START what is the earth's most southern volcano? END
START what type of volcano was located in 2004 by researchers? END
START what is the highest peak in the world? END
START what mountains are 4,892 ft high? END
START what is the worlds most active volcano? END
START wha island has the southern most volcano in the world? END
START who found the forst underwater volcano? END
START what is the highest peak in antarctica at 4,892 ft? END
START how tall is massif vinson? END
START where is massif vinson located? END
START what is mount ross considered to be? END
START what island had a volcanic eruption in 1907? END
START when did negotiations start to regulate mining in antarctica? END
START what group led the fight to prevent mineral development in antarctica? END
START when was the treaty to regulate mining agreed upon? END
START which two countries refused to ratify the treaty to regulate mineral use in antarctica? END
START what was the alternate treaty offered by australia and france? END
START what began in 1938? END
START what does carmar stand for? END
START what year was the carmar adopted? END
START who announced they would not ratify the carmar? END
START what was entered into force on 14 january 1983? END
START what did most of gondwana become when the polar ice melted? END
START what plants were abundant during this time? END
START what type of reptiles were common during the early triassic? END
START when did the antarctic peninsula form? END
START during what period did gondwana begin to break apart? END
START what caused polar ice caps to form on gondwana? END
START what type of plamdt became abundent on gondwana? END
START what type of animal was coomon during the late triassic? END
START what penninsula formed during the triassic period? END
START why did eastern antarctica become? END
START what type of rock was laid down in eastern gondwana? END
START what began to form during the years 204-166 ma? END
START what types of trees and plants appeared during the triassic period? END
START what period is marked by the years 166-46 ma? END
START what astronomical study is important research for antarctica? END
START what is the supposed source of most antarctica meteorites? END
START when was the first meteorite found in antarctica? END
START what expedition found nine meteorites in 1969? END
START what is it about antarctic meteorites that is different form meteorites found in other places? END
START what was first found in 1921? END
START what was the name of the 1921 meteorite? END
START what happened in 1996? END
START how many meteorites did the 1996 japanese expedition find? END
START what location means that antarctica get little solar radiation? END
START in what condition is most water in the antarctica? END
START what is the usual condition of precipitation in the antarctic? END
START what does the massed snow in antarctica produce? END
START what are ice streams otherwise called? END
START why does antarctica receive solar radiation? END
START what continent is a complete desert?  END
START what is next to the continental shelves? END
START what are temperatures like offshore to effect global cooling? END
START where did the first semi-permanent residents of the antarctic area live? END
START what was the profession of the residents of south georgia? END
START in what year did the sealers start staying on south georgia? END
START what was the nationality of most whalers? END
START when did explorer carl anton larsen become a british citizen? END
START who were the first permenat residents of regions near antarctica? END
START when was the first perminant settlment established on south georgia? END
START who settled south georgia in 1966? END
START what settlements were established on antarctica? END
START what british citizens established grtviken on antarctica? END
START who were the first permanent inhabitants of antarctica? END
START what lasted until 1696? END
START what were the norwegian settlements? END
START what did captain anon carl larsen found? END
START who adopted british citizenship in 1901? END
START where in antarctica has warming been noticed? END
START how much has west antarctica warmed per decade in the last 5o years? END
START what do some researchers believe to be that cause of this warming? END
START what is thought to be the cause of glacier outflow? END
START what is the thinking of the cause  of the antarctic peninsula sea level. END
START who published a 2007 study? END
START what has been the temperature trend of antarctica per decade from 1959 to 2006? END
START what did the study note about the temperatures in east antarctica?  END
START what has the warming in east antarctica been offset by in west antarctica? END
START what animal was greatly hunted during the 18th and 19th centuries? END
START for whom is the weddell seal named ? END
START what did  sir james weddell command? END
START what is a very important species in the southern ocean? END
START why is the krill so important to the antarctic area? END
START what animal was heavily hunted in the 18 and 1900's? END
START what seal is named after the commander of american sealing expoditions? END
START what whaler had a seal named after him? END
START what is the keystone species of the arctic ocean? END
START what bird do leapard seals feed on? END
START what was hunted during 1819? END
START what countries did the 1819 sealers come from? END
START what is named after james sir weddell? END
START what was james sir weddell commander of? END
START when did the environmental protocol become effective? END
START what is the main concern of the protocol? END
START what is seen as a major risk to antarctica? END
START what group advises the antarctic treaty consultative meeting? END
START besides conservation, what is the environmental protocol's goal to manage? END
START what is the environomental protection protocol to the treaty antarctic also known as? END
START what came into force in 1988? END
START what is the environmental protection protocol to the treaty antarctic? END
START where is the main concern about native species from? END
START what does the protocol on environmental protection seek to regulate? END
START in what year was an agreement reached to ban mining in antarctica? END
START when will the mining ban be reviewed? END
START what is the major economic activity near antarctica? END
START how many tonnes of fish were reported caught in 2000-01? END
START what minerals have been found in quantities large enough to exploit? END
START what does the 1919 protocol on environmental protection to the antarctic treaty restrict? END
START what was reached in 1989? END
START how many tonnes did antarctic fisheries report in 2000? END
START how do the meteorites found in antarctica add to knowledge about the solar system? END
START beside rare types of meteorites, what other types of meteorites have been found in antarctica? END
START from where in the solar system could the meteorites have come? END
START about what nearby planet could the antarctic meteorites hold data? END
START what do meteorites absorb that can be used to understand how old the meteorite is? END
START what is ahl84010? END
START who discovered the ahl84010 meteorite?  END
START what controversy surrounds the ahl84010? END
START when did the larsen-b ice shelf collapse? END
START what antarctic ice shelf collapsed in 2008? END
START when did the most widespread melting of ice occur? END
START how large was the ice chunk that melted and refroze? END
START how high could the temperatures have risen to cause the melting? END
START what happened to the b-larsen ice shelf in 2002? END
START when did 570 sq mi of ice from the wilkins ice shelf collapse? END
START where did 15,000 sq mi of ice remain? END
START what remaining ice collapsed on 9 april 2005? END
START when was the first time humans visited antarctica? END
START what was antarctica presumed to be by the ancient thinkers? END
START what did ptolemy suggest that a southern land mass would do to preserve?  END
START of what did early explores think australia and south america were part? END
START early geographers thought that antarctica was what in size? END
START when was antarctica last seen by humans? END
START what is the vast continent in the far north? END
START who suggested the idea of terrs australis in the 1st cuntury b.c.? END
START what was discovered in the 1700's? END
START who believed thet antarctica was smaller then its actual size? END
START what continent has an indigenous population that arrived in the 19th century? END
START what is australis terra? END
START who suggested australis terra? END
START how much of antarctica is covered by ice? END
START how thick is the ice that covers antarctica? END
START how much of earth's ice is in antarctica? END
START how much of the earth's fresh water is held in antarctica? END
START what is the amount of precipitation per year in the interior of antarctica? END
START what ice sheet covers all of antarctica? END
START what ice sheet averages at least1 kilometer thick? END
START what continent has 90% of the worlds fresh water? END
START what continent has 70% of the worlds ice? END
START where on antarctica is the ppercipitation as low as .8 mm? END
START what is, on average, 1.6 mi thick? END
START what is 90% of antarctica covered by? END
START what does antarctica have 98% of for the world? END
START how much of antarctica is fresh water? END
START how would the sea levels rise 200 m? END
START what lake is thought to contain microbial life? END
START to what does the frozen surface of lake vostok resemble? END
START with what is europa associated?? END
START when did nasa go on an expedition to lake untersee? END
START for what was nasa searching? END
START what lake on europe may conatin microbial life? END
START what planet might contain life? END
START what lake has a frozen surface similar to jupiter? END
START who emberked on a mission to lake vostok in 2008? END
START what was nasa searching for in lake vostok? END
START what was drilled to about 400 ft? END
START what might vostok's lake contain? END
START what do the waters in the lake share similarities with? END
START where did a nasa team go on 8 february 2007? END
START in what period did africa beak off from antarctica? END
START when was antarctica still joined to australia? END
START what type of climate did antarctica have in the cretaceous period? END
START when did australia separate from antarctica? END
START after the division from australia, what began to appear? END
START what seperated from antarctica in the cretaceous? END
START what did antactica connect to in the jurassic? END
START when did antarctica have a tropical cimate? END
START what currents began isolating australia in 66 ma END
START what happened around 106 ma? END
START when did new-australia guinea separate from antarctica?  END
START what took place about 43 million years ago? END
START what was found to be 670ppm about 34 million years ago? END
START which of the the poles is colder? END
START how high is the continent of antarctica above sea level? END
START how does the arctic ocean warm the arctic? END
START what contributes to the antarctic cold? END
START what does temperature do with elevation? END
START what is one reason the actric colder than antarctica? END
START how far above sea level is the arctic? END
START what increases with elevation in the tropasphere? END
START how does the arctic ocean warm antarctica? END
START how many reasons are given for the arctic being colder than antarctica? END
START what continent is 3,000 ft above sea level? END
START what does the distance orbital contribute to? END
START what continent is 9,800 m above sea level? END
START who was the first person born south of the 60th parallel? END
START where is the continental limit of antarctica? END
START when was palma born? END
START what was the palma family sent to antarctica to determine? END
START what continental limit is set below the 60th parallel? END
START who was born in 20009 END
START where was juan pablo camacho born in 1978? END
START what was marcos emilio palma the first to do? END
START what mainland was marcos emilio palma the first to be born on? END
START who was born in 1987? END
START who was born in 1948 at the frei monalva station? END
START how many children were born in antarctica as of 2011? END
START how many species of fungi have been found on antarctica? END
START how many of the extant fungi in antarctica are lichen-forming? END
START what type of fungi help shape rock formations in antarctica? END
START what has the study of fungi in antarctica shown about these organisms? END
START how is it postulated that mars life might have evolved? END
START how many species of fungi are there at the south pole? END
START where are there 400 non-lichen forming fungi? END
START where are there 750 lichen-forming fungi? END
START what type of fungi help break down rock in antarctica? END
START where were 750 lichen-forming fungi found? END
START where were 400 non-lichen-forming fungi found? END
START what has significantly contributed to shaping the dry mcmurdo valleys? END
START what type of environment is the dr mcmurdo valleys? END
START what did the british claim in 2012? END
START to what was the claim of land in tribute? END
START what was the response of the argentine response to the british land claim? END
START of what war was 2012 the anniversary? END
START when did the british claim queen elizabeth land in antarctica? END
START what happened on 12 december 2018? END
START what happened on 12 december 2012? END
START what islands were fought over in the 30th falklands war? END
START the entry of whom has caused some worry about the welfare of antarctica? END
START what do environmentalists want enacted? END
START what kind of tourist limit has been asked for by environmentalists? END
START what have the authorities produced in response to these requests? END
START when did an air new zealand crash on mount erebus? END
START what flight crashed in 1997? END
START how many people died in the 1997 flight 901 crash? END
START who resumed commercial overflights to antarctica to australia in 1990? END
START where did sightseeing flights that did land operate out of? END
START what group of scientists study tectonics? END
START which science is concerned with the study of the dynamics of ice? END
START who is interested in the effects of harsh environment on humans? END
START what kind of observations use  the high elevations and thin atmosphere for viewing space? END
START where is the largest neutrino telescope on earth? END
START what do astrophysicists at the scott-aumundsen south pole station study? END
START what was built 2 mi below the amundsen-scott station? END
START why are astronomical observations better made from most surface locations? END
START what does the 2 mile ice serve as for the telescope? END
START where in eritrea did italian scientists find one of the oldest hominids? END
START how old was the hominid that was found in eritrea? END
START what place in eritrea is believed to have played a major part in human evolution? END
START what possible link is represented by the hominid found in eritrea? END
START what is the importance pertaining to the age of the hominid that was found in eritrea? END
START what did german scientists find in eritrea? END
START how old was the newest archaic homo sapiens skeleton found in eretria? END
START where in eritrea is it believed that no traces of evolution to anatomically modern humans will ever be found? END
START how far back can anatomically modern human bones be found? END
START how far back do scientists think archaic homo sapiens transitioned to anatomically modern humans? END
START who was james bruce? END
START in 1770, who reported that medri bahri was a distinct political entity from abyssinia? END
START how is the bahre-nagassi translated? END
START what determined whether the bahre-nagassi fought with or against the abyssinians? END
START which century marked the arrival of the ottomans? END
START where did the ottomans come from? END
START when was james bruce born? END
START who was the ruler of bahre-nagassi? END
START in what year did abyssinia collapse? END
START in what year did ahmad ibn ibrahim al-ghazi of adal die? END
START what is the result of the incorporation of independent kingdoms and sultanates? END
START when did eritrea join a federation with ethiopia, the federation of ethipia and eritrea? END
START what was the result of the war of independence? END
START what persisted and led to the eritrean-ethiopian war of 1998-2000? END
START what subsequently led to the eritran war of independence? END
START in what year was the sultanate of aussa founded? END
START in what year did the eritrean war of independence start? END
START who won the eritrean-ethiopian war of 1998-2000? END
START in what year did eritrea first skirmish with djibouti? END
START in what year did italian eritrea get founded? END
START what is the gash group? END
START what did excavations around agordat yield the remains of? END
START where is agordat located? END
START when did the c-group inhabit the nile valley? END
START what type of evidence indicated that the c-group spoke afroasiatic languages of the berber branches? END
START what city is located in northern eritrea? END
START when can the berber be dated back to? END
START where did the berber live in ancient times? END
START what city lies in southern eritrea? END
START what country is peter behrens from? END
START what purpose did stelae serve? END
START who erected a number of large stelae in pre-christian times? END
START which stelae is considered the largest in the world, standing at 90 feet? END
START who eventually adopted christianity under ezana? END
START where is the ark of the covenant believed to be resting? END
START in what year was the obelisk of aksum carved? END
START in what year did the aksum become christians? END
START in what year was mecca founded? END
START how far above sea level is mecca? END
START what did muslims build in the 7th century for religious purposes? END
START what is the abbreviation for the united nations' advisory committee on administrative and budgetary questions? END
START what does the acronym interpol stand for? END
START which league is eritrea an observing member of? END
START what is the acronym for the non-aligned movement? END
START what is the acronym for the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons? END
START what is the acronym for the international bank for reconstruction and development? END
START what is the acronym for the permanent court of arbitration? END
START what is the acronym for the world customs organization? END
START who ruled aksum and also governed the port of adulis? END
START how did the aksumite rulers facilitate trade? END
START which kingdoms did aksum regularly enter the politics of? END
START who did aksum conquer in order to extend its rule over the arabian peninsula? END
START where was ivory exported according to the periplus of the erythraean sea? END
START whose face was on the aksumite currency? END
START what country politics did the aksumite rulers refuse to get involved with? END
START who was the ruler of the himyarite kingdom at the time? END
START in what country was the periplus of the erythraean sea written? END
START what product did the kingdom of kush export? END
START when was the eritrean railway completed in saati? END
START when did the eritrean railway reach the asmara highlands? END
START what was the longest line in the world during its time? END
START who dismantled the asmara-massawa cableway? END
START in what areas of public service were eritreans particularly employed? END
START in what year was the asmara-massawa cableway completed? END
START in what year did the italo-turkish war start? END
START in what year did the first italo-abyssinian war start? END
START what nationality started the italo-turkish war? END
START where did the eritrean railway originate? END
START who prompted eritrea to be federated with ethiopia in 1950? END
START which un resolution called for eritrea and ethiopia to be linked via a loose federal structure under sovereignty of the emperor? END
START what would federal government control in eritrea according to resolution 390a(v)?? END
START which eritrean wishes did resolution 390a(v) ignore? END
START what did resolution 390a(v) guarantee the population of eritrea? END
START what country was being led by an emperor in 1950? END
START what eritrean wishes did un resolution 390a(v) fulfill? END
START what un resolution was adopted in november 1950? END
START what rights did un resolution 390a(v) give to ethiopians? END
START what did the eritrea administration open to produce products such as buttons and construction materials? END
START how many factories were in eritrea by 1939? END
START who were the main employees in the factories of eritrea? END
START besides eritreans, which other nationality increased its city population because of new industries? END
START how much did the number of italians residing in eritrea increase in 5 years due to factories being built? END
START how many italians lived in eretria in 1939? END
START how many plantations were owned by eritreans? END
START what did the first factory in italian eritrea produce? END
START how many eritreans worked in the factories in 1939? END
START what was the main export of italian eritrea in 1939? END
START what big cat is said to inhabit the mountains of the gash-barka region? END
START which animal herds were thought to have fallen victim to the war of independence? END
START in december 2001, how many elephants were seen in the vicinity of the gash river? END
START what species did the elephants at the gash river seem to form a symbiotic relationship with? END
START where are african leopards predominantly found? END
START in what year did the war of independence end? END
START where are bushbucks mostly found? END
START what is the topography of the denkalia region? END
START how many african wild ass are thought to be left? END
START how many ecoregions make up eritrea? END
START what is the highest point in eritrea? END
START where is emba soira located? END
START how high is emba soira? END
START what is the probably location in eritrea where three tectonic plates are pulling away from each other? END
START how high is filfil solomona above sea level? END
START what is the low point of eritrea? END
START what is located in the danakil depression? END
START what is the climate of the afar triangle? END
START how many elephants are believed to be left in eritrea? END
START what type of snakes are common in gash barka? END
START where in eritrea can puff adder and red spitting cobra be found? END
START where in eritrea are marine species such as dolphin, turtles and manta ray found? END
START which dog, previously found in eritrea, is now considered extirpated from the entire country? END
START where are the most southerly of east africa's elephants to be found? END
START how many african wild dog are there left? END
START what nonpoisonous snake can be found in eritrea? END
START what land species can be found in the coastal areas? END
START what rare marine species can be found in the coastal areas of eritrea? END
START according to human rights watch, how do the human rights in eritrea compare to the rest of the world? END
START according to a 500-page un human rights council report, what was widespread behavior by state officials in eritrea? END
START what type of state government exists in eritrea? END
START according to many western countries, why have eritrean authorities detained an unknown number of people? END
START in what year was the united nations human rights council report written? END
START when was the last time national legislative elections were held? END
START what country has one of the better human rights records in the world? END
START how long was the human rights watch report about eritrea? END
START when was the human rights watch report about eritrea released? END
START what accusations has the eritrean government owned up to? END
START why have eritrean government officials participated in numerous meetings with ngo representatives? END
START what did the eritrean government ban in 2007? END
START what new movement is aimed at opening dialogue between the government and opposition? END
START who, along with ordinary citizens, makes up the citizens for democratic rights in eritrea? END
START what are the main concerns eritreans speak about in terms of female circumcision? END
START in what year did attempts at reform in eritrea begin? END
START in what year was citizens for democratic rights formed in eretria? END
START what new cultural practice are people trying to do away with in eretria? END
START what ancient cultural practice occurs in urban areas? END
START in the 2014 press freedom index, what organization ranked the media environment in eritrea as the worse of 178 countries? END
START how did reporters without borders rank the media environment of eritrea compared to totalitarian north korea? END
START what type of media has been banned from eritrea since 2001? END
START according to the bbc, which african country is the only one that has no privately owned news media? END
START according to reporters without borders, where doesn't a single foreign news correspondent live? END
START in what year was reporters without borders founded? END
START what country was ranked at the top of the media environment list put together by reporters without borders? END
START what did the guardian claim about eritrea in 2015? END
START how many native news correspondents are there in asmara? END
START under which program did eritrea develp and repair its transportation infrastructure during the war? END
START how long was the coastal highway between massawa and asseb? END
START what type of locomotives are sometimes used on the eritrean railway to cater to groups of enthusiasts? END
START what is the capital of eritrea? END
START which railway was rehabilitated under the warsay yika'alo program? END
START how long is the eritrean railway? END
START how many km of war-damaged roads has eritrea fixed? END
START how are most locomotives powered in eritrea? END
START what is the distance between asseb and asmara? END
START what is the distance between asmara and massawa? END
START what is the official language of eritrea? END
START what does the constitution establish of all eritrean languages? END
START what was the most widely spoken language in eritrea in 2006? END
START what languages serve as de facto working languages in eritrea? END
START what language is used in eritrean university education and many technical fields? END
START what is the second most spoken language in eritrea? END
START how many people speak english in eritrea? END
START how many speakers of tigrinya are there in the world? END
START how many people speak italian in eritrea? END
START what language is used for business in eritrea? END
START which part of eritrea's health care goals have they been most successful in? END
START what was the eritrean life expectancy at birth in 1960? END
START what was the eritrean life expectancy st birth in 2008? END
START which practice was banned by the eritrean government with claimes it is painful and has life-threatening health problems for women? END
START how much did the national malaria protection unit reduce malarial mortality by from 1998 - 2006? END
START in what year was female genital mutilation banned in eretria? END
START how many kids had been vaccinated against measles in 2008? END
START what was the life expectancy in 2006 in eretria? END
START in what year was the millenium development goal targets put in place? END
START when was the world health organisation established? END
START where does the italian influences on eritrean cuisine come from? END
START what food item did italians bring to eritrea during colonial times? END
START what is eritrea's popular alcoholic beverage mies made out of? END
START how does 'pasta al sugo e berbere' translate in english? END
START what is the main food, influenced by italy, eaten in eritrea's capital today? END
START what is one of the main foods eaten in ethiopia? END
START what is a common dish in ethiopia? END
START what do people tend to drink in ethiopia? END
START what is a popular alcoholic drink in ethiopia? END
START what was ethiopia's cuisine influenced by? END
START what geographical location in eritrea has largely shaped the culture of eritrea? END
START what is one of the most recognizable parts of eritran culture that can be offered when visiting friends as well as being a daily staple of life? END
START how many rounds is coffee served in during a coffee ceremony? END
START what do eritrean's offer a person who declines coffee? END
START what is the first round of the coffee ceremony called? END
START what is the first round of coffee called in italian? END
START what is the second round of coffee called in italian? END
START what is the third round of coffee called in italian? END
START what is someone served if they don't drink coffee or tea? END
START what is one of the least drank beverages in eretria? END
START what country borders eritrea in the west? END
START what country borders eritrea in the south? END
START what country borders eritrea in the southeast? END
START what extensive coastline makes up a portion of eritrea's east border? END
START what is the total area of the nation of eritrea? END
START what is the total area of ethiopia? END
START what is the total area of djibouti? END
START what is the name of one of the hanish islands? END
START in what year was eritrea founded? END
START what is the total area of the red sea? END
START what is the best know musical genre amongst the tigrinya? END
START what is the eritrean traditional instrument, the wata? END
START who is the most popular eritrean singing artist? END
START what is helen meles noted for? END
START who, in eritrea, have their own styles of music and  accompanying dance? END
START what is the stringed krar a distant cousin of? END
START who is the most popular italian artist in eritrea? END
START what instrument did abraham afewerki play? END
START what instrument does yemane baria play? END
START what musical instrument does ruth abraha play? END
START what was the eritrean region known as during the middle ages? END
START when was eritrea annexed by ethiopia? END
START when did the eritrean liberation front form? END
START when did eritrea gain independence? END
START what was the roman name for the red sea? END
START in what year did the eritrean liberation front cease operations? END
START when was ethiopia founded? END
START in what year was italian eritrea founded? END
START what was ethiopia known as during the middle ages? END
START in 2010, what was conducted on mummified remains of baboons? END
START what type of analysis did the scientists use to examine hairs from the 2 baboon mummies formerly preserved in the british museum? END
START who was determined to be the closest match for the baboon mummies? END
START where did the 2 baboons' mummified remains originate? END
START where did researchers suggest that punt was located? END
START how many mummified baboons did punt gift to the ancient egyptians? END
START in what year were the mummified baboons transferred from egypt to the british museum? END
START how many mummified baboons does the egyptian museum now have on display? END
START scientists compared the dna of the baboon with distorted isotopic data to what? END
START how many hairs on each baboon mummy did scientists study? END
START what  domain were the eritrean highlands under after the decline of aksum? END
START what was the area in the eritrean highlands named under emperor zaro yaqob? END
START what was the capitol of medri bahri? END
START what were the main provinces of medri bahri? END
START what is the english translation of medri bahri? END
START who ruled aksum during its decline? END
START what was the area known as by the aksum? END
START in what province was the capital debarwa located? END
START what was the capital of the aksum? END
START who was the ruler of ethiopia at this time? END
START whose rise to power in 1922 brought profounc change to the government in italian eritrea? END
START when was italian eritrea significantly enlarged? END
START when was the birth of the italian empire declared? END
START what was eritrea chosen to be by the italian government during the italian empire? END
START what does africa orientale italiana mean? END
START in what year was italian somaliland established? END
START what was chosen to be the governmental center of italian east africa? END
START in what year was benito mussolini nicknamed il duce? END
START who was ethiopia's ruler before it was conquered? END
START who dissolved the eritrean parliament in 1962? END
START what does the acroynm elf stand for? END
START who waged an armed struggle for independence in 1962 after eritrea was annexed? END
START how long did the eritrean war for independence last? END
START what is the acronym for eritrean people's liberation front? END
START in what year did haile selassie step down as emperor? END
START in what year did the elf collapse? END
START what was the name of one of the ethiopian rebel forces? END
START what was the capital of eritrea? END
START in what city was elf headquartered? END
START what did disagreements following the eritrean war result in? END
START what did the stalemate lead the president of eritrea to urge the un to do? END
START who accused eritrea of planting bombs at an african union summit? END
START what supported the accusation that eritrea planted bombs at the african union summit? END
START what did eritrea do when it was accused of planting bombs at the african union summit? END
START in what year did the war technically end? END
START in what year was the eleven letters sent to united nations security council? END
START what is the capital of eritrea? END
START in what city is the un based? END
START where was the african union summit held in 2010? END
START in 2004, how many physicians did eritrea have per 1000 people? END
START how prevalent is hiv among the 15-49 age group in eritrea? END
START what is the fertility rate in eriterea? END
START as of 2002, how many births were attended by skilled health personnel in eriterea? END
START what is a major cause of death in neonates in eriterea? END
START what percentage of people in eritrea get malaria each year? END
START what percentage of people with severe infections die in eretria? END
START what percentage of people over age 49 have hiv? END
START how many physicians are there per 1000 people as of 2016? END
START what percentage of births are attended by health professionals as of 2016? END
START how do most people dress in the larger cities of eritrea? END
START how do both men and women often dress in offices in eritrea? END
START what are zurias, the traditional clothes still worn by christian highlander women in eritrea? END
START how do women in the muslim communities of the eritrean lowland dress? END
START who are the only women who follow the tradition of covering half of their faces, though not their hair? END
START what do muslims in the highlands wear? END
START what do christians in the eritrean lowland wear? END
START what women in eritrea cover their hair? END
START what men in eritrea cover their hair? END
START what do rashaida women generally wear? END
START what are the most popular sports in eritrea? END
START what world record is held by eritrean athlete zersenay tadese? END
START what is the name of the multi-stage international cycling event held throughout eritrea? END
START who became the first black african riders to compete in the tour de france? END
START who became the first eritrean to ride the vuelta a espana in 2012? END
START who won the last tour of eritrea? END
START who is one of the members of the eritrea national cycling team? END
START what football team does didier drogba play for? END
START what was merhawi kudus wearing at the end of the 2015 tour de france? END
START who won the 2012 vuelta a espana? END
START who occupied the red sea coast during the last interglacial period? END
START how old were the obsidian tools that were discovered by the eritrean research project team? END
START where did the research project team find the obsidian tools? END
START what were the tools believed to have been used for by early humans? END
START what team was composed of eritrean, canadian, american, dutch and french scientists? END
START how long ago was the last interglacial period? END
START how long ago is it believed that early humans left africa? END
START what land resources are the early humans thought to have eaten? END
START in what year was the eritrean research project team formed? END
START what did the research team find in massawa? END
START when was the aussa sultanate established? END
START where was the aussa sultanate established? END
START who was the leader of afar in 1734? END
START what did kedafu establish in 1734? END
START what marked the start of a new and sophisticated polity that would last into the colonial period? END
START in what year was muhammed jasa born? END
START in what year was the afar leader kedafu born? END
START in what year did imam umar din bin adam ascend to the throne? END
START in what year did aussa collapse? END
START what area was the mudaito dynasty based in? END
START when did emperor yohannes ii die? END
START what did gen. oreste baratieri proclaim in the highlands along the eritrean coast? END
START what was the new colony of italia eritrea a colony of? END
START when was the treaty of wuchale signed? END
START what years was the treaty of wuchale formally binding? END
START in what year was emperor yohannes ii born? END
START in what year did king menelik of shewa first gain access to european arms and ammunition? END
START in what modern-day country is wuchale? END
START who was one of king menelik of shewa's rival kings? END
START who signed the treaty of wuchale for italy? END
START what did emperor haile selassie seek to annex in the 1950's? END
START who laid claim to eritrea and italian somaliland in a letter to franklin d. roosevelt? END
START why did the british and americans want to cede most of eritrea to the ethiopians? END
START who consistently requested that a referendum be held immediately to settle the question of eritrean sovereignty? END
START who did ethiopians support in world war ii? END
START in what decade did haile selassie become emperor of ethiopia? END
START what nation was part of the independence bloc of eritrean parties? END
START who was franklin d. roosevelt the leader of? END
START in what city was the first session of the united nations held? END
START who was leading italian somaliland during this time after world war ii? END
START how is the eritrean highway system named? END
START what are the three levels of road classification in eritrea? END
START what are t roads, the lowest level that typically serves local interests? END
START what are s roads, the mid-level that connects district capitals to regional capitals? END
START what are p roads, those that carry traffic between all major towns in eritrea? END
START what percentage of eritrea is estimated to adhere to christianity? END
START what percentage of eritrea is estimated to adhere to islam? END
START what do unrecognized faiths and denominations in eritrea have to undergo? END
START what does the government's registration system require religious groups to submit about their membership? END
START when did the eritrean government begin to officially recognize certain churches? END
START how many people followed animism according to the pew research center? END
START according to recent estimates, how many people follow just animism in eretria? END
START what percentage of people are in the eritrean catholic church according to recent estimates? END
START as of may 2002 what percentage of eritrean people were in the evangelical lutheran church? END
START what percentage of people attend the eritrean orthodox tewahedo church in recent years? END
START what ages are officially compulsary for education in eritrea? END
START what percentage of school-aged children are estimated to attend primary school? END
START what percentage of school-aged children are estimated to attend secondary school? END
START what is the student-teacher ratio in elementary schools? END
START what is the student-teacher ratio in secondary schools? END
START what percentage of children between seven and 13 can read and write? END
START what percentage of primary schools are open less than six hours per day? END
START what percentage of elementary schools are open less than six hours per day? END
START what percentage of elementary schools are open more than six hours per day? END
START what percentage of primary schools are open more than six hours per day? END
START what meat does a traditional eritrean stew consist of? END
START which neighbor does eritrean cuisine strongly resemble? END
START why does eritrean cooking tend to feature more seafood than ethiopian cuisine? END
START how does the texture of eritrean dishes compare to ethiopian meals? END
START what ingredients fo eritreans tend to use less of than ethiopians? END
START what kind of food is injera? END
START what protein is most popular in ethiopia? END
START what protein is in tsebhi dorho in eretria? END
START what do most ethiopians put in their spicy stew? END
START what do most ethiopians put in their tsebhi dorho? END
START what kind of uranium is sometimes used to shield radioactive materials in containers? END
START what is a strong source of radiation that is blocked by depleted uranium? END
START how is depleted uranium used in missile re-entry vehicles? END
START what trait causes depleted uranium to be used in gyroscopic compasses? END
START what type of alpha emitter is uranium? END
START what kind of uranium is always used to shield radioactive materials in containers? END
START what is a weak source of radiation that is blocked by depleted uranium? END
START how is depleted uranium not used in missile re-entry vehicles? END
START what trait causes depleted uranium not to be used in gyroscopic compasses? END
START what type of beta emitter is uranium? END
START what is another term for uranium ore? END
START who isolated radium in uranium ore? END
START in what types of paints was radium first used? END
START what devices were painted with radium paint? END
START along with red, blue, black, yellow and green, what was a notable color of uranium tile glaze? END
START what isn't another term for uranium ore? END
START who isolated radium in uranium core? END
START in what types of paints was radium last used? END
START what devices weren't painted with radium paint? END
START along with red, blue, black, yellow and green, what wasn't a notable color of uranium tile glaze? END
START what was the world's first artificial nuclear reactor? END
START in what state is the x-10 graphite reactor located? END
START along with the x-10 pile, what was the x-10 graphite reactor previously known as? END
START in what state is argonne national laboratory's experimental breeder reactor i located? END
START on what date did breeder reactor i first make electricity? END
START what was the world's last artificial nuclear reactor? END
START in what state is the x-01 graphite reactor located? END
START along with the x-10 pile, what was the x-10 graphite reactor never known as? END
START in what state is argonne national laboratory's experimental breeder reactor ii located? END
START on what date did breeder reactor ii first make electricity? END
START where does uranium rank among elements in terms of its abundance in the earth's crust? END
START where is uranium naturally formed? END
START along with potassium-40 and uranium, the decay of what element is a primary heat source driving plate tectonics? END
START in what state is the earth's outer core? END
START where does uranium rank among elements in terms of its abundance in the earth's atmosphere? END
START where is uranium unnaturally formed? END
START along with potassium-40 and uranium, the decay of what element is a primary cooling source driving plate tectonics? END
START in what state is the earth's inner core? END
START in what state is the earth's middle core? END
START what isotope of uranium was the first to be found fissile? END
START how many nuclei does uranium-235 usually divide into when bombarded with slow neutrons? END
START when a nuclear chain reaction in uranium-235 doesn't result in a burst of heat, what does it result in? END
START what is used to slow a chain reaction in a nuclear reactor? END
START what does a neutron poison absorb? END
START what isotope of uranium was the last to be found fissile? END
START how many nuclei does uranium-245 usually divide into when bombarded with slow neutrons? END
START when a nuclear chain reaction in uranium-245 doesn't result in a burst of heat, what does it result in? END
START what is used to speed a chain reaction in a nuclear reactor? END
START what does a neutron poison give off? END
START what type of complexes does uranium(vi) form in nature? END
START the presence of what substance at alkaline ph makes it difficult to precipitate uranium as phosphate? END
START what is bsar-1 a strain of? END
START what type of complexes does uranium(v) form in nature? END
START what type of complexes does uranium(vi) not form in nature? END
START the presence of what substance at alkaline ph makes it easy to precipitate uranium as phosphate? END
START what is bsar-2 a strain of? END
START what is bsar-1 not a strain of? END
START how much economically viable uranium is there in ore reserves, in millions of tonnes? END
START how many millions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources? END
START what was the price of uranium per pound as of may 2003? END
START in 2005, how much money was spent on uranium exploration? END
START how much money was spent to explore for uranium in 2006? END
START how much economically viable uranium is there in ore reserves, in billions of tonnes? END
START how many billions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources? END
START what was the price of uranium per kilo as of may 2003? END
START in 2015, how much money was spent on uranium exploration? END
START how much money was spent to explore for uranium in 2016? END
START when was it observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons results in beta ray emission? END
START who led the team that discovered that bombarding uranium with neutrons created beta ray emissions? END
START what was the name given by corbino to the incorrectly designated atomic number 94? END
START what was the job title of orso mario corbino? END
START who was the aunt of otto robert frisch? END
START when was it observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons results in gamma ray emission? END
START who led the team that discovered that bombarding uranium with neutrons created gamma ray emissions? END
START what was the name given by corbino to the incorrectly designated atomic number 194? END
START what wasn't the job title of orso mario corbino? END
START who was the uncle of otto robert frisch? END
START in what medium does the pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(vi)? END
START what notable carbonates are often water soluble? END
START what does a uranium(vi) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates? END
START in what medium does the pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(vii)? END
START in what medium does the pourbaix diagram change when carbonite anions interact with uranium(vi)? END
START what notable carbonates are unoften water soluble? END
START what does a uranium(vi) cation form when it binds to two terminal dioxides and three or more carbonates? END
START what does a uranium(vii) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates? END
START along with arsenic, what metal is roughly as abundant as uranium? END
START along with silver, mercury, tin and cadmium, what metal is uranium more plentiful than? END
START what is the most prevalent uranium ore? END
START what mineral sometimes contains uranium? END
START what types of rocks sometimes contain uranium? END
START along with arsenic, what metal is less abundant as uranium? END
START along with silver, mercury, tin and cadmium, what metal is uranium less plentiful than? END
START what is the least prevalent uranium ore? END
START what mineral always contains uranium? END
START what types of rocks never contain uranium? END
START what is the least prevalent major isotope of natural uranium? END
START what is the natural abundance of uranium-235? END
START what isotope of uranium is formed when 238u experiences spontaneous fission? END
START when uranium isotope is formed from the decay of neptunium-237? END
START what isotope is it theorized will form uranium-2343 after double beta decay? END
START what is the least prevalent major isotope of unnatural uranium? END
START what is the unnatural abundance of uranium-235? END
START what isotope of uranium is formed when 239u experiences spontaneous fission? END
START when uranium isotope is formed from the decay of neptunium-247? END
START what isotope is it theorized will form uranium-2343 after double alpha decay? END
START about how many tonnes of uranium is theorized to be present in the sea? END
START the presence of what substance in sea water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium? END
START what did ornl call their material that performs surface retention on solid molecules? END
START where were ornl's results verified? END
START when was hicap announced? END
START about how many tonnes of uranium is theorized to be absent in the sea? END
START the presence of what substance in fresh water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium? END
START what did ornl call their material that performs surface retention on liquid molecules? END
START where were ornl's results unverified? END
START when wasn't hicap announced? END
START what is the sole fissile isotope that occurs in nature? END
START what can be turned into plutonium-239 in a nuclear reactor? END
START what uranium isotope is produced from thorium? END
START along with uranium-235, what isotope is noted for having a high fission cross-section for slow neutrons? END
START what is 238u? END
START what is the sole fissile isotope that occurs out of nature? END
START what can't be turned into plutonium-239 in a nuclear reactor? END
START what uranium isotope is produced into thorium? END
START along with uranium-235, what isotope is noted for having a low fission cross-section for slow neutrons? END
START what is 239u? END
START what is osha? END
START what is the osha uranium exposure limit for an 8-hour workday? END
START what does rel stand for? END
START what is the niosh uranium exposure standard over an 8-hour workday? END
START at what level of exposure does uranium become imminently dangerous to health? END
START what is ohsa? END
START what is the osha uranium exposure limit for an 9-hour workday? END
START what doesn't rel stand for? END
START what is the niosh plutonium exposure standard over an 8-hour workday? END
START at what level of exposure doesn't uranium become imminently dangerous to health? END
START along with uo2, what is the commonest form of uranium oxide? END
START what is the stablest uranium compound? END
START in what form is uranium most often used as fuel for nuclear reactors? END
START along with uo2, what is the least commonest form of uranium oxide? END
START what is the least stable uranium compound? END
START in what form is uranium least often used as fuel for nuclear reactors? END
START what was the earliest year in recorded history that uranium oxide was used? END
START what color of ceramic glaze was extracted from uranium oxide? END
START in what county was glass with uranium oxide content found? END
START in what year was yellow uranium oxide glass discovered? END
START what institution did r.t. gunther belong to? END
START what was the latest year in recorded history that uranium oxide was used? END
START what color of ceramic glaze was subtracted from uranium oxide? END
START in what county was glass with uranium dioxide content found? END
START in what year was yellow uranium oxide glass undiscovered? END
START what institution did t.t. gunther belong to? END
START what was the first self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created by human beings called? END
START on what date was the first self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created artificially? END
START what project was fermi working for? END
START on the campus of what educational institution was chicago pile-1 created? END
START how many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in chicago pile-1? END
START what was the last self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created by human beings called? END
START on what date was the last self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created artificially? END
START what project wasn't fermi working for? END
START on the campus of what educational institution was chicago pile-11 created? END
START how many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in chicago pile-21? END
START along with lemon yellow, what color is produced in uranium glass? END
START who discovered uranium in pitchblende? END
START who was responsible for first isolating uranium? END
START who discovered that uranium was radioactive? END
START what was the first nuclear weapon used in a war called? END
START along with lemon yellow, what color is produced in uranium plastic? END
START who never discovered uranium in pitchblende? END
START who was responsible for last isolating uranium? END
START who discovered that uranium wasn't radioactive? END
START what was the last nuclear weapon used in a war called? END
START what percentage of uranium in nature is uranium-235? END
START what is the most prevalent natural isotope of uranium? END
START what is the term for the amount of uranium-235 needed to sustain a nuclear chain reaction? END
START what percentage of natural uranium is isotope 238? END
START along with gas cooled reactors, what type of reactor doesn't use uranium-235? END
START what percentage of uranium in nature is uranium-335? END
START what is the most prevalent unnatural isotope of uranium? END
START what is the term for the amount of uranium-335 needed to sustain a nuclear chain reaction? END
START what percentage of unnatural uranium is isotope 238? END
START along with gas heated reactors, what type of reactor doesn't use uranium-235? END
START what is uranium used for most often in the military? END
START what percentage of high-density penetrators is not made up of depleted uranium? END
START along with titanium, what element often makes up the portion of high-density penetrators not made of depleted uranium? END
START along with the balkans, in what geographical location did a war take place where the uk used depleted uranium munitions? END
START what illness is possibly tied to the use of depleted uranium munitions? END
START what is uranium used for least often in the military? END
START what percentage of low-density penetrators is not made up of depleted uranium? END
START along with titanium, what element rarely makes up the portion of high-density penetrators not made of depleted uranium? END
START along with the balkans, in what geographical location did a war take place where the un used depleted uranium munitions? END
START what illness is definitely tied to the use of depleted uranium munitions? END
START who discovered uranium? END
START in what city was uranium discovered? END
START in what year did the discovery of uranium occur? END
START what did klaproth probably create when he dissolved pitchblende in nitric acid? END
START who discovered the planet uranus? END
START who discovered plutonium? END
START n what city wasn't uranium discovered? END
START in what year didn't the discovery of uranium occur? END
START what did klaproth definitely create when he dissolved pitchblende in nitric acid? END
START who never discovered the planet uranus? END
START what percentage range of uranium oxide is usually contained in low-grade uranium ore? END
START along with underground, open pit and in-situ leaching, what sort of mining is used to mine uranium? END
START in what country are high-grade uranium ores notably found? END
START in what province of canada is the athabasca basin? END
START what is the average percentage of uranium oxide contained in the ores mined in the athabasca basin? END
START what percentage range of uranium dioxide is usually contained in low-grade uranium ore? END
START along with underground, open pit and in-situ leaching, what sort of mining is used to expel uranium? END
START in what country are high-grade uranium ores not found? END
START in what state of canada is the athabasca basin? END
START what is the average percentage of uranium dioxide contained in the ores mined in the athabasca basin? END
START what was the uranium-based bomb made by the us in world war ii called? END
START what was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb created in the second world war? END
START on what date was little boy detonated? END
START what was the equivalent yield in tnt of the little boy bomb, in tonnes? END
START over what city was little boy detonated? END
START what was the uranium-based bomb made by the us in world war i called? END
START what was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb destroyed in the second world war? END
START on what date wasn't little boy detonated? END
START what was the equivalent yield in tnt of the little boy bomb, in pounds? END
START over what city wasn't little boy detonated? END
START as of 2005, what country was the largest producer of uranium oxides? END
START what percentage of world uranium oxide production is produced by argentina? END
START what country produced 5.5% of the world's concentrated uranium oxide in 2005? END
START how many tonnes of uranium was australia expected to produce in 2009? END
START how many countries produced concentrated uranium oxides in 2005? END
START as of 2015, what country was the largest producer of uranium oxides? END
START what percentage of world uranium oxide production isn't produced by argentina? END
START what country produced 5.5% of the world's concentrated uranium oxide in 2015? END
START how many pounds of uranium was australia expected to produce in 2009? END
START how many countries produced concentrated uranium oxides in 2015? END
START who was the soviet union's opponent in the cold war? END
START how many nuclear warheads can be made with 540 metric tons of highly enriched weapons grade uranium? END
START what was the expenditure of the material protection, control, and accounting program between 1993 and 2005? END
START what is another term for uranium that is enriched? END
START approximately how many times did police capture shipments of bomb-grade plutonium or uranium between 1993 and 2005? END
START who was the soviet union's ally in the cold war? END
START how many nuclear warheads can be made with 450 metric tons of highly enriched weapons grade uranium? END
START what was the expenditure of the material protection, control, and accounting program between 1995 and 2005? END
START what is another term for uranium that is not enriched? END
START approximately how many times did police capture shipments of bomb-grade plutonium or uranium between 1993 and 2003? END
START what is the color of u4+? END
START what state is represented by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound is formed by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START what common complex is formed by the uo2+ 2 ion with organic chelating agents? END
START what is the color of u4-? END
START what state isn't represented by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound isn't formed by the uo2+ 2 ion? END
START what uncommon complex is formed by the uo2+ 2 ion with organic chelating agents? END
START what microorganism can notably absorb a very high concentrate of uranium? END
START what lichen is known to absorb a uranium concentration nearly 300 times higher than the amount in the environment? END
START what is given to citrobacter to cause it to absorb uranyl ions? END
START what protobacterium notably bioremediates ground water uranium? END
START what fungus is known to cause uranium content in its symbiotic plant roots to increase? END
START what macroorganism can notably absorb a very high concentrate of uranium? END
START what lichen is known to absorb a uranium concentration nearly 400 times higher than the amount in the environment? END
START what is taken from citrobacter to cause it to absorb uranyl ions? END
START what protobacterium never bioremediates ground water uranium? END
START what fungus is known to cause uranium content in its symbiotic plant roots to decrease? END
START at what temperature range in degrees fahrenheit will uranium metal form uranium hydride? END
START what does uranium metal react with to create uranium hydride? END
START above what temperature is the  form of uranium hydride created? END
START along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often created with uranium hydride? END
START how many crystal modifications of uranium hydride are extant? END
START at what temperature range in degrees fahrenheit won't uranium metal form uranium hydride? END
START what doesn't uranium metal react with to create uranium hydride? END
START above what temperature is the  form of uranium hydride destroyed? END
START along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often destroyed with uranium hydride? END
START how many crystal modifications of plutonium hydride are extant? END
START along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a notable carbide of uranium? END
START below what temperature is u2c3 stable? END
START along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a unnotable carbide of uranium? END
START below what temperature is u2c3 unstable? END
START between what percent fraction range of uranium-235 is uranium regarded as enriched? END
START what is the maximum uranium-235 isotope concentration for uranium to be considered depleted? END
START in what year did the cost of uranium notably begin to increase? END
START what was the price of a kilogram of depleted uranium hexafluoride in 2001? END
START how much did a kilogram of depleted uranium hexafluoride cost as of july 2007? END
START between what percent fraction range of uranium-235 is uranium regarded as unenriched? END
START what is the maximum uranium-235 isotope concentration for plutonium to be considered depleted? END
START in what year did the cost of uranium notably begin to decrease? END
START what was the price of a pound of depleted uranium hexafluoride in 2001? END
START how much did a pound of depleted uranium hexafluoride cost as of july 2007? END
START along with the heart, brain and liver, what system is notably affected by exposure to uranium? END
START what is the main form of 238u decay? END
START what type of uranium compounds are uranium trioxide and uranyl nitrate? END
START at what temperature will grains of uranium metal spontaneously ignite in air? END
START along with the heart, brain and liver, what system is notably unaffected by exposure to uranium? END
START what is the main form of 239u decay? END
START what type of uranium compounds are uranium dioxide and uranyl nitrate? END
START at what temperature will grains of plutonium metal spontaneously ignite in air? END
START what is the name of the most widely used enrichment process? END
START what compound is uf6? END
START what enrichment process was used by the manhattan project? END
START in the gaseous diffusion process, what is diffused through a silver-zinc membrane? END
START how does the weight of uranium-238 compare to that of uranium-235? END
START what is the name of the least widely used enrichment process? END
START what compound is uf5? END
START what enrichment process wasn't used by the manhattan project? END
START in the gaseous diffusion process, what is diffused through a gold-zinc membrane? END
START how does the height of uranium-238 compare to that of uranium-235? END
START what is uranium's symbol on the periodic table of elements? END
START what is the atomic number of uranium? END
START what color is uranium? END
START of what series in the periodic table of elements is uranium a part? END
START how many valence electrons are contained in an atom of uranium? END
START what isn't uranium's symbol on the periodic table of elements? END
START what isn't the atomic number of uranium? END
START what shape is uranium? END
START of what series in the periodic table of elements is uranium not a part? END
START how many valence electrons aren't contained in an atom of uranium? END
START what non-metal elements does uranium notably not react to? END
START along with nitric acids, what acids dissolve uranium? END
START what coats uranium metal in air? END
START what is a notable form uranium ore is converted into after extraction? END
START what reacts with finely divided uranium? END
START what non-metal elements does uranium notably react to? END
START along with nitric acids, what acids dissolve in uranium? END
START what coats uranium metal in liquid? END
START what is a notable form uranium ore is converted into before extraction? END
START what reacts with finely multiplied uranium? END
START during what war was uranium-235 first used to create nuclear weapons? END
START from what isotope of uranium is plutonium-239 derived? END
START what is mixed with tritium and experiences nuclear fusion in a fission/fusion bomb? END
START what is another name for a fission/fusion bomb? END
START what does non-fissile mean? END
START during what war was uranium-235 last used to create nuclear weapons? END
START from what isotope of uranium is plutonium-249 derived? END
START what isn't mixed with tritium and experiences nuclear fusion in a fission/fusion bomb? END
START what is another name for a fission/fusion boat? END
START what does fissile mean? END
START what product of uranium was used as toner? END
START along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission electron microscopy? END
START what light bulbs use lamp filaments containing uranium? END
START along with leather, what industry uses uranium in dyes and stains? END
START in addition to wool, what is uranium salt a mordant of? END
START what product of uranium wasn't used as toner? END
START along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission proton microscopy? END
START what light bulbs don't use lamp filaments containing uranium? END
START along with leather, what industry uses no uranium in dyes and stains? END
START in addition to wool, what isn't uranium salt a mordant of? END
START of what nationality was perrin? END
START in what county was the oklo mine located? END
START how old are the ore deposits in the oklo mine? END
START when the oklo mine ore deposits came into being, what percentage of uranium on earth consisted of uranium-235? END
START where in the united states is there a nuclear waste repository? END
START of what nationality wasn't perrin? END
START in what country was the oklo mine not located END
START how old are the ore deposits in the oslo mine? END
START when the oklo mine ore deposits came into being, what percentage of uranium on earth consisted of uranium-253? END
START where in the united states is there no nuclear waste repository? END
START how many times more abundant than silver is uranium in the earth's crust? END
START how many kilograms of uranium may be contained in the oceans? END
START why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so high? END
START what is the concentration of uranium in sea water? END
START how many times less abundant than silver is uranium in the earth's crust? END
START how many pounds of uranium may be contained in the oceans? END
START why is the concentrate of uranium in farmland so low? END
START what is the concentration of uranium in fresh water? END
START what is the concentration of plutonium in sea water? END
START what isotope of uranium has the most stability? END
START about how old is the earth? END
START what is the half-life of uranium-234? END
START what fraction of the earth's uranium was uranium-235 during the earth's youth? END
START what percentage of the alpha rays of natural uranium are emitted by 234u? END
START what isotope of uranium has the least stability? END
START about how gold is the earth? END
START what is the full-life of uranium-234? END
START what fraction of the earth's uranium was uranium-237 during the earth's youth? END
START what percentage of the gamma rays of natural uranium are emitted by 234u? END
START what happens to a majority of ingested uranium? END
START up to what percentage of uranyl ion can be absorbed when ingested? END
START about what percentage of uranium oxide is absorbed when ingested? END
START what does uranium have an affinity for? END
START where does uranium accumulate in the body? END
START what happens to a minority of ingested uranium? END
START up to what percentage of uranyl ion can be absorbed when digested? END
START about what percentage of uranium dioxide is absorbed when ingested? END
START what does uranium not have an affinity for? END
START where doesn't uranium accumulate in the body? END
START what contains a distribution of uranium deoxidation species in various forms ranging from most oxidized to least oxidized? END
START what contains a distribution of uranium oxidation species in no forms ranging from most oxidized to least oxidized? END
START what will generally be less oxidized than those with short retention times or particles recovered in the stack scrubber? END
START what will generally be less oxidized than those with long retention times or particles replaced in the stack scrubber? END
START what will never be less oxidized than those with long retention times or particles recovered in the stack scrubber? END
START how were the appointments to the order of the british empire made? END
START what evolved as the commonwealth nominations continued? END
START what remained the head of state of the british empire? END
START why did the oversea nominations discontinue? END
START what countries established new orders? END
START who could wear a emblem of two crossed silver oak leaves? END
START what was the emblem? END
START what year was it replaced? END
START what kind of medal was replaced in 1974? END
START they continued to wear what the insignia of what? END
START who are appointed to citizens of nations? END
START where was queen elizabeth ll not head of state? END
START what is honorary appointees are incorrectly referred to? END
START who are examples of sir of dame? END
START what is an example of irish broadcaster? END
START who are the six officials of the order? END
START who serves as the order's prelate? END
START who was the dean of st. paul? END
START who is not a member of the college of arms? END
START what is the usher of the order? END
START who was discontinued in the commonwealth realms? END
START who established a national system of honours and awards? END
START how were the different levels of award and honour reflected the imperial system? END
START what were the highest class? END
START who were mbe's? END
START in what year was the beatles made mbe's? END
START who compared military membership in the order? END
START who said "lots of people who complained about us receiving the mbe received thris for heroism in the war. END
START when did john lennon return his mbe insignia? END
START who was the most excellent order of the british empire? END
START who rewarded contributions to the arts and sciences? END
START when was the order of chivalry of british constitutional monarchy established? END
START who established the chivalry of british constiutional monarchy? END
START who is the recipient? END
START what was instituted to serve as a lower award granting recipients affiliation? END
START in what year was the medal of the order of the british empire established? END
START what was the medal renamed as? END
START when was it stopped being rewarded? END
START how many bem's were awarded for the queen's diamond jubilee? END
START from what year could the sovereign appoint a person as commander, officer or member of the order of the british empire? END
START of what acts did the members of the order of the british empire appoint? END
START what grade was determined? END
START when was the awards designated the order of the british empire for gallantry? END
START who would prefix sir, and dames grand cross? END
START who would prefix dame, to their forenames? END
START who would prefix lady to their surnames? END
START such forms are not used by whom? END
START who wouldn't use the title sir of dame? END
START who has set honours awarded by the president of india? END
START who holds a republican position some consider to monarch of britain? END
START what is referred to as the padma awards? END
START what does the padma awards consist of? END
START what does not carry any decoration or insignia that can be worn on the person? END
START how many knights are in the order? END
START how many knights and dames commander? END
START how many commanders are in the order? END
START how many officers and members maybe be appointed per year? END
START who has the highest numbers of the british orders of chivalry? END
START what are the members of classes of the order assigned to? END
START who of the male members feature on the order? END
START who are not assigned any special precedence? END
START who can individuals derive precedence from? END
START who can individuals can not derive precedence from? END
START for what do circadian rhythms let an organism prepare? END
START what can an organism that uses circadian rhythms use to its advantage that others can not? END
START by better using resources, how does that improve an organism's chances of surviving? END
START by improving what processes does the use of circadian rhythms serve to benefit the individual? END
START what insect has been studied concerning the inheritability of rhythms? END
START what allows organisms to anticipate and prepare for unexpected environmental changes? END
START what kind of resources can organisms without circadian rhythms capitalize on? END
START what do circadian rhythms put at a selective disadvantage in evolutionary terms? END
START what is rhythmicity more important for regulating then it is for coordinating with the environment? END
START what type of animals have been shown to have circadian rhythms only at certain times? END
START what daily feature do animals that show limited circadian rhythms need? END
START in a study, when did reindeer at 70 degrees north only show circadian rhythms? END
START at what degree north did reindeer show rhythms only in autumn and summer? END
START what aninmals  do researchers think might also show a variance in circadian rhythms in different seasons? END
START when do subarctic animals have circadian rythms? END
START when do reindeer below 70 degrees show circadian rythems? END
START what reinder at 78 degrees do not show circadian rythems? END
START what animals show circadian rythems during the costant light of summer? END
START what produces a self-sustaining rhythm? END
START when do the cca1  and lhy function? END
START which loop that consists of gi and elf4 functions? END
START what was the previous belief of feedback in the gene loop? END
START what researcher showed that the gene  feedback loop serves as a repressor? END
START what is driven by  single feedback loop? END
START when do cca1 elf4 function? END
START when do gi and lhy function? END
START what does increased mrna signals contribute to? END
START what did andrew millar show in 2000? END
START what is the drosophila gene the cause of? END
START what is the drosophila gene also known as? END
START what is familial advanced sleep phase syndrome? END
START what kind of clock have genetic functions? END
START what does the body interpret from the gene feedback loop? END
START what jean is responsible for the circadian rhythm? END
START what kind of clock does not have genetic functions? END
START how do cells of the body interpret fluctuations in light? END
START what does a defect in the period genome cause? END
START whose work habits and environment prevents them from maintaining a regular sleep pattern? END
START what can the lack of regular sleep patterns cause? END
START what organizations cites this disruption of sleep patterns as a cause of accidents? END
START what has the ntsb conducted to find the cause of pilot fatigue? END
START of what does the ntsb want to find a means of doing? END
START who follows a very natural human circadian rhythem? END
START what does a natural circadian rhythem lead to? END
START who conducted studies on sewardes fatigue? END
START what is the earliest recorded instance of circadian rhythm? END
START what ship captain described daily leaf movements? END
START what tree leaves did androsthenes describe? END
START what type of chinese texts mention circadian process in humans? END
START when did the chinese use diurnal rhythms to remember acu-points? END
START what was first recorded in 400 bc? END
START what did alexander the great described? END
START what philosophers first described the diurnal process in humans? END
START what was first described in medical texts during the 1300s? END
START what did androsthenes use the noon and midnight manual for? END
START what is the plant expression of circadian rhythm? END
START what do plants need to attract to their flowering? END
START  with what feature of environment do plants need to be in sync? END
START what does adaptive advantage allow for plants? END
START where can an understanding of circadian rhythms of plants be an advantage? END
START what plant behavior is not controlled by circadian rythems?? END
START what are constant but not self sustaining? END
START what needs to be in sync with ambient temperatures? END
START what has the simplest known circadian clock? END
START with how many proteins can the circadian clock of synechococcus elongatus are needed to reproduce its effect? END
START what type of feedback mechanism was previously thought to be needed to sustain the clock? END
START how long a rhythm were researchers able to sustain in the in vitro experiment? END
START what were the only proteins necessary to the circadian timekeeper experiment? END
START what organism has the most complex circadian clock? END
START where can the circadian clock of theprokaryotic cyanobacteria be reconstituted? END
START what was the minimum amount of time the clock could be sustained in vitro? END
START what three proteins needed to be removed to sustain the in vitro clock? END
START to what is the circadian rhythm tied? END
START what conditions will produce a free-running rhythm in humans? END
START what are the environmental factors that can change the rhythm? END
START what do blind mole rats have in place of vision? END
START what cycle is seperate from the circadian rythem? END
START what does total light cause in humans? END
START what is the term for the environmental cues that dertermine daily rythems? END
START what kind of mammals need external stimuli to maintain their endogenous clock? END
START what chemical is absent or low during daylight? END
START when is the melatonin onset? END
START at its onset, what can be measured in blood or saliva? END
START the presence of what is a circadian marker? END
START what are the more reliable markers in determining sleep timing? END
START when is meletonin found in the system? END
START what starts to decrease at 9 p.m. END
START what is more stable than the melatonin offset? END
START what is melatonin phase not a reliable marker for? END
START what physical factor must be continuously monitored during temperature studies>  END
START at what time does the average adult human reach his lowest temperature? END
START how long before wake time is the lowest temperature reached? END
START when does the temperature of morning type young adults reach its lowest? END
START what is the time of lowest temperature for evening type young adults? END
START what physical factor must be periodicly monitored in temperature studies? END
START what do evening types reach at 4:00 a.m? END
START what occurs close to waking for morning types? END
START who reaches their minimum temperature in the middle of their waking hours? END
START who noticed that sleepiness increases and decreases in a 24 hour period? END
START who showed the animals could maintain activity in the absence of light and temperature changes? END
START what animals rhythmic feeding times were studied in the early 20th century ? END
START what gene did konopka and benzer map in the early 1970 s? END
START what mutation did takahashi discover in 1994? END
START who observed that sleepiness remained steady over twenty-four hour period? END
START what did patrick and gilbert show in 1918? END
START what was noticed in the rhythmic feeding time of birds in the early twentieth century? END
START what did ingeborg beling and oskar wahl isolate in the early 1970s? END
START inside of what can the molecular circadian clock operate? END
START by functioning within a single, what is the system? END
START what section of the brain periodically releases hormones? END
START how are sleep and wake cycles as well as body functions coordinated? END
START what do body hormone receptors do with the body's organs? END
START what requires multiple cells to function? END
START what results in a synchronized output electrical signals? END
START what section of the brain rarely releases hormones? END
START where in the body are receptors for electrical signals located? END
START what is timed independently of the biological clock? END
START what signals plants to synchronize their internal clocks? END
START what do plants use to sense light? END
START what receptors absorb red and blue light in plants? END
START which phytochrome found in seedlings deteriorates with light and growth? END
START what is the main phytochrome found in seedling grown in light? END
START what absorbes white light for plants? END
START what does cry 1 degrade to? END
START what is cry 1 is the main phytochtome for? END
START what photochromes are less stable than phya? END
START what time cycle did studies in 1938 and 1990s use on humans? END
START what conditions were suppressed in the 28 hour wake-sleep cycle studies ? END
START how long did the suppression of time clues study last? END
START what is this forced type of study called? END
START when in the cycle do wake-sleep cycles break off from the circadian period? END
START what did kleitman do in the 1990's? END
START whar dir czeisler do in 1938? END
START when can normal people adjust to a 28 hr sleep cycle? END
START what happens at 24.5 hours? END
START what effect does jet-lag and shift-work have on the human body? END
START animals that eat during resting periods show what body increase? END
START how does irregular eating during shift-work effect insulin? END
START besides insulin sensitivity, what other effect does shift-work have on the body? END
START what type of work can lead to heart, hypertension and inflammation? END
START what does shift work have little effect on? END
START what causes animals to have decreased body mass? END
START what decreases insulin sensativity? END
START what kind of work leads to lower body mass? END
START what do studies show has a bidirectional relationship with the circadian system? END
START what do abusive drugs effect in the circadian system? END
START what do drug abusers show in their circadian processes? END
START what can the disrupted circadian system cause? END
START what can disruption to genetics and environment in the sleep cycle cause? END
START what studies show a minor relationship between the circadian system and drug abuse? END
START what is displayed by individuals when not abusing drugs? END
START what do steady rhythms increase? END
START what may be increased by a person's normal sleep and wake cycle? END
START what is theorized to have evolved with circadian rhythms? END
START what is thought that circadian rhythm evolved to protect? END
START from what did  dna need to be protected in the earliest cells?  END
START one possible reason for the development of the circadian system is the need to counteract what ? END
START what environmental event occurred 2.3 million years ago? END
START what type of proteins developed as a result of circadian rhythms? END
START what developed to protect replicating dna from ultraviolet radiation and night? END
START what type of replication is only done during the day? END
START what simple organism provides evidence the dna replicates at night? END
START what event occurred approximately 2.3 million years ago? END
START what is the body clock gene in animals necessary to ensure? END
START what do mice without the clock gene become? END
START beside obesity, how else does the lack of a circadian clock effect   the mice? END
START how certain is it that these circadian clock  effects are the same in humans? END
START what gene needs to be deleted to cause obesity in mice? END
START what does thhe addition of the clock gene in mice demonstrate? END
START what happens to mice with the clock gene? END
START what facilitates nondiiet induced obesity in mice? END
START what effects are proven to be identical in mice and humans? END
START deletion of what gene in himans causes diabetes? END
START where is the primary circadian gene located in humans? END
START where are these cell groups found in humans? END
START what would the loss of the scn cells cause in the sleep-wake rhythm? END
START what provides information to the scn? END
START what special cells in the eyes communicate directly to the scn cells? END
START where is the secondary circadian clocl located? END
START what surrounds the hypothalamus? END
START what do the scn cells cause in the sleep-wake rythem? END
START what do the scn recieve through the skin? END
START what does the pupil contain that are directly photosensative? END
START what did early research show people preferred as a day length? END
START what was the fault not considered in the early theories of day length? END
START what did electric lighting in the evening do to the test subjects circadian phase? END
START when did more stringent testing determine that humans preferred a 24 hour day?  END
START to what is the 24 hours, 11 minutes day outcome of research closest ? END
START who prefers a 25 hour day when exposed to stimuli like daylight? END
START what did the research shield the participants from? END
START who was aware of the phase-delaying effect of indoor ekectric lights? END
START when did testing determine peple preferred a 25 hour day? END
START who estimated the human rythem was in perfect sinc with the solar day? END
START where else beside the scn cells are independent circadian rhythms also found? END
START what is the term for the independent clocks? END
START what is the scn considered to be in comparison to the peripheral oscillators? END
START in what body gland are the peripheral oscillators located? END
START to what do oscillators in the skin respond? END
START where are dependent circadian rythems found? END
START what is the term for dependent clocks? END
START what in the skin responds to temperature? END
START what structures are strong oscillators? END
START who is the world's oldest reigning monarch? END
START than which queen has elizabeth ruled longer? END
START how is victoria related to elizabeth? END
START in what year did elizabeth pass victoria's length of rule? END
START in the history of what is elizabeth the longest reigning queen? END
START what was the last year that elizabeth did a state visit in the republic of ireland? END
START when was the last year elizabeth traveled to the vatican to visit the pope? END
START who had the shortest reign on the british throne? END
START when was the last year the pope traveled to england to meet elizabeth? END
START who became queen of england at the youngest age? END
START who did england propose to affiliate with wales to quell welsh nationalism? END
START why did britain not want elizabeth to associate with conscientious objectors? END
START what did elizabeth join in 1946? END
START who was the always the prince of wales? END
START who wanted to name elizabeth princess of wales? END
START in what year was the welsh league of youth established? END
START in what year did herbert morrison become home secretary? END
START in what year was the welsh gorsedd of bards established? END
START who rejected the idea of elizabeth being appointed as the constable of caernarfon castle? END
START who rejected the idea of elizabeth being appointed as patron of urdd gobaith cymru? END
START when were elizabeth and philip married? END
START at what famous cathedral was elizabeth married? END
START how many wedding gifts did elizabeth and philip receive? END
START who designed elizabeth's wedding gown? END
START what former king was not invited to the wedding? END
START how many gifts did elizabeth and philip receive from british citizens? END
START how many people attended elizabeth and philip's wedding? END
START how many sisters did philip have in all? END
START in what year did king edward viii abdicate the throne? END
START how many ration coupons did elizabeth need to buy for her gown? END
START who did princess margaret want to marry? END
START what did queen elizabeth ask margaret to do instead of marring townsend? END
START what act would the church of england not permit? END
START who did princess margaret marry in 1960? END
START what title was armstrong-jones given? END
START what is the name of one of peter townsend's sons? END
START in what year did princess margaret break up with peter townsend? END
START how much older was antony armstrong-jones than princess margaret? END
START what was the earl of snowdon named? END
START what was martin charteris' marital status in 1960? END
START aside from her choice of eden's successor, what crisis caused elizabeth to be criticized? END
START what did lord altrincham accuse elizabeth of being? END
START when did macmillan resign? END
START who did elizabeth appoint as prime minister after the resignation of macmillan? END
START when was a formal mechanism for electing the minister adopted? END
START in what year did lord altrincham begin to own a newspaper? END
START who was one of the prominent people who criticized elizabeth for appointing the earl of home as prime minister? END
START in what year did lord altrincham die? END
START how many ministers did elizabeth consult before naming eden as the prime minister? END
START in what year did the earl of home receive his title? END
START during the australian constitutional crisis, what prime minister was dismissed? END
START who dismissed whilam from the post of australian prime minister? END
START what did whitlam have in the house of representatives? END
START who appealed to elizabeth to reverse the dismissal of whitlam? END
START what did elizabeth decline to do in response to the appeal by scholes? END
START in what year did gough whitlam become prime minister of australia? END
START in what year did sir john kerr become governor-general of australia? END
START in what year did gordon scholes become speaker of the house of representatives in australia? END
START who wanted queen elizabeth to approve of sir john kerr's decision to dismiss gough whitlam? END
START when did elizabeth support constitutional amendments in canada? END
START what politician criticized the proposed changes? END
START in 1987 what elected government was removed in a coup? END
START what did coup leader sitiveni rabuka declare fiji to be? END
START in 1991 what money issue of the queen was a feature of public criticism? END
START what government was pierre trudeau prime minister of in 1987? END
START in what year did ratu sir penaia ganilau become governor-general of fiji? END
START in what year did it's a royal knockout air? END
START who was one of the younger royals who appeared on it's a royal knockout? END
START who in the press made estimates about the queen's private wealth? END
START what did elizabeth celebrate in 2002? END
START when did elizabeth's mother die in 2002? END
START what relative of elizabeth died in february of 2002? END
START how many people in london attended each day of the the three day event?  END
START what group was surprised by the public's approval of the queen? END
START in what year was the king's house in jamaica built? END
START what was elizabeth's mother's name? END
START where did elizabeth realms tour end in 2002? END
START in what month did elizabeth's tour of her realms end in 2002? END
START how many people saw elizabeth when she was in jamaica? END
START when did elizabeth open the summer olympics in montreal? END
START when did queen elizabeth open the summer olympics in london? END
START for what event did elizabeth appear in a film as part of the opening ceremonies? END
START what actor also appeared with elizabeth in the film? END
START for what activity related to the film industry did elizabeth receive a bafta award? END
START who directed the short film elizabeth appeared in for the 2012 summer olympics? END
START on what date did the summer olympics start in 2012? END
START who was the seventh actor to portray james bond? END
START in what year did the bafta awards start? END
START what has been a subject of speculation concerning elizabeth's wealth? END
START what was elizabeth's wealth extimated to be in 1971? END
START what did the palace call estimates of elizabeth wealth in 1993? END
START what did the sunday times estimate elizabeth's fortune to be in 2015? END
START where does elizabeth's wealth place her in the list of the richest in the uk? END
START in what year did jock colville become elizabeth's private secretary? END
START how much was elizabeth worth in 1993 according to buckingham palace? END
START who is the wealthiest person in the uk as of 2015? END
START in what year did jock colville leave elizabeth's service? END
START in what year did jock colville become the director of the coutts bank? END
START when was elizabeth's coronation? END
START when was elizabeth's diamond jubilee? END
START how old was elizabeth's father at the time of his death? END
START how did prince philip's uncle, lord mounbatten, die? END
START in what year did elizabeth's  son's ex-wife die? END
START in what year was lord mountbatten assassinated? END
START how old was elizabeth when her mother died? END
START how did elizabeth's father die? END
START in what year did diana, princess of wales, marry elizabeth's son? END
START how old was lord mountbatten when he was assassinated? END
START when was the coronation of elizabeth as queen? END
START how was much of the ceremony of elizabeth's coronation presented to the public? END
START what commonwealth symbols were embroidered on elizabeth's gown? END
START what is the emblem of england? END
START what people have a thistle for their commonwealth emblem? END
START when was the first ceremony at westminster abbey to be broadcast on the radio? END
START what floral emblem was highest on elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START what floral emblem was lowest on elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START what floral emblem was most prominent on elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START what floral emblem was on the back of elizabeth's coronation dress? END
START when did elizabeth address the un general assembly? END
START what parliamentary session did elizabeth open in 1957 while on tour?  END
START on a tour to ghana in 1961 what did elizabeth dismiss as a fear? END
START in 1964 what was reported that quebec extremists planned ? END
START in 1961 what was the first country elizabeth made a state visit to? END
START in 1961 what was the last country elizabeth made a state visit to? END
START in what year did president kwame nkrumah of ghana replace elizabeth as the head of state? END
START in what canadian city is the canadian parliament? END
START in what year did harold macmillan die? END
START what jubilee did elizabeth celebrate in 1977? END
START when did princess margaret separate from her husband? END
START in what year did nicolae ceausescu visit the uk? END
START who, in 1979, was discovered to be a communist spy? END
START what group assassinated lord mountbatten? END
START in what year did princess margaret divorce her husband? END
START in what year did nicolae ceausescu become the communist dictator of romania? END
START in what year did anthony blunt cease to be the surveyor of the queen's pictures? END
START in what year did nicolae ceausescu die? END
START in what year did anthony blunt die? END
START as what was elizabeth portrayed in the 1950s? END
START what was the time after wwii heralded as? END
START of what did lord altrincham say elizabeth's speeches resembled? END
START what investiture featuring prince charles was televised in the late 1960s? END
START in the 1960s, what did elizabeth begin wearing to events ? END
START in what year did lord altrincham receive his lordship? END
START what does prince charles tend to wear out in public? END
START who directed the television documentary royal family in the late 1960s? END
START who first called it a "new elizabethan age"? END
START what has prince charles been accused of by one of his critics? END
START what famous jewelry collection is held in trust by elizabeth? END
START what residences of elizabeth are held in trust and not owned by elizabeth? END
START what scottish estate is privately owned by elizabeth? END
START how much is the worth of the british crown estate? END
START how is the british crown estate held by elizabeth? END
START how much is buckingham palace said to be worth as of 2014? END
START where are the crown jewels on display? END
START where does elizabeth spend most of her time nowadays? END
START how much was elizabeth worth as of 2014? END
START as of 2014 how much is windsor castle worth? END
START who was elizabeth only sibling?p END
START when was princess margaret born? END
START where were the royal princesses educated? END
START who was marion crawford to the princesses? END
START what was the title of the book written by crawford about the princesses? END
START what was elizabeth and princess margaret's mothers name? END
START what did princess margaret love as a child? END
START what attitude of princess margaret did marion crawford wrote she had? END
START in what year did marion crawford die? END
START in what year was margaret rhodes born? END
START at what age was elizabeth when she went on her first solo public appearance? END
START where did elizabeth visit on her first solo public appearance? END
START in case of her father's absence, in what capacity could elizabeth act?  END
START when did elizabeth join the women's auxiliary territorial service? END
START in what capacity did elizabeth serve in the auxiliary? END
START in what year was the women's auxiliary territorial service started? END
START in what year was the grenadier guards started? END
START how old was elizabeth in july 1944? END
START how old was elizabeth in february 1945? END
START where did philip serve during wwii? END
START to whom did philip's sisters marry? END
START what did elizabeth's mother call philip? END
START what did elizabeth's mother later say that philip was? END
START what did crawford report that some of the king's advisers thought of philip? END
START what was marion crawford a member of? END
START what nationality was philip? END
START who was one of philip's sisters? END
START what was the king's name? END
START what was the state of george vi's health during 1951? END
START on what date did elizabeth's father, king george vi, die? END
START in what country was elizabeth when george vi died? END
START in what month in 1951 did george vi's health start to decline? END
START in what year did martin charteris become elizabeth's private secretary? END
START on what date did the royal part arrive back in the uk? END
START did elizabeth tour australia or new zealand first? END
START in what month in 1952 did elizabeth and philip set out for their tour of australia and new zealand? END
START when did the prime ministers of britain and france discuss the idea of france joining the commonwealth? END
START what did france sign instead of joining the commonwealth? END
START what did the treaty of rome establish? END
START to what was the european economic community the precurser? END
START when did britain and france invade egypt? END
START in what year did sir anthony eden become the british prime minister? END
START in what year did guy mollet become the french prime minister? END
START in what year was the suez canal dig completed? END
START what was the first country britain invaded during queen elizabeth's rule? END
START in what year did queen elizabeth get crowned? END
START when did the decolonization of africa and the caribbean accelerate? END
START how many countries got independence from britain during decolonization? END
START when did britain join the european community? END
START what did the rhodesian president declare in 1965? END
START in spite of sanctions by the international community, how long did the ian smith's regime last? END
START what was the first african country to gain independence from britain? END
START in what year did ian smith become the prime minister of rhodesia? END
START in what year was the european community established? END
START in what year did rhodesia cease to exist? END
START what was the last of 20 countries to gain independence from britain? END
START during what ceremony were shots fired at the queen? END
START who was the assailant who shot at queen elizabeth?  END
START which of elizabeth's sons served in the falklands war? END
START who was the intruder elizabeth awoke to find in her bedroom? END
START what island's invasion angered elizabeth? END
START in what year did ronald reagan order the invasion of grenada? END
START in what month in 1982 did ronald reagan visit windsor castle? END
START in what month in 1983 did elizabeth visit reagan's california ranch? END
START what was elizabeth's horses name in 1983? END
START how many years did michael fagan serve for breaking into buckingham palace? END
START what political feeling is still a minority view in britain? END
START what state of affairs produced revelations and problems for elizabeth? END
START in spite of criticisms what kind of approval ratings did elizabeth have? END
START what institution was being criticized during the time of charles and diana's breakup? END
START when did elizabeth write to tell charles and diana to get a divorce? END
START what was the majority viewpoint politically in the 1990s in britain? END
START in what year did charles and diana finally get divorced? END
START what type of approval ratings did prime minister john major have? END
START in what year did robert fellowes become elizabeth's private secretary? END
START in what year did george carey become the archbishop of canterbury? END
START when was the second address to the un by elizabeth? END
START who was un secretary general when elizabeth addressed the un? END
START as what did ban ki-moon introduce elizabeth to the un? END
START for whom was the garden elizabeth opened a memorial? END
START when was elizabeth's farewell visit to australia? END
START in what year did the queen first address the united nations? END
START in what year did ban ki-moon become the un secretary general? END
START in what year did elizabeth become queen? END
START how many british people died in the 9-11 attack? END
START how many times has the queen toured canada? END
START until she became queen, what flower was on elizabeth's coat of arms? END
START when did elizabeth acquire her father's arms? END
START besides personal flags,what other types of flags does elizabeth have? END
START what type of flags are used in foreign countries? END
START when did elizabeth start to bear a coat of royal arms? END
START how many points does elizabeth's arms bear on her argent after her accession? END
START what has been the centre point of elizabeth's arms since she ascended to the throne? END
START on what date was elizabeth ascended to the throne? END
START what are on each side of the three points argent of elizabeth's current arms since she ascended to the throne? END
START what shape is elizabeth's royal coat of arms since her accession? END
START in what city was elizabeth born? END
START at the time of her birth, what was the rank of elizabeth's parents? END
START what were elizabeth's parents' titles after ascending to the throne? END
START how many children did elizabeth's parents have? END
START what event caused elizabeth's father to become king? END
START in what year was edward viii crowned? END
START what is elizabeth's sisters name? END
START who is elizabeth's oldest child? END
START who is elizabeth's youngest child? END
START in what year was edward born? END
START when she was born, where in the order of succession was elizabeth? END
START before elizabeth's father who was next in line for the throne? END
START when did elizabeth's grandfather die? END
START what event caused edward to abdicate the throne? END
START what did edward's proposed marriage to simpson cause? END
START in what year did wallis simpson divorce? END
START what was elizabeth's father's name? END
START in what year was elizabeth born? END
START what name was it assumed elizabeth would take upon her marriage to philip? END
START what prime minister objected to the name change? END
START what name did elizabeth keep as her married name? END
START what name was adopted for elizabeth's male-line descendants who do not have royal titles?  END
START when did elizabeth decree the use of mountbatten-windsor as the  surname?  END
START in what year did winston churchill die? END
START how many male-line descendants do elizabeth and philip have with no royal title? END
START what was the duke's first name? END
START what was the name of elizabeth and philip's last child? END
START who did eden recommend that elizabeth consult about appointing a new  prime minister? END
START what position did lord salisbury have in the government? END
START who did elizabeth appoint as prime minister? END
START what position did lord kilmuir have ? END
START who in turn did salisbury and kilmuir consult? END
START in what year was harold macmillan born? END
START in what year was lord salisbury born? END
START in what year did lord salisbury become the lord president of the council? END
START what occupation was harold macmillan at the time? END
START in what year was lord kilmuir born? END
START when did edward heath ask elizabeth to call a general election? END
START where was elizabeth when heath advised that sh call for an election? END
START what did elizabeth do after heath adviser her? END
START what did heath do after his party could not form a coalition with the labor party? END
START who did elizabeth ask to form a government? END
START in what year did edward heath become the british prime minister? END
START in what month in 1974 did edward heath resign as prime minister? END
START in what month in 1974 did harold wilson become prime minister? END
START when did elizabeth begin her tour of the austronesian pacific rim? END
START who did  labour's prime minister harold wilson form a government with? END
START what did high public interest in the  private lives of the royal family cause in the press? END
START who was editor of the sun in the 1980s? END
START what did the editor of the observer call the sensational stories about the royals? END
START who, it was rumored,  did margaret thatcher say the queen would vote for? END
START who said the elizabeth was a behind the scenes force in ending apartheid? END
START in what year did kelvin mackenzie become editor of the sun? END
START in what year did donald trelford begin to edit the observer? END
START what party did margaret thatcher lead? END
START in what year did elizabeth give margaret thatcher the order of the garter? END
START besides margaret thatcher who is someone else has given the order of merit? END
START what incident killed diana in paris? END
START when did diana die? END
START how long did elizabeth and the royal family remain in seclusion at balmoral? END
START what failure did the public find dismaying? END
START what did elizabeth do to diffuse hostile public sentiment? END
START in what city is balmoral? END
START in what month in 1997 did diana die in a car crash? END
START where was charles in the days after diana died? END
START from what building did the queen do her television broadcast about diana's death? END
START how many years has elizabeth been queen? END
START what celebration marks 60 years for elizabeth as queen? END
START what year marks elizabeth's diamond jubilee? END
START where did elizabeth tour as a celebration of her jubilee? END
START when was the last time that a sovereign attended a peacetime cabinet meeting?  END
START in what year did george iii begin his reign on the throne? END
START in what year did george iii die? END
START for how long was george iii king? END
START how many cabinet meetings did george iii attend? END
START what was king george iii's accession day? END
START what governmental style of monarch is elizabeth? END
START how often does elizabeth give interviews? END
START what type of political religious beliefs does elizabeth seemed to support? END
START what is elizabeth's ranking in the church of england? END
START apart from her membership in the church of england, to what other church does she belong? END
START what has she talked about with pope john paul ii? END
START in what year did elizabeth meet with pope john paul ii? END
START when was the last time elizabeth gave an interview? END
START beyond christianity what leaders of other religions has elizabeth met with? END
START during whose reign was elizabeth born? END
START what was elizabeth's fathers title at the time of her birth? END
START what title and name did elizabeth's father take upon becoming king? END
START which bishop of york baptized elizabeth?  END
START what was elizabeth's nickname when she was young? END
START in what year did elizabeth's paternal grandmother mary die? END
START in what year did king george v die? END
START who was king george v's oldest son? END
START in what year was elizabeth, duchess of york, crowned as the queen of england? END
START who was elizabeth's paternal grandfather? END
START when did britain enter wwii? END
START who recommended that the two princesses be evacuated to canada? END
START who rejected the idea of sending the princesses away? END
START where did the two princesses live for most of the war? END
START when did elizabeth make her first radio broadcast? END
START in what year was the queen's wool fund established? END
START in what year did the bbc start children's hour? END
START how old was elizabeth's sister in 1940? END
START in what year did lord hailsham become a senior politician? END
START in what month of 1945 did the second world war end? END
START where did the newly married elizabeth and philip stay until 1949? END
START after 1949 where did elizabeth live in london? END
START in which armed force was the duke of edinburgh? END
START where was philip stationed during wwii? END
START in whose home did elizabeth and philip stay in malta? END
START in what year did elizabeth live in villa guardamangia? END
START in what year did lord mountbatten start to rent villa guardamangia? END
START in what year did the duke of edinburgh become a royal navy officer? END
START in what year was villa guardamangia built? END
START in what year did elizabeth marry the duke of edinburgh? END
START what entity did the british empire slowly become during elizabeth's reign? END
START in what year did elizabeth become queen? END
START what tour did elizabeth take in 1953? END
START how many nations did elizabeth visit on tour in 1953? END
START how many miles did elizabeth cover on her world tour? END
START in what year did the british empire become the commonwealth of nations? END
START in 1953 what was the first country visited by elizabeth and philip? END
START in 1953 what was the last country visited by elizabeth and philip? END
START how many miles has elizabeth traveled by land during her reign? END
START how many miles has elizabeth traveled by sea during her reign? END
START about whom was elizabeth worried in the 1970s? END
START what was the subject under consideration in discussions in 1980? END
START what did patriation of the canadian constitution remove from the constitution? END
START what was retained in the constitution? END
START what did trudeau say elizabeth favored? END
START in what year did pierre trudeau become the canadian prime minister? END
START who was one of the canadians politicians sent to london in 1980? END
START in what year did bill c-60 fail? END
START in what year did pierre trudeau cease to be canada's prime minister? END
START who was the prime minister of britain in 1980? END
START what did elizabeth's speech on 24 november, 1992 mark? END
START what did elizabeth call her past year? END
START when did price andrew separate from his wife? END
START who did princess anne divorce in april? END
START what great house caught fire in november? END
START in what year did prince andrew and sarah get divorced? END
START in what year did princess anne marry captain mark phillips? END
START in what year did prince charles and diana divorce? END
START how much in legal fees did the the sun have to pay to the queen? END
START how much did the windsor castle fire cost to repair? END
START who, in 2007, frustrated elizabeth? END
START what issue of blair's did elizabeth admire? END
START when did elizabeth attend a service at armagm, in ireland? END
START what service did elizabeth attend in armagm? END
START when did elizabeth make the first visit to ireland by a british monarch? END
START in what year did tony blair become the british prime minister? END
START in what year did mary mcaleese become the irish president? END
START who was ireland's first female president? END
START when was peace achieved in northern ireland? END
START who was ireland's president in 2007? END
START who did elizabeth surpass in longest lived british monarch? END
START what relation was victoria to elizabeth? END
START when did elizabeth become the longest reigning monarch? END
START in age of monarchs, what is the rank of elizabeth's reign? END
START what head of stat has served longer than elizabeth? END
START when was elizabeth's silver jubilee? END
START what increased in the 1980s? END
START what was the main subject of public criticism in the 80's? END
START what attribute of elizabeth fell to  low in the 1990s? END
START what did elizabeth start paying in the 1990 s? END
START what decade between now and the 1970s has been the high point for elizabeth's popularity? END
START when was elizabeth's golden jubilee? END
START in what year did diana become the princess of wales? END
START what happened after elizabeth started to pay income taxes? END
START what feature do elizabeth's titles usually follow in each country? END
START what are the channel islands and the isle of mann? END
START what si elizabeth's title in the channel islands? END
START what is elizabeth's title on the isle of mann? END
START once in conversation with the queen, how is elizabeth addressed? END
START what is one of elizabeth's realms and territories besides jamaica and australia? END
START besides the channel islands and isle of man which territory is a crown dependency? END
START when is elizabeth referred to as the defender of the faith? END
START when does a person call elizabeth the duke of lancaster? END
START what is the favored influence as to the cause of sexual orientation? END
START is there evidence that parenting and/or childhood play a role in determining sexual orientation? END
START what is the observed continuum for sexual orientation? END
START do scientists know the cause of sexual orientation? END
START what three factors do scientists believe are the cause of sexual orientation? END
START do scientists believe that parenting and/or childhood play a role in sexual orientation? END
START what are the two extremes of the continuum of sexual orientation? END
START has science research figured out the cause of sexual orientation preferences? END
START what type of theories are favored by scientists studying sexual orientation? END
START do scientist's know what can cause somebodys sexual orientation? END
START what can scientifically be considered the main factors in somebodys sexual orientation? END
START what cannot be considered a factor in sexual orientation due to the lack of evidence? END
START what has the research that has been done already show about sexual orientation show? END
START which ideas do scientist lean towards causing sexual orientation? END
START what is sexual identity defined as? END
START what is sexual behavior defined as? END
START what is sexual orientation defined as? END
START what does the term closeted mean? END
START what are the terms related to the degree to which a person's sexual attractions, behavior and identity match? END
START what are the differences in sexual identity and sexual behaviour?  END
START does a person have to show their sexual oreintation in their personal acts? END
START what is a term that can be used for someone who does not show their homosexuality openly?  END
START what word is used when somebodys sexual orientation, behaviors, and idenity do not match? END
START which word is used when somebodys sexual orientation, behaviors, and idenity match? END
START what is one reason that a homosexual would engage in heterosexual behavior? END
START what is a possible scenario that can occur when a closeted homosexual is in a heterosexual relationship? END
START what are some things that can cause a homosexual person to be with the opposite sex? END
START can a homosexual person still grow their sexual identiries while with the opposit sex?  END
START what kind of hardships can a homosexual face when admitting their ssexuality while in a heterosexual marriage? END
START can a homosexual person hide their true idenitys? END
START how does the mental health profession approach efforts to change sexual orientation? END
START what do these policy statements suggest?  END
START what are some of the organizations that have released policy statements? END
START are their any mental health proffesionals that have programs to change sexual orientation? END
START what policy statement has almost all proffesionals applied to their practices? END
START what are some professional associations that do not offer changing sexual orientation programs? END
START who was the sexologist that published a scheme in 1896? END
START what did the published scheme attempt to do? END
START how did the scheme measure desire? END
START what were the two scales defined as? END
START how many points were on each scale? END
START when did the questioning of human sexual responses begin? END
START who created the ten point scale on a persons sexuals desire? END
START what year did magnus hirschfeld create the ten point scale on a persons sexual desire.  END
START on magnus's ten point scale what would a homosexual person be considered? END
START on the ten point scale what would an asexual person be considered as? END
START what was a concern of the kinsey scale? END
START how are masculinity and femininity more appropriately measured? END
START what happens if the concepts are measured on the same scale? END
START what is the advantage of measuring these elements separately? END
START what is considered to be a problem with the kinsey scale? END
START what did the research performed in the 1970s show about masculinity and feminity? END
START what would be possible if homesexuality and heterosexuality where measured on different scales? END
START what is another benefit of measuring sexuality on two scaless verses just the kinsey scale? END
START how does research identify sexual population groups? END
START what is the understanding of the scales used? END
START why might the scales fail? END
START how many components are used in assessment? END
START what does the research on sexual orientation use to determine who belongs in which sexual populaiton group? END
START what is the general idea regading these scales that are used? END
START what can cause problems with these scales that are used? END
START how many components are used in an assessment? END
START what myth did bruce voeller perpetuate in the 70's? END
START what were the calculations of this myth? END
START what message did voeller deliver using this myth? END
START what comes along with defining how much of the population is homosexual? END
START what does knowing the sexual population influence? END
START who was the cahir of the national gay and lesbian task force in the 1970s? END
START what myth did bruce voeller preserve in the 1970s? END
START what did bruce voeller do with his findings? END
START do men and women's patterns of arousal differ? END
START are the patterns related to orientation? END
START what types of stimuli were found to arouse women? END
START what stimuli did men show no arousal towards? END
START men's arousal patterns were found to be with? END
START what did a study on men and womens sexual arousal show? END
START did women in the studys become aroused to heterosexual stimulation? END
START did men have any arousal from non human videos containing sex? END
START did mens arousal relate to the sexual interests? END
START what science terms are used to describe sexual attraction? END
START these terms are an alternative to what conceptualization? END
START what are these terms not attributing to the subject/person being described? END
START what are other terms that do not make similar assignments? END
START what are other terms used in the same vein as pansexual? END
START which terms are used in describing sexual desires? END
START what are two other words for androphilia and gynephlia? END
START what are the terms androphilia and gynephial use for? END
START what are other common words that people may use for homosexual and heterosexual people? END
START what tends to be a major obstacle when comparing cultures? END
START what can force individuals to identify with a label that may not reflect true orientation? END
START where are the meanings of words negotiated? END
START what can be brought into play to describe interpretations of sexual orientation? END
START what is a major hurdle when studying different cultures? END
START why does translation cause such issues among different cultures? END
START what problems can arise due to translation issues? END
START what can be used to signal sexual idenitys to others? END
START early writers linked orientation to what concept? END
START what theorists agreed with this concept? END
START what two things became to be seen as distinct from one another? END
START what negative stereotypes have emerged from this understanding? END
START what did a majority of gay men and women experience in their childhood? END
START what was thought of early lesbians and gay men? END
START what did gender idenity become to be seen as? END
START what can be considered to be bad stereotypes to gay communities? END
START who performed the studies that found most homosexual people having different degrees of gender issues? END
START in these studies when was the gender-noncomformity experienced? END
START who is finding themselves in a double minority in the us? END
START what is an example of a stereotype found in this double minority? END
START what do the non-caucasian lgbt experience? END
START what is an example of a culturally specific support network? END
START where can lgbt people who are not white find themselves in the united states? END
START what does it mean for the lgbt people who are in a double monority? END
START what do many people in the dominant lgbt community face? END
START why is racism so bad in the non white lgbt community? END
START what is the name of the vietnamese american support network for the lgbt community? END
START can a persons sexual interest change over different times in their life? END
START until 1995 what had no studies done concerning sexual orientation? END
START what can possibly predict the future orientation a persons sexual idenity? END
START what do some lesbian woman see as important part of the sexual orientation? END
START when did part of the world health organization release a statement about curing homosexuals? END
START why did the pan american health organization release this statement? END
START what condition do they state cannot be linked to homosexuality? END
START what did the pan american health organization reccomend for those who used treatment to stop homosexuality? END
START what did the pan american health organization say these treatments violated? END
START what does the kinsey scale provide a classification for? END
START how does the classifiacation scheme work on the kinsey scale? END
START what is the position on the kinsey scale based on? END
START what positions does the kinsey scale not use? END
START what does saso stand for? END
START why was saso created? END
START what did saso find wrong with the kinsey scale and klein sexual orientation grid? END
START what is one of saso's main goals? END
START what is saso causing discussion and debate about? END
START how are the three component used to determine sexual orientation? END
START when did savin williams talk about the issues with these components? END
START what issues to savin address during this talk? END
START why does basing sexual orientation on one component cause problems? END
START how should consumers of the research approach these findings? END
START what have scientists started spending the most time on? END
START how do scientiest measure brain activity? END
START how did both gay and straight men react to pictures of both naked men and women? END
START what was the only difference in the study between gay and straight men? END
START what does the amygdala region of the brain do? END
START what can affect how a person is treated? END
START what percent of hate crimes did the fbi relate to sexual orientation bias? END
START when was the uk emloyment eequality (sexual orientation) regulations law take effect? END
START under this law what does this state that is required by employers? END
START what do the majority of defintions surronding sexual orientation include? END
START what does a behaviorial component focus on when defining sexual orientation? END
START what do other people use to determine a persons sexual idenity? END
START when do scientists and professions agree that sexual orientation shows in a person? END
START what is the difference between sexual idenity and sexual orientation? END
START which two studies where created by alfred c. kinsey? END
START what where people asked to do in these research studies? END
START what did kinsey find during these studies ? END
START in kinseys mind what percentage of people are considered to be fully heterosexual or homosexual? END
START why do people say kinseys work is not correct? END
START what idea did sigmund freud bring to the table? END
START what does sigmunds idea theorize? END
START why did sigmund believe all humans are born bisexual? END
START what does sigmund believe we all as adults desire? END
START even though sigmund believed all people where born bisexual what did he not believe to be true? END
START whar words may people use for sexual idenity? END
START what does the american pyschological association say sexual orientation refers to? END
START what terms does behavorial science use instead of using gender binary conceptualization? END
START what is androphilia used to describe? END
START what is gynephilia used to describe? END
START what does the american physocological association say that sexual orientation refers to? END
START what do a lot of cultures use to describe homosexual people? END
START what are the most used labels in america to describe homosexuals? END
START what do psychologists says sexual orientation can also mean? END
START what does narth stand for? END
START what does narth consider itself to be? END
START what does narth disagree with? END
START what does narth state is wrong with the mainstream mental healths stand on conversion therapy? END
START what concerns did both the american psychological association and the royal college of psychiatrist have with narth? END
START what do the terms andophilia and gynephilia help prevent? END
START why does psychiatrist anil aggrawal say androphilia and gynephilia are needed terms? END
START what can attempting to label members of the lgbt community cause? END
START what does milton diamond say about the terms heterosexual, homosexual, and bisexual? END
START what advantages do the terms androphilia and gynephilia have? END
START what has the kinsey scaled been praised for? END
START what has the kinsey scale been critisized for? END
START how many categories are used in the kinsey scale? END
START in a study by masters and johnson what did the find difficult about kineys ratings? END
START what in somebodys past caused problems for the kinsey scale? END
START how many questions does the saso contain? END
START what do six of the questions asses? END
START what do the other six questions asses? END
START what questions corresponds to the homosexual ones? END
START how are the results simplified when using the saso? END
START has the cause for sexual orientation been found yet? END
START what has the research that has been conducted for the influence of genetics made many people think? END
START what was once thought to cause homosexuality? END
START what was found out about the theory of faulty psychological development being the cause for homosexuality? END
START what can the scales for sexual orientation be used for? END
START what will cause the amount of homosexuality to vary? END
START out of sexual attraction, sexual behovior, and sexual identity which will show more accurately the amount of homosexuals in a population? END
START which chromosome is responsible for produlcing male differentiation on defect female development? END
START what is the differentiation process driven by? END
START what results in sexual differences in males and females? END
START what have scientist began to test due to the fact that adrogen results in sexual differences? END
START who created on of the earliest sexual classification schemes? END
START when did karl heinrich ulrichs develop this classification scheme? END
START was his classification scheme meant for males or females? END
START what three categories are used in ulrichs scheme? END
START what did these three categories correspond with? END
START what did both weinrich and weinberg critisize the kinsey scale for? END
START what caused valuable information to be lost while using the kinsey scale? END
START why was collapsing the two values into one score a problem? END
START how could kinsey have avoided losing this crucial information? END
START besides behavior and reactions what else could have been used in the kinsey scale? END
START what questions did sell consider the most important on the kinsey scale? END
START why did sell consider the questions regarding sexual attraction the most important? END
START rather than define sexual orientation as sexual idenity or behavior what did sell define it as? END
START what is a huge concern for saso? END
START what reflects the prevalence rates varying? END
START what does it mean when someones sexualiity is fluid? END
START what did diamond find about the women? END
START what did women acknowledge who considered themselves as lesbian or bisexual? END
START what makes it difficult to determine if someone is homosexual or not? END
START why do researches in homosexual studies argued that it is a social and historical constuction? END
START which philosopher argued homosexuality did not exist as an idenity in the eighteenth century? END
START in what year did michel foucalt publish the history of sexuality? END
START what did he state was an invention of the modern state? END
START what was a crime in the eighteenth century that could cause severe punishment but was mostly ignored? END
START what do some researchers argue about the idea of sexual orientation? END
START what have studies found about women and their believed sexual orientations? END
START what did the studies reveal about men and their declared sexual preference? END
START what does research show about sexual orientation? END
START what can being openly gay be hindered by? END
START what social systems can greatly influence someone realization of their sexual preference? END
START what group of the lgbt community are the most researched? END
START what does the american culture put a large emphasis on? END
START what is a common way to determine a persons sexuality? END
START when deteerming sexual preference this way what is the passive role associated with? END
START when determining sexual preference this way what is the active role associated with? END
START how much is known about lesbians and bisexual women in these cultures? END
START what do researchers generally believe causes sexual orientation? END
START what biological factors do they believe plays a complicated part in sexual orientation? END
START what do they believe about sexual orientation? END
START what differences hace scientist found in certain studies? END
START what can these results be caused from? END
START what concept is sexual orientation argued as? END
START what is causing contreversy as to the concept of sexual orientation? END
START what is the notion of sexual orientation in west defined as? END
START what does bruce criticize the labels heterosexual and homsexual as? END
START what does bruce bagemilh write about the labels homosexual and heterosexual terms? END
START what does bagemihl say a major issue with this terminology is? END
START what can impact accurately assesing sexual identity? END
START what does the centre for addiction and mental heal along with the american psychiatric association state about sexual orientation? END
START what does the american psychological assocation distinguish between? END
START what does the fbo effect stand for? END
START what does this theory entail? END
START what does research show about the fbo effect? END
START what does mih stand for? END
START what does bbb stand for? END
START what other name does the kinsey scale go by? END
START when was the kinsey scale first published? END
START why was the kinsey scale developed? END
START what did kinsey state as his reasoning for the scale? END
START who else was featured in the sexual behavior of the human male? END
START what does ksog stand for? END
START who invented the ksog? END
START why did pritz klein come up with the ksog? END
START what kind of scale does the ksog use? END
START what three points in life does the ksog evaluate? END
START what are sexual attraction. behavior, and idenity components of? END
START what do individuals typically experience? END
START what is there little coherent relationships between? END
START who wrote the paper "whos gay? does it matter? END
START what does ritch savin-williams propose in this paper? END
START what did he propose to measure attraction? END
START what else does savin-williams suggest? END
START what components does he believe shoud be used in studies? END
START what do these studies suggest? END
START how is this reflected in the studies? END
START what are some dimensions of sexual orientation? END
START what do mens sexual orientations tend be focused on? END
START what do researches believe must be taken into account for women in these studies? END
START what can make a person believe they know someone elses sexual orientation? END
START what is a term for someone who tries to determine someones sexuality? END
START what have somes studies show when researching how someone uses "gaydar"? END
START what did research in 2015 suggest was an alternate label for gaydar? END
START what did this research also show about face-shape? END
START what is part of the reason for the varying estimates of the bisexual population? END
START what is one way a study can view bisexuality? END
START what is another way studies can view bisexuality? END
START what is the percentage of asexuals? END
START what do historians and researches argue about concerning the emotional and affectionate activities? END
START what can be assumed in english speaking nations when two men kiss? END
START what do some cultures have formal ceremonies for? END
START what number was dell on the fortune 500 list until 2014? END
START when did dell go private? END
START dell is currently the #1 shipper of what? END
START in which state is dell the sixth largest company? END
START what pc vendor rank did dell hold? END
START what number was dell on the fortune 600 list until 2014? END
START when did dell go public? END
START dell is currently the #2 shipper of what? END
START in which state is dell the sixth smallest company? END
START what pc vendor rank did ibm hold? END
START what market did dell ignore at first? END
START when did dell's internet site gain popularity? END
START what was happening to dell's average sale to individuals? END
START when did dell create their internal marketing group? END
START what market did dell appease at first? END
START what market did ibm ignore at first? END
START when did dell's internet site lose popularity? END
START what was happening to ibm's average sale to individuals? END
START when did dell end their internal marketing group? END
START what sales model did dell use for a long time? END
START who were the main driving force behind pc sales? END
START where were consumers going to buy devices other than online? END
START what market presence did dell lack? END
START what was one city that dell tested retail stores in? END
START what sales model did dell not use for a long time? END
START who were the minor driving force behind pc sales? END
START where were consumers going to buy devices other than offline? END
START what market presence did dell have? END
START what was one city that dell tested retail stores in? END
START what industry was getting smaller? END
START when did dell fall behind lenovo? END
START what other american company fell behind lenovo with dell? END
START what pc was taking corporate customers from dell? END
START what company was dell behind in profits in 2012? END
START what industry was getting bigger? END
START when did dell fall behind ibm? END
START what other canadian company fell behind lenovo with dell? END
START what pc was taking home customers from dell? END
START what company was dell behind in profits in 2014? END
START which of dell's processes handles pc assembly, testing, and quality control? END
START where did dell configure their notebooks? END
START when did dell describe their changing approach to manufacturing? END
START who reported that dell was offering to sell their manufacturing plants? END
START what manufacturers was dell losing to efficiency-wise? END
START which of dell's processes handles cp assembly, testing, and quality control? END
START where did dell scrap their notebooks? END
START when did dell describe their changing approach to sales? END
START who reported that dell was offering to buy their manufacturing plants? END
START what manufacturers was dell gaining efficiency-wise? END
START what type of dell media has appeared on tv, on the internet, and in magazines? END
START one of dell's marketing strategies is what kind of shipping? END
START what year did dell cut its prices to keep its market share? END
START by how much did dell cut it's margins when it cut its prices? END
START where does dell take most of its purchases for its products? END
START what type of dell media hasn't appeared on tv, on the internet, and in magazines? END
START one of dell's marketing strategies isn't what kind of shipping? END
START what year did dell up its prices to keep its market share? END
START by how much did dell up it's margins when it upped its prices? END
START where does dell take less of its purchases for its products? END
START what year did dell make an agreement with officeworks? END
START what computer model did dell ask officeworks to carry? END
START in which country did dell partner with harris technology? END
START what company did dell team with in late 2008? END
START what year did dell's australian program end up shutting down? END
START what year did dell make a disagreement with officeworks? END
START what computer model didn't dell ask officeworks to carry? END
START in which country did dell cut ties with harris technology? END
START what company did dell team with in late 2009? END
START what year didn't dell's australian program end up shutting down? END
START what department did dell launch an internal investigation on? END
START what was the minimum amount of earnings that would be restated by dell's investigation? END
START what year did dell's internal investigation begin? END
START who did dell agree to not buy processors from? END
START how much did dell pay in fines to settle fraud charges against it? END
START what department did dell launch an external investigation on? END
START what was the maximum amount of earnings that would be restated by dell's investigation? END
START what year did dell's external investigation begin? END
START how much didn't dell pay in fines to settle fraud charges against it? END
START who did dell agree to buy processors from? END
START what decade did dell begin to sell things other than pcs? END
START ibm, hewlett packard, and compaq were the major providers of what? END
START what servers did dell create that they tried to break into the market with? END
START what year did dell's enterprise revenue make up a large chunk of its profit? END
START which company did dell exceed as a server provider? END
START what decade did dell begin to buy things other than pcs? END
START ibm, hewlett packard, and compaq were the minor providers of what? END
START what servers did dell destroy that they tried to break into the market with? END
START what year did dell's enterprise revenue make up a large chunk of its loss? END
START which company did dell lag behind of as a server provider? END
START what market made up the majority of dell's sales? END
START what advantage did dell hold in the pc market? END
START what operation did hewlett packard and acer make more efficient to compete with dell? END
START where did dell miss out on sales due to relying on the internet? END
START what company stated that dell was preventing itself from innovating? END
START what market made up the minority of dell's sales? END
START what disadvantage did dell hold in the pc market? END
START what operation did hewlett packard and acer make more inefficient to compete with dell? END
START where didn't dell miss out on sales due to relying on the internet? END
START what company stated that ibm was preventing itself from innovating? END
START what decade did dell's manufacturing process become less efficient? END
START what plant did dell close in texas? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $280 million but was later closed? END
START what company bought the north carolina plant from dell? END
START the plant in what us state still remains in operation? END
START what decade did dell's manufacturing process become more efficient? END
START what plant did dell open in texas? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $290 million but was later closed? END
START what company bought the south carolina plant from dell? END
START the plant in what us state no longer remains in operation? END
START how much has dell's value increased since they went private? END
START what hedge fund group was pressuring emc into restructuring? END
START what news source published revenue estimations between dell and emc? END
START what year did dell go private? END
START how much has dell's value decreased since they went private? END
START how much has dell's value increased since they went public? END
START what hedge fund group was pressuring mec into restructuring? END
START what news source published revenue estimations between dell and mec? END
START what year did dell go public? END
START in what foreign country did dell open plants in 1995? END
START what percentage of dell notebooks are assembled in their asian plants? END
START how much did dell spend to construct a new plant in india? END
START how many pcs was dell's indian plant slated to make in 2007? END
START in what foreign country did dell close plants in 1995? END
START in what foreign country did dell open plants in 1996? END
START what percentage of dell notebooks are disassembled in their asian plants? END
START how much did dell spend to destroy a new plant in india? END
START how many pcs was dell's indian plant slated to make in 2017? END
START who is the founder of dell? END
START how many board members does dell have? END
START how many committees are appointed by the board of directors at dell? END
START which dell committee handles accounting issues? END
START which dell committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws? END
START who isn't the founder of dell? END
START how many board members doesn't dell have? END
START how many committees aren't appointed by the board of directors at dell? END
START which dell committee handles non-accounting issues? END
START which ibm committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws? END
START what decade did dell sell electronics through big box stores? END
START what year did dell stop selling products through physical retailers? END
START what store did dell sell electronics at in 2003? END
START what year did dell begin selling products at retailers again? END
START who is the largest electronics retailer in the us?  END
START what decade didn't dell sell electronics through big box stores? END
START what year did dell start selling products through physical retailers? END
START what store did dell sell electronics at in 2013? END
START what year did dell stop selling products at retailers again? END
START who is the smallest electronics retailer in the us? END
START what was dell the first it company to establish? END
START what year did dell enact its global consumer recycling program? END
START how much electronics did dell recycle by 2009? END
START what year was 78 million pounds of dell equipment recycled? END
START what percentage of dell electronics from the previous seven years were recycled? END
START what was dell the last it company to establish? END
START what year did dell enact its local consumer recycling program? END
START how much electronics did dell recycle by 2008? END
START what year was 87 million pounds of dell equipment recycled? END
START what percentage of dell electronics from the previous six years were recycled? END
START what decade did dell switch to psus and boards that had differently wired connectors? END
START with what kind of parts were consumers able to upgrade their dell systems with? END
START what year did dell revert its power connectors to industry standard ones? END
START what part of their motherboards does dell not reveal the specifications of? END
START what decade did dell switch to spus and boards that had differently wired connectors? END
START with what kind of parts weren't consumers able to upgrade their dell systems with? END
START with what kind of parts were consumers unable to upgrade their dell systems with? END
START what year didn't dell revert its power connectors to industry standard ones? END
START what part of their motherboards does dell reveal the specifications of? END
START when did michael dell found his company? END
START how much did dell receive as capital from his family? END
START what school did dell go to and later drop out of while he ran his business? END
START what year did dell design its own computer? END
START how much did dell profit in its first year? END
START when did michael dell end his company? END
START how much didn't dell receive as capital from his family? END
START what school didn't dell go to and later drop out of while he ran his business? END
START what year didn't dell design its own computer? END
START how much did dell lose in its first year? END
START what did dell enjoy from 1997 to 2004? END
START what company did dell overtake as the largest pc manufacturer? END
START how much were dell profiting in 2002? END
START what company did compaq merge with in 2002? END
START what company was the fastest growing in the early 2000s? END
START what did dell enjoy from 1996 to 2004? END
START what company did dell overtake as the smallest pc manufacturer? END
START how much were dell losing in 2002? END
START what company did compaq merge with in 2012? END
START what company was the slowest growing in the early 2000s? END
START what did dell rely on that gave it a reputation? END
START what did dell maintain lower spending on than its competitors? END
START what was dell's organizational structure considered? END
START dell lagged behind hewlett packard and oracle in delivering what kind of solutions? END
START what did dell rely on that gave it a bad reputation? END
START what did ibm rely on that gave it a reputation? END
START what did dell maintain higher spending on than its competitors? END
START what wasn't dell's organizational structure considered? END
START dell went ahead of hewlett packard and oracle in delivering what kind of solutions? END
START what was the name of dell's change campaign? END
START who relinquished his position as ceo to take a seat on the board? END
START michael dell removed employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive? END
START who replaced jim schneider as dell cfo? END
START what wasn't the name of dell's change campaign? END
START what was the name of ibm's change campaign? END
START who relinquished his position as cfo to take a seat on the board? END
START michael dell added employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive? END
START who replaced jim schneider as dell coo? END
START how much of dell's revenue was its pc division? END
START who was dell's main business rival? END
START how much did dell spend on acquiring different divisions? END
START what happened to dell's revenue and share price in the post-pc market? END
START how much of dell's revenue wasn't its pc division? END
START how much of dell's revenue was its phone division? END
START who was dell's main business ally? END
START how much did dell spend on selling different divisions? END
START what happened to dell's expenses and share price in the post-pc market? END
START what city is dell's new hampshire facility in? END
START what city is dell's tennessee facility in? END
START what city is dell's minnesota facility in? END
START what city is dell's florida facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's new hampshire facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's tennessee facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's minnesota facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's florida facility in? END
START what city isn't dell's nebraska facility in? END
START what city is dell's texas facility in? END
START what year was dell's tennessee facility opened? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $280 million in incentives in? END
START what continent did a lot of work from dell's plants get transferred to? END
START what subsidiary of dell remains operating in florida? END
START what city isn't dell's texas facility in? END
START what year was dell's tennessee facility closed? END
START what state was the dell plant that received $820 million in incentives in? END
START what continent did a lot of work from dell's plants get transferred from? END
START what subsidiary of dell remains operating in georgia? END
START what emissions did dell strive to reduce? END
START by 2015, how much did dell slate to reduce its emissions? END
START what year did dell rank 2nd for product greenness? END
START what organization scores electronics manufacturers based on how environmentally friendly their products are?  END
START what emissions didn't dell strive to reduce? END
START by 2016, how much did dell slate to reduce its emissions? END
START by 2015, how much did dell slate to increase its emissions? END
START what year did dell rank 1st for product greenness? END
START what organization scores electronics manufacturers based on how environmentally damaging their products are?  END
START what year did dell come under fire from the taiwanese consumer protection commission? END
START what percent lower was dell selling its notebooks in taiwan? END
START what did dell sell for $19 in taiwan? END
START how much did taiwan fine dell for its practices? END
START what year didn't dell come under fire from the taiwanese consumer protection commission? END
START what year did ibm come under fire from the taiwanese consumer protection commission? END
START what percent lower was dell buying its notebooks in taiwan? END
START what did dell sell for $91 in taiwan? END
START how much didn't taiwan fine dell for its practices? END
START innovations in what kind of management is dell known for? END
START what sales model did dell follow? END
START for the majority of dell's existence, what were they a vendor of? END
START what company did dell acquire in 2009? END
START what market did dell begin to compete in in 2009? END
START what sales model didn't dell follow? END
START innovations in what kind of management is dell unknown for? END
START for the minority of dell's existence, what were they a vendor of? END
START what company did dell acquire in 2008? END
START what market did dell begin to compete in in 2011? END
START what year did dell plan to sell pcs at retailers? END
START what was one retailer that were going to sell dell pcs? END
START who convinced michael dell to not use retailers to sell pcs? END
START what position at dell did kevin rollins eventually attain? END
START what year didn't dell plan to sell pcs at retailers? END
START what year did ibm plan to sell pcs at retailers? END
START what was one retailer that weren't going to sell dell pcs? END
START who convinced michael dell to use retailers to sell pcs? END
START what position at dell did kevin rollins eventually lose? END
START what year did michael dell bring in lee walker to the company? END
START what did lee walker recruit members to dell for? END
START what year did walker retire? END
START what was morton meyerson's position at his former company? END
START what year didn't michael dell bring in lee walker to the company? END
START what didn't lee walker recruit members to dell for? END
START what year did walker die? END
START what was morton meyerson's position at his current company? END
START what was morton dell's position at his former company? END
START what country's pc market was dell reliant on? END
START what percentage of dell's profits were desktop pcs being sold to commercial and corporate buyers? END
START what year were dell's pc profits shrinking? END
START what operating system was slated to be the next system upgrade for corporate clients? END
START what country's pc market was dell unreliant on? END
START what year were dell's pc profits growing? END
START what percentage of dell's profits were laptop pcs being sold to commercial and corporate buyers? END
START what percentage of dell's profits were desktop pcs being sold to commercial and home buyers? END
START what operating system was slated to be the next system upgrade for home clients? END
START the release of what electronic had a negative impact on dell? END
START which division of dell were unsuccessful in developing mobile devices? END
START what dell product was a commercial failure? END
START what line of high end electronics did dell create that failed to compete with apple products? END
START what year did dell see its first decline in holiday sales? END
START the release of what electronic had a positive impact on dell? END
START which division of dell were successful in developing mobile devices? END
START what dell product was a commercial success? END
START what line of low end electronics did dell create that failed to compete with apple products? END
START what year did dell see its first rise in holiday sales? END
START what did dell have a poor reputation for? END
START where did dell move its call centers? END
START which dell employee was moved from head of manufacturing to head of customer service? END
START how much had dell spent by 2006 on improving customer service? END
START what did dell have a good reputation for? END
START what did ibm have a poor reputation for? END
START where didn't dell move its call centers? END
START which dell employee was moved from head of manufacturing to head of sales? END
START how much had dell spent by 2005 on improving customer service? END
START what year did the blackstone group express interest in acquiring dell? END
START what was the first private equity firm to decide not to submit a bid for dell? END
START what company did analysts feel would need to find an exit strategy to profit from acquiring dell? END
START how much was the potential enterprise value of dell? END
START what year did the blackstone group express interest in selling dell? END
START what year did the blackstone group express interest in acquiring ibm? END
START what was the first public equity firm to decide not to submit a bid for dell? END
START what company did analysts feel would need to find an exit strategy to profit from selling dell? END
START how much wasn't the potential enterprise value of dell? END
START what year did dell close its largest canadian call center? END
START how many employees lost jobs when dell closed their call center? END
START how many workers did dell plan to have at their ottawa call center? END
START what percentage of its workforce did dell terminate in from 2007 to 2008? END
START what year did dell open its largest canadian call center? END
START what year did dell close its smallest canadian call center? END
START how many employees lost jobs when dell opened their call center? END
START how many workers did dell plan to have at their toronto call center? END
START what percentage of its workforce did dell terminate in from 2007 to 2009? END
START what type of computing is the combined effort of emc and dell slated to address? END
START what organization commented on the deal between emc and dell? END
START how much did vmware stock fall after the merger announcement? END
START what was the original valuation of the merger? END
START what type of computing is the combined effort of mec and dell slated to address? END
START what type of computing is the combined effort of emc and dell slated to not address? END
START what organization commented on the deal between mec and dell? END
START how much did vmware stock fall before the merger announcement? END
START what was the newest valuation of the merger? END
START what year did dell announce its buyout deal? END
START what was the value of dell's buyout deal? END
START what was the value of the loan that dell received from microsoft? END
START what was the value of the second largest technology buyout? END
START what year did ibm announce its buyout deal? END
START what was the value of microsoft's buyout deal? END
START what was the value of the loan that dell received from ibm? END
START what was the value of the third largest technology buyout? END
START what was the value of the second smallest technology buyout? END
START how much space did dell lease in texas? END
START how many senior executives were slated to work in the building dell leased? END
START what year did dell announce its plans to sublease its building? END
START where did dell move its headquarters back to in 2003? END
START what was the total amount of space that dell leased in las cimas 1 and 2? END
START how much space did dell sell in texas? END
START how many minor executives were slated to work in the building dell leased? END
START what year did dell announce its plans to buy its building? END
START where did dell move its headquarters back to in 2004? END
START what was the total amount of space that dell leased in las cimas 2 and 3? END
START what texas city was dell's headquarters previously in? END
START how many employees worked at dell's texas headquarters? END
START what year did dell announce that it was moving most of its employees out of texas? END
START where was the board room located at dells arboretum building? END
START how many customer support employees did dell move to round rock in 1994? END
START what florida city was dell's headquarters previously in? END
START how many employees never worked at dell's texas headquarters? END
START what year did dell announce that it was moving most of its employees into texas? END
START where wasn't the board room located at dells arboretum building? END
START how many customer support employees did dell move to round rock in 1995? END
START for what market did dell make computers for in ireland? END
START how many irish employees did dell hire? END
START what year did dell announce it was relocating its irish facility? END
START what was the value of the aid package given to dell that the european union investigated? END
START what year did dell begin production in the lodz, poland facility? END
START for what market did dell make computers for in scotland? END
START how many irish employees did dell fire? END
START what year did dell announce it wasn't relocating its irish facility? END
START what was the value of the aid package taken from dell that the european union investigated? END
START what year did dell quit production in the lodz, poland facility? END
START what kind of hardware support does dell provide? END
START what kind of customers does dell provide support to for major outages? END
START what kind of support does dell provide using a computer's service-tag? END
START what kind of software support does dell provide? END
START what kind of hardware support doesn't dell provide? END
START what kind of hardware support does ibm provide? END
START what kind of customers does dell provide support to for minor outages? END
START what kind of support doesn't dell provide using a computer's service-tag? END
START what is the alternate name for the dell solution station? END
START what dell service offers certified technicians to tackle commercial technical support? END
START what dell service offers remote desktop management? END
START what is the name of the dell service that gives home-users a support queue? END
START what isn't the alternate name for the dell solution station? END
START what dell service offers uncertified technicians to tackle commercial technical support? END
START what dell service offers certified technicians to tackle home technical support? END
START what dell service never offers remote desktop management? END
START what is the name of the dell service that gives business-users a support queue? END
START what year did dell lose its tech lead to hewlett-packard? END
START what was hp's growth during the third quarter of 2006? END
START what was the rate of decline that dell experienced in pc shipments? END
START what was dell's market share at the end of 2006? END
START what year did ibm lose its tech lead to hewlett-packard? END
START what year did dell gain its tech lead to hewlett-packard? END
START what was hp's growth during the third quarter of 2007? END
START what was the rate of growth that dell experienced in pc shipments? END
START what was dell's market share at the end of 2005? END
START what toxic chemical did dell set to eliminate from its products? END
START by what year does dell plan to remove chemicals from its computers? END
START what activists protested at dell's offices in response to the usage of toxic chemicals? END
START what year did dell launch its first products that were free of toxic chemicals? END
START what toxic chemical didn't dell set to eliminate from its products? END
START what nontoxic chemical did dell set to eliminate from its products? END
START by what year does dell plan to put chemicals in its computers? END
START what activists protested at dell's offices in response to the usage of nontoxic chemicals? END
START what year did dell launch its first products that weren't free of toxic chemicals? END
START what percentage of dell support calls were transferred? END
START how much did dell originally spend to fix their customer service? END
START what amount did dell increase its customer service budget to? END
START what percentage of dell support calls weren't transferred? END
START what percentage of ibm support calls were transferred? END
START how much did dell originally spend to end their customer service? END
START how much did ibm originally spend to fix their customer service? END
START what amount did dell decrease its customer service budget to? END
START what does dell aim to reduce by creating energy efficient products? END
START how much does energy efficiency save dell per year? END
START what is the largest contributor to dell's energy efficiency savings? END
START how many pcs does dell employ energy management software on? END
START what does dell aim to increase by creating energy efficient products? END
START what doesn't dell aim to reduce by creating energy efficient products? END
START how much does energy efficiency save dell per month? END
START what is the smallest contributor to dell's energy efficiency savings? END
START how many pcs does dell employ energy management hardware on? END
