START what is the formal name of westminster abbey? END
START where is westminster abbey located? END
START when was westminster abbey a cathedral? END
START what has been the status of westminster abbey since 1560? END
START what was westminster abbey's informal name? END
START what style architecture is the westminster abbey not considered? END
START in what country is westminster abbey located? END
START in what years wasn't the abbey considered a cathedral? END
START what type of building is the abbey not considered? END
START what is the meaning of thorn ey? END
START when was a church first founded at the site? END
START who was mellitus? END
START when was construction of the present church started? END
START who ordered the construction of the church? END
START what year did the destruction of the church begin? END
START who commissioned the abbey to be destroyed? END
START what was the area never named? END
START in what century wasn't the church established at the location? END
START who wasn't the bishop in this time frame? END
START who were the first monarchs crowned at westminster abbey? END
START since when have coronations been held at westminster abbey? END
START how many royal weddings have occurred at the abbey? END
START which two reigning monarchs had weddings at the abbey? END
START when did royal weddings begin at the church? END
START who were the last monarchs crowned at westminster abbey? END
START since when haven't coronations been held at westminster abbey? END
START how many royal weddings haven't occurred at the abbey? END
START which two reigning monarchs had funerals at the abbey? END
START when did royal weddings end at the church? END
START who supposedly had a vison of saint peter on the river thames? END
START who first gifted salmon to the abbey? END
START who still gives salmon to the abbey today? END
START when was the monk community installed? END
START what was the name of the fisherman in lore that saw a vision of saint paul near the abbey? END
START what type of fish did the abbey give to thames fisherman? END
START what kind of monks died at the abbey? END
START who, till this day still gives the abbey a bun? END
START who along with the prince edgar established the monks at the abbey? END
START who rebuilt the abbey for a burial church? END
START what style was the church rebuilt in? END
START when was the building consecrated? END
START when did king edward the confessor die? END
START who was the first documented coronation? END
START what architectural design wasn't st peter's abbey considered? END
START what year was the building started? END
START what was the date of the abbey's demolition?  END
START who was the last recorded coronation at the abbey? END
START what king restored the abbey in the years 1042 and 1062? END
START where is the only existant depiction of edward's abbey? END
START what was the original size of dunstan's original monk community? END
START how was the community able to increase? END
START what is adjacent the abbey? END
START where is the only nonexistant depiction of edward's abbey? END
START what was the final size of dunstan's original monk community? END
START how was the community unable to increase? END
START how was the community able to decrease? END
START what is far away from the abbey? END
START who became a powerful force after the norman conquest? END
START the palace of westminster was the seat of what from the later 12th century? END
START who was employed on royal service? END
START with what kind of life were the benedictines allowed to identify? END
START to what movement was the task of spiritual leadership passed? END
START who became a weak force after the norman conquest? END
START the palace of westminster was the seat of what from the later 11th century? END
START who was unemployed on royal service? END
START with what kind of life were the benedictines allowed to misidentify? END
START to what movement wasn't the task of spiritual leadership passed? END
START what did the abbot remain as a town built around the abbey? END
START what did the monastery help fuel? END
START what did the abbey build on the west side? END
START what encroached upon the sanctuary? END
START what did the abbot remain as a town built inside the abbey? END
START what did the monastery help kill? END
START what didn't the monastery help fuel? END
START what did the abbey build on the east side? END
START what never encroached upon the sanctuary? END
START what was the abbey to norman kings? END
START what architect continued work on the abbey? END
START who was reigning when henry yevele finished his work on the abbey? END
START what kind of pavement was commissioned for in front of the high altar? END
START what played a large role in king edward the confessor's canonisation? END
START what was the abbey to norman queens? END
START what architect stopped work on the abbey? END
START who was reigning when henry yevele started his work on the abbey? END
START what kind of pavement was commissioned for in front of the low altar? END
START what played a small role in king edward the confessor's canonisation? END
START who added a perpendicular style chapel? END
START who was the perpendicular style chapel dedicated to? END
START what part of france did the caen stone come from? END
START where did the portland stone come from? END
START when was the lady chapel added? END
START who took away a perpendicular style chapel? END
START who was the perpendicular style chapel undedicated to? END
START what part of england did the caen stone come from? END
START where did the portland wood come from? END
START when was the lady chapel subtracted? END
START when was the abbey's annual income £2400–2800? END
START what was the abbey's annual income as of 2016? END
START to which other abbey was westminster abbey second in wealth? END
START during what was the abbey made second in wealth? END
START when was the abbey's annual income £2400–2700? END
START what was the abbey's annual income as of 2015? END
START to which other abbey was westminster abbey first in wealth? END
START during what was the abbey made third in wealth? END
START when was the abbey's annual debt £2400–2700? END
START when did henry viii take direct royal control? END
START who gave the abbey status of a cathedral in 1540? END
START what did the cathedral status save the abbey from? END
START what did changing the status of the abbey create? END
START when did henry vii take direct royal control? END
START when did henry viii take indirect royal control? END
START who gave the abbey status of a cathedral in 1504? END
START what did the cathedral status not save the abbey from? END
START when was westminster diocese dissolved? END
START the abbey was recognised as what until 1556? END
START who is the abbey dedicated to? END
START when was westminster diocese resolved? END
START when was eastminster diocese dissolved? END
START the abbey was recognised as what after 1556? END
START the abbey was recognised as what until 1565? END
START who isn't the abbey dedicated to? END
START the abbey was regiven to the benedictines under whom? END
START who ejected the benedictines again in 1559? END
START what was the new name of the abbey when elizabeth i reestablished it? END
START who was made the first dean of the new church? END
START the abbey was forgiven to the benedictines under whom? END
START the abbey wasn't regiven to the benedictines under whom? END
START who accepted the benedictines again in 1559? END
START who ejected the benedictines again in 1595? END
START what was the new name of the abbey when elizabeth ii reestablished it? END
START when did the abbey suffer damage? END
START who attacked the abbey? END
START what protected the abbey? END
START who had a fancy funeral at the abbey in 1658? END
START when was oliver cromwell disinterred? END
START when didn't the abbey suffer damage? END
START who defended the abbey? END
START what attacked the abbey? END
START who had a fancy funeral at the abbey in 1685? END
START when was oliver cromwell murdered? END
START when were the western towers built? END
START who built the western towers of the abbey? END
START what kind of marble was used for the walls and floors of the abbey? END
START under whom did the 19th century rebulding occur? END
START what were the two western towers built from? END
START when were the eastern towers built? END
START who built the eastern towers of the abbey? END
START what kind of marble was used for the ceilings of the abbey? END
START under whom did the 18th century rebulding occur? END
START what were the three western towers built from? END
START what was designed for the west front of the abbey but not built? END
START when was the narthex designed? END
START the abbey was without towers following the renovation by whom? END
START what was redesigned for the west front of the abbey but not built? END
START what was designed for the east front of the abbey but not built? END
START when was the narthex redesigned? END
START the abbey was with towers following the renovation by whom? END
START the abbey was without towers following the destruction by whom? END
START westminster abbey was the third highest place of learning after which two places? END
START the first third of what was translated at the abbey? END
START the last half of what was also translated at the abbey? END
START the new english bible was composed at the abbey during what time? END
START westminster abbey suffered damage during what on 15 november 1940? END
START westminster abbey was the third lowest place of learning after which two places? END
START the first quarter of what was translated at the abbey? END
START the first half of what was also translated at the abbey? END
START the old english bible was composed at the abbey during what time? END
START westminster abbey suffered damage during what on 15 november 1904? END
START who painted the icons hung in the abbey in the 1990s? END
START what was held at the abbey on 6 september 1997? END
START who was the first pope to set foot in the abbey? END
START on what date did the first pope set foot in the abbey? END
START what nationality was sergei fyodorov? END
START who painted the icons hung in the abbey in the 1980s? END
START what was held at the abbey on 6 september 1996? END
START who was the last pope to set foot in the abbey? END
START on what date did the last pope set foot in the abbey? END
START what nationality was sergei fedorov? END
START where was henry iii crowned? END
START when was henry iii crowned? END
START who had taken control of london when henry iii was to be crowned? END
START who deemed henry iii's coronation to be improper? END
START who is the usual cleric for coronation ceremonies? END
START where was henry ii crowned? END
START when was henry ii crowned? END
START who had taken control of london when henry ii was to be crowned? END
START who deemed henry ii's coronation to be improper? END
START who is the unusual cleric for coronation ceremonies? END
START what is the name of the throne used for coronation? END
START what is another name for king edward's chair? END
START upon what are kings of scots coronated? END
START who had stolen the stone of scone? END
START what is the name of the throne unused for coronation? END
START what isn't another name for king edward's chair? END
START upon what are kings of wales coronated? END
START who had stolen the stone of stone? END
START who had protected the stone of scone? END
START what kind of church is westminster abbey? END
START who created westminster abbey as the collegiate church of st peter westminster? END
START who governs the church? END
START who are the members of the chapter of westminster? END
START who assist the chapter of westminster? END
START what kind of church isn't westminster abbey? END
START who hated westminster abbey as the collegiate church of st peter westminster? END
START who governs the school? END
START who aren't the members of the chapter of westminster? END
START who rejects the chapter of westminster? END
START how many lay vicars are there? END
START how many choristers are there at the abbey? END
START when was the office of priest vicar created? END
START how many lay vicars aren't there? END
START how many lay singers are there? END
START how many choristers aren't there at the abbey? END
START when wasn't the office of priest vicar created? END
START when was the office of priest vicar destroyed? END
START henry iii rebuilt the abbey in honour of whom? END
START when did george ii of great britain die? END
START who was edward the confessor? END
START where was henry vi buried? END
START where was richard iii buried? END
START henry ii rebuilt the abbey in honour of whom? END
START when did george i of great britain die? END
START who wasn't edward the confessor? END
START where was henry v buried? END
START where was richard ii buried? END
START where were aristocrats buried from the middle ages? END
START geoffrey chaucer was employed as what? END
START henry purcell was buried where? END
START where were aristocrats buried from the later ages? END
START where were aristocrats burned from the middle ages? END
START geoffrey chaucer was unemployed as what? END
START geoffrey chaucer wasn't employed as what? END
START henry purcell was burned where? END
START oliver cromwell began buring national figures in the abbey starting with whom? END
START who was buried in the abbey on 4 april 1727? END
START who was buried in the abbey on 26 april 1882? END
START who was buried in the abbey on 3 august 1833? END
START who was buried next to william wilberforce? END
START oliver cromwell began buring national figures in the abbey ending with whom? END
START who was buried in the abbey on 4 april 1772? END
START who was buried in the abbey on 26 april 1828? END
START who was buried in the abbey on 3 august 1883? END
START who was buried under to william wilberforce? END
START in the early 20th century it became more common to bury what kind of remains? END
START in what year was sir henry irving cremated? END
START who was buried in the south choir aisle in 2014? END
START what family has the northumberland vault? END
START in the early 19th century it became more common to bury what kind of remains? END
START in what year was sir henry irving buried? END
START who was buried in the south choir aisle in 2004? END
START what family hasn't the northumberland vault? END
START what family has the southumberland vault? END
START when was the unknown warrior buried? END
START when was the known warrior buried? END
START when wan'ts the unknown warrior buried? END
START when was the unknown warrior burned? END
START whose grave is the only one in the abbey on which it is encouraged to walk? END
START whose grave isn't the only one in the abbey on which it is encouraged to walk? END
START where is the memorial chapel of the airmen of the raf? END
START the memorial chapel of the airmen of the raf has a window for what? END
START the window for the battle of britain replaced what that was destroyed? END
START where is the memorial chapel of the firemen of the raf? END
START where is the memorial chapel of the airmen of the arf? END
START the memorial chapel of the seamen of the raf has a window for what? END
START the memorial chapel of the airmen of the arf has a window for what? END
START the window for the battle of britain replaced what that was created? END
START when was the formal funeral of diana, princess of wales? END
START when was a second public service held for princess diana? END
START who designed diana's dress? END
START who gave diana the rosary beads? END
START when was the informal funeral of diana, princess of wales? END
START when was the formal funeral of diana, prince of wales? END
START when was a third public service held for princess diana? END
START when was a second public service held for princess mary? END
START who never designed diana's dress? END
START what are also in the precincts of westminster abbey? END
START who required the benedictine monks to maintain a charity school? END
START when were the benedictine monks required to maintain a charity school? END
START the choirboys of the abbey are trained where? END
START what are also in the precincts of eastminster abbey? END
START who never required the benedictine monks to maintain a charity school? END
START who required the benedictine monks to maintain a vanity school? END
START when were the benedictine monks required to maintain a vanity school? END
START the altar boys of the abbey are trained where? END
START who built the organ? END
START when was the organ built?  END
START when was the organ first used? END
START what was included in the new organ from the previous hill organ of 1848? END
START who designed the two organ cases? END
START who destroyed the organ? END
START when was the organ destroyed?  END
START when was the organ last used? END
START what was included in the new organ from the previous hill organ of 1948? END
START who designed the three organ cases? END
START what part of the organ is not connected or playable? END
START what part of the organ is connected or playable? END
START what part of the organ is fully playable? END
START in 2008, the console of the organ was refurbished by who? END
START in 2006, the console of the organ was destroyed by who? END
START in 2006, the console of the guitar was refurbished by who? END
START when were the bells overhauled? END
START how many bells make up the abbey ring? END
START when were the ten bells cast? END
START who cast the abbey bells? END
START when weren't the bells overhauled? END
START when were the bells scrapped? END
START how many bells don't make up the abbey ring? END
START when were the ine bells cast? END
START who destroyed the abbey bells? END
START who cast the two service bells? END
START when were the two service bells cast? END
START when was the sanctus bell cast? END
START who cast the sanctus bell? END
START where is the "dish bell" kept? END
START who cast the three service bells? END
START when were the three service bells cast? END
START when was the sanctus bell ruined? END
START who destroyed the sanctus bell? END
START where isn't the "dish bell" kept? END
START under whom was the chapter house built? END
START who restored the chapter house in 1872? END
START under whom wasn't the chapter house built? END
START under whom was the chapter house torn down? END
START who restored the chapter house in 1827? END
START who destroyed the chapter house in 1872? END
START who restored the chapel house in 1872? END
START what style is the octagonal chapter house? END
START there is an octagonal what below the chapter house? END
START what kind of ceiling is in the chapter house? END
START what kind of windows are in the chapter house? END
START the architecture of the chapter house is contemporary with what? END
START what style is the octagonal chapel house? END
START there is an octagonal what above the chapter house? END
START what kind of ceiling isn't in the chapter house? END
START what kind of windows aren't in the chapter house? END
START the architecture of the chapel house is contemporary with what? END
START what kind of tiled pavement is in the chapter house? END
START a door in the vestible dates back to when? END
START when were the exterior flying buttresses added? END
START who else met in the chapter house? END
START what kind of tiled pavement is in the chapel house? END
START a window in the vestible dates back to when? END
START when were the interior flying buttresses added? END
START who else never met in the chapter house? END
START when were the exterior flying buttresses subtracted? END
START what formed the undercroft of the monks' dormitory? END
START when does the pyx chamber date to? END
START when were newly minted coins presented to ensure they met standards? END
START what formed the overcroft of the monks' dormitory? END
START what destroyed the undercroft of the monks' dormitory? END
START when doesn't the pyx chamber date to? END
START when does the styx chamber date to? END
START when were oldly minted coins presented to ensure they met standards? END
START the pyx chamber and chapter house are under guardianship of whom? END
START who cares for and manages the pyx chamber and chapter house? END
START english heritage has funded what for the chapter house? END
START the pyx chamber and chapter house aren't under guardianship of whom? END
START the styx chamber and chapter house are under guardianship of whom? END
START who no longer cares for and manages the pyx chamber and chapter house? END
START who cares for and manages the styx chamber and chapter house? END
START english heritage has unfunded what for the chapter house? END
START what is located in the vaulted undercroft beneath the monks' dormitory? END
START the area the museum occupies dates back to when? END
START the vaulted undercroft beneath the monks' dormitory has been a museum since when? END
START what is located in the vaulted overcroft beneath the monks' dormitory? END
START what is located in the vaulted undercroft above the monks' dormitory? END
START the area the store occupies dates back to when? END
START the vaulted undercroft beneath the monks' dormitory hasn't been a museum since when? END
START the vaulted overcroft beneath the monks' dormitory has been a museum since when? END
START what belonging to henry v is in the museum? END
START what kind of panels are in the museum? END
START what belonging to henry vi is in the museum? END
START what belonging to henry v isn't in the museum? END
START what not belonging to henry v is in the museum? END
START what kind of panels aren't in the museum? END
START what kind of panels are in the library? END
START who modelled the effigies in the museum? END
START what are the effigies made of? END
START what is the effigy of viscount nelson wearing? END
START who never modelled the effigies in the museum? END
START what aren't the effigies made of? END
START what are the fridges made of? END
START what is the effigy of discount nelson wearing? END
START what isn't the effigy of viscount nelson wearing? END
START what was recently added to the museum exhibit? END
START what is the westminster retable? END
START what was the altarpiece designed for? END
START what was damaged but cleaned and then conserved? END
START what was recently subtracted from the museum exhibit? END
START what wasn't recently added to the museum exhibit? END
START what isn't the westminster retable? END
START what was the altarpiece undesigned for? END
START what was undamaged but cleaned and then conserved? END
START what was proposed for the abbey in june 2009? END
START on what date did the dean and chapter announce that work would not be continued? END
START panter hudspith refurbished a 14th-century foodstore into what? END
START what kind of furniture is in the restaurant? END
START who supplied the furniture for the restaurant? END
START what was proposed for the abbey in june 2008? END
START on what date did the dean and chapter announce that work would be continued? END
START panter hudspith refurbished a 13th-century foodstore into what? END
START what kind of furniture isn't in the restaurant? END
START who never supplied the furniture for the restaurant? END
START what will be created in the medieval triforium? END
START what has been designed to help with the gallery? END
START when will the new galleries open? END
START what will be destroyed in the medieval triforium? END
START what will be created in the medieval biforium? END
START what has been undesigned to help with the gallery? END
START when will the new galleries close? END
START when will the old galleries open? END
START what is it called when government officials use their power for private gain? END
START one form of corruption involves the hiring of family members, which is called what? END
START another form of corruption, the practice of usury, is called what? END
START three forms of corruption that can promote criminal activities include drugs, money laundering, and what? END
START the repression of what is also considered political corruption? END
START which crime costs over one trillion u.s. dollars every year, world-wide? END
START what does kleptocracy mean? END
START what are some forms of corruption now  called? END
START institutional corruption is distinguished from what type of corruption? END
START this type of problem happens in any organization where the interests of the people who financially support it conflicts with what? END
START what does corruption undermine in politics? END
START what does corruption disregard in politics? END
START political corruption in legislature reduces what, overall? END
START corruption in what compromises the rule of law? END
START corruption in what creates weak provision of services? END
START what two democratic values are soiled due to corruption? END
START corruption disintegrates government capacity when public offices are what? END
START the level of corruption can vary in richer democracies in regards to the what of those officials making decisions? END
START corruption raises the cost of business because of illegal payments in what sector? END
START some people feel that corruption actually reduces costs because it cuts what? END
START what process is better than allowing bribes to remain in place? END
START corruption changes the playing field by allowing businesses with connections to be shielded by what? END
START economic distortion is created by corruption in the public sector by diverting what into capital projects? END
START what is more plentiful in capital projects? END
START corruption can lower what with environmental regulations? END
START african dictators often have what kind of bank accounts? END
START what form has corruption taken in africa? END
START in africa, the finances are often moved where? END
START which researchers studied corruption from sub-saharan countries from 1970 to 1996? END
START the 187 billion exceeded what in these countries? END
START what was one of the factors for this behavior in africa? END
START where is corruption most noticeable? END
START these countries rely on foreign aid for what? END
START in sub-saharan african countries, what level of government is corruption especially prevalent at? END
START which report described this corruption?  END
START how many funds did not reach their intended recipients who needed medical attention? END
START what kind of employees received payments? END
START where were drugs siphoned off to? END
START in addition to ghost employees and the black market receiving drugs, what other way was money expended? END
START if local corruption did not exist, there would be enough what to help the people in these countries needing medical help? END
START corruption aids what as far as the environment is concerned? END
START formal legislation cannot be regulated when officials are what? END
START bribes also halt unions, the protection of children in labor, and what? END
START when these laws are broken, corrupt countries gain what in the international market? END
START who has stated that apolitical food problems do not exist? END
START what can trigger famine conditions? END
START while natural occurrences can cause famine, what determines the severity of it? END
START even if a harvest is good, food security can be crippled when a government has tendencies toward what? END
START along with food aid, what is most at risk in these countries? END
START how is food aid usually directly redirected from the people it should go to? END
START food aid can also be indirectly diverted from its intended recipients through the manipulation of what? END
START substandard what is often one way for corruption to enter the construction field? END
START what happens with contracts to aid corruption? END
START recipients of aid are concerned about what? END
START those receiving aid may have connections, pay bribes or what? END
START corrupt people may manipulate what to receive more assistance? END
START these types of corruption can harm what? END
START along with institutions, this type of corruption can discredit what? END
START corruption can determine certain things in what kind of activities? END
START medical staff can affect what aspect of sports? END
START the difference between corruption that is public or private looks like what? END
START what needs to stay away from loopholes? END
START what do you call paying government officials to use their position in their office? END
START what is the minimum amount of people that can be involved in a bribe? END
START what is it called when corruption is part of all public life? END
START beyond getting money, bribes are also used to cause what to others? END
START what two types of bribery is the international community trying to get prosecuted as separate? END
START in some countries there is no formal deal but what that makes prosecuting bribes difficult? END
START a bribe can include requesting, offering, giving or what of favors or money? END
START bribes can be direct or what? END
START selling or trading government position influence is called what? END
START selling influence can involve third-parties and this is called what type of relation? END
START in some situations the third-party in an influence peddling crime may be not involved or may be what? END
START where lobbying is controlled, what does it provide for consideration to determine improper influencing? END
START what article of the criminal law convention on corruption contains distinctive criteria to determine improper influence? END
START giving government jobs to supporters is called what? END
START what country quickly changes most people working in government position when a new government comes into power? END
START what is it called when relatives are favored over other people? END
START what is it called when friends are favored over other people? END
START cronyism is also when people are selected from a closed and exclusive social network, which is called what? END
START corruption also occurs when an official wants to cause some form of harm to who? END
START false charges can be brought against a journalist who writes about what? END
START what is it called when a person is dishonest or corrupt for his own gain? END
START parish pump politics is also called what? END
START which crisis in ireland involved bribery, cronyism and collusion? END
START politicians who were at the end of their political careers were offered what kind of position with companies they were involved with politically? END
START illegal interference with an election is called what? END
START another term for electoral fraud is what? END
START illegal voter registration, the miscounting of votes, and what at polls is considered voter fraud? END
START when entrusted funds are stolen, it is called what? END
START it is considered political when it involves what kind of money? END
START one form of political embezzlement is when a politician uses government resources for what use? END
START what is the public official's share called when involved in corrupt bidding? END
START a contract can be given to someone who is not the best what? END
START what is not limited to just government officials? END
START when groups that are antagonistic to each other form a coalition for hidden gain, it is called what? END
START while not illegal, an unholy alliance can be more dangerous to the public than what? END
START when was jinrong a police chief in this area? END
START who was a local gang ringleader in the same area? END
START in addition to being a police chief, jinrong was also what? END
START what was noriega's government accused of being? END
START what country did noriega rule? END
START what country invaded panama to capture noriega? END
START what is a narcokleptocracy? END
START what is noriega's first name? END
START according to thomas jefferson, when the media is free and people are literate they are what? END
START who found evidence that where the media had freedom there was less political corruption? END
START who discovered that more people reading newspapers resulted in higher political accountability? END
START about 100 countries and what else was information gathered from to show that more people reading newspapers had higher political accountability? END
START who discovered the correlation that congressman who have less local press coverage work less for the people who elected them? END
START what newspaper stopped publishing in 2007? END
START who was most likely to get reelected after the post shut down? END
START campaign spending and what fell after the post stopped publishing? END
START what did the analysis show mixed results for? END
START what was disrupted by internet growth for the press? END
START how much has new types of internet journalism replaced what has been lost in the press? END
START how many measures does transparency international publish right now? END
START what is the measure that transparency international publishes that looks at the willingness of a foreign company to pay a bribe? END
START what is the measure that it publishes that involves polling to determine the public's take on how corrupt various countries are? END
START when was the cpi first released? END
START which index studies the correlation of corruption and military in a country? END
START how many firms throughout the world have been surveyed by the world bank in regards to its corruption study? END
START how many dimensions of governance are measured by the worldwide governance indicators? END
START one of the dimensions is the extent to which power is exercised for personal gain, which is called what? END
START which organization is most notable for adopting the global coverage of these studies? END
START a second set of corruption metrics has been compiled by global integrity and what other organization? END
START when was the global integrity index first published? END
START both companies no longer use what means of collecting of data? END
START instead of public surveys, the organizations use what to study corruption? END
START the second wave of metrics focuses on what level of corruption? END
START unlike the first wave, the second wave does not offer what type of coverage? END
START what is the british aid agency's research called? END
START what does drivers of change skip? END
START what does drivers of change promote? END
START public spending has risks of kickbacks, embezzlement and what? END
START what type of regulations make corruption worse for public spending? END
START the potential for corruption in public spending are one of the arguments that favor what? END
START what countries have big public sectors but low corruption? END
START what do the low corruption countries have solidly established? END
START selling government property is highly at risk for what? END
START what type of people got wealthy from the sale of state-owned companies? END
START where is corruption even more prevalent? END
START countries that what have more extralegal and unofficial things going on? END
START providing a government service from the lowest form of local government that can adequately provide the service is called what? END
START what does distributing money into multiple instances discourage? END
START even small amounts of public money can be a lot in what type of authority? END
START what is it called when higher ups in government embezzle from the government's treasury? END
START what examples of natural resources do some corrupt officials in government take? END
START some corrupt governments use what type of money coming in? END
START foreign aid money is sometimes used to build fancy structures and to buy what? END
START in their pursuit of more money and power, corrupt dictators often ignore what? END
START who was the dictator in zaire from 1965 to 1997? END
START what did zaire used to be known as? END
START what term became more popular as mobutu ruled? END
START who ruled nigeria until he died in 1998? END
START what magazine had articles about castro benefiting from corruption? END
START the $900 million forbes said castro took may only be what of his total assets? END
START what is fidel castro's official title? END
START what is oas? END
START additional conventions were adopted at the regional level by oas and who? END
START what organization joined at the universal level? END
START when did the united nations convention against corruption join? END
START why is it difficult to measure corruption? END
START when did indices on corruption first appear? END
START what was the first index on corruption, in 1995? END
START how many methods of judiciary corruption are there? END
START what part of the government controls the judiciary budget in many developing countries? END
START what does executive branch control over judiciary money undermine? END
START what type of corruption is hard to get rid of even in developed countries? END
START radio broadcasts and what help deter corruption? END
START what country is used as an example for limited forms of communications? END
START who works against corruption in india? END
START what new ombudsman bill is being readied in india? END
START what decade saw international initiatives to combat corruption? END
START who started the programme of action? END
START what did the programme of action issue? END
START what does greco stand for? END
START what is the name of the french equivalent of greco? END
START the instruments used to point out the different corrupt forms looked to see if they were rigidly domestic or what? END
START what term is used to refer to the period from 1750 to 1820? END
START what years are termed the renaissance period? END
START what years are termed the baroque period?  END
START from 1804-1910 was called what era? END
START classical music is rooted in what kind of tradition?  END
START classical music is rooted the the traditions of what kind of music? END
START what is the period from 1750 to 1820 called? END
START what time period is known at the common practice period? END
START when was the modern era? END
START how is european art music distinguished from non-european and popular music? END
START what method is used by composers to prescribe to the performer the pitches, tempo, meter and rhythms for a piece of music? END
START what popular styles practice improvisation and ad libitum ornamentation? END
START since it is written down, classical music can attain a high level of what?  END
START how is european art music distinguished from many other musical forms? END
START how long has the system of staff notation been in use? END
START jazz and blues use ad libitum and what other ornamentation?  END
START classic music can a attain a high level of what? END
START when did the term "classical music" appear?  END
START what period is referred to as a "golden age"? END
START what year is the earliest reference to 'classical music'? END
START what book holds the earliest reference to 'classical music'? END
START what term did not appear until the early 19th century? END
START what 'age' is the period from johann sebastian bach to beethoven referred to as? END
START what year was the earliest reference to classical music? END
START in what book was the earliest reference to classical music? END
START who sang medieval plainchant? END
START avant-garde atonal compositions were written for what instrument? END
START what two characteristics of classical music can not be attributed to other genres? END
START through what period did the symphony not exist? END
START what has become a defining feature of classical music? END
START what did not exist through the entire classical music period? END
START the use of a printed score and the performance of very complex instrumental works are characteristics of what? END
START who sang medieval plainchant? END
START j.s. bach's fugues create a coherent harmonic logic that would be impossible for what other style of music? END
START the score determines how various parts are coordinated, pitch, and what other detail? END
START what has allowed classical musicians to perform music from many centuries ago? END
START who's fugues achieve a remarkable marriage of boldly distinctive melodic lines? END
START the score does not provide complete and exact instruction on how to do what? END
START in what era were many works designed for basso continuo accompaniment?  END
START vibrato and glissando are possible on stringed, brass, woodwind and what other style instrument? END
START what are fermatas? END
START classical music in the 2000s has lost most of its tradition for musical what? END
START in the baroque era, who would improvise preludes? END
START who would improvise musical ornaments in the baroque era? END
START who was noted for his complex improvisations? END
START what was mozart noted for? END
START instrument currently used in most classical music where invented before what period? END
START what is the most widely known medium for classical music? END
START a symphony orchestra includes members of the string, woodwind, percussion and what other family of instruments? END
START what does a symphony orchestra have that is missing from a concert band? END
START what practice has changed a great deal over the classical period? END
START what was the medieval flute made from? END
START what was an early version of the fiddle called? END
START what was an early version of the trombone called?  END
START medieval instrument in europe were commonly used how? END
START loud, shrill, and outdoor instruments were referred to as 'haut', while quieter, more intimate instruments were referred to as what? END
START what genre was predominately gregorian chant during the earlier medieval period? END
START what genre uses multiple independent vocal melodies? END
START when did the polyphonic vocal genre begin to develop? END
START what word means using a single unaccompanied vocal melody line? END
START many instruments originated during what era? END
START what has disappeared, then been recreated in order to perform music of the period? END
START modern day instrument may be classified as brass, string, woodwind and what other classification? END
START brass instruments were traditionally played by profession guild members during what era? END
START stringed instruments during the renaissance included the viol, the lyre, the cittern, the lute and what other instrument? END
START the virginal is what type of instrument? END
START the tambourine, bells and rumble-pot are all what type of instrument? END
START the reed pipe and recorder are what type of instrument? END
START vocal music in the renaissance is noted for an increasingly elaborate what? END
START what liturgical form besides motets endured throughout the entire renaissance period? END
START monody, the madrigal comedy, and intermedio are all precursors to what? END
START the cello, contrabrass and fortepiano were new instruments during what period? END
START what happened to the shawn and the wooden cornet during the baroque period? END
START the timpani ans castanets are what type of instrument? END
START the serpent is what type of instrument? END
START which string instrument often played the basso continuo parts? END
START what was less standardized during the baroque era? END
START two violins, a viola, and a cello make up what type of group? END
START keyboard instruments included the pip organ, harpsichord and what other instrument? END
START what is an example of a stringed chordal instrument during the baroque period? END
START from the 1750's to the early 1830's is the era of mozart and what other composer? END
START classical music can mean all western art music or more specifically from the 1750's to when? END
START the broad meaning of classical music stretches back from today to what era? END
START classical musicians continued to use many instruments from what era? END
START the theorbo and what other baroque instrument fell into disuse? END
START the baroque violin became what modern instrument? END
START what did the baroque trumpet become? END
START the violin, cello, contrabass and what other instrument form the string section of the orchestra? END
START the flute, oboe and bassoon are all what type of instrument? END
START what instrument fell out of use after the 1760s? END
START what instrument was the precursor of the tuba? END
START to whom is the "standard complement" attributed to? END
START piccolo, contrabassoon, and trombones add to the triumphal finales of what piece by beethoven? END
START how long was symphonic instrumentation faithful to beethoven's after he died? END
START what did beethoven expand in his symphonies, 3, 5, 6 and 9? END
START a piccolo and trombones provides the illusion of storm and what in beethoven's sixth symphony? END
START what instrument did the modern piano take over for in the romantic era? END
START how many double bass players were typically used in the baroque orchestra? END
START what wasn't rich enough for many romantic composers? END
START classical sections were expanded in the romantic era for a fuller and bigger what? END
START what is a celestes? END
START when do saxophones first appear in scores? END
START saxophone was featured as a solo instrument in what sergei rachmaninoff piece? END
START how is the saxophone features in ravel's bolero? END
START the euphonium usually played parts marked as what? END
START who wrote the planets? END
START what is the name of the modified member of the horn family appearing in several works by strauss? END
START which symphony of anton bruckner's does the wagner tuba have a prominent role in? END
START who wrote the ballet swan lake? END
START what will orchestras use to augment their regular rosters? END
START what debussy piece features a cornet? END
START what type of instrument appears occasionally in the 20th and 21st century styles of classical music? END
START what type of musicians besides classical have experimented with electronic instruments? END
START what type of instrument is the gamelan? END
START in what did the bagpipe fill an important role? END
START what instrument gained prominence in the 19th and 20th century? END
START vihuelas and hurdy-gurdies are currently associated with what type of music? END
START what type of temperament became accepted during the 18th century? END
START when did equal temperament become accepted as the dominant musical temperament? END
START what temperament is the english renaissance performed in? END
START what have classical trained performers done extensively? END
START what does a b.mus. or m.mus. degree include? END
START to what level is training for classical music often required? END
START performance of classical music requires proficiency in what type of reading? END
START performance of classical music requires proficiency in what type of principles? END
START familiarty with the style expected for any given composer is required for what kind of performance? END
START what brothers have had significant classical training? END
START billy joel and elton john have both had what type of training? END
START rock and pop musicians may have degrees in what type of music? END
START what gender of musician has historically made up a large amount of professional orchestras? END
START women were first hired in professional orchestras for what position? END
START what year did the vienna philharmonic first accept women? END
START which major orchestra was the last to appoint a woman to a permanent position? END
START who was the principal flute for the vienna philharmonic in 1996? END
START in what year did the vienna philharmonic face protests in the us? END
START who was the first woman admitted to the vienna philharmonic? END
START what instrument did anna lelkes play? END
START how many female members were part of the vienna philharmonic in 2013? END
START who was the vienna philharmonic's first female concertmaster? END
START the national symphony orchestra is led by what gender of violinist? END
START the double bass, brass and percussion sections are predominately what gender? END
START what type of audition are expected to eliminator gender or racial prejudice? END
START in what section of the new york philharmonic do women outnumber men? END
START works of classical repertoire exhibit what in their use of orchestration and harmony, and form? END
START what is usually written in song forms? END
START the concerto, symphony, sonata and opera are examples of what type of musical forms? END
START what are self-contained pieces in longer works called? END
START how many movements are symphonies written in the classical period usually divided into? END
START what, typically, is the speed of the second movement in a classical piece? END
START a movement broken up further is called what? END
START the final movement of a classical piece is usually called what? END
START what period was from 500-1400? END
START what years dictate the baroque period? END
START how have periods been reckoned since 1900? END
START what era has the 21st century has been characterized by? END
START the years 1804-1910 marked what era? END
START what composer continued the counterpoint and fugue? END
START haydn is classified as typical of what era? END
START who is described as a founder of the romantic era? END
START who is classified as romantic, but also uses counterpoint and fugue? END
START some authorities reverse terminologies to refer to the common practice period as a what? END
START a contemporary composition written in the style of an earlier era is described with what prefix? END
START what century were neoclassical compositions written in? END
START who wrote pulcinella? END
START what era is pulcinella similar to? END
START when does the egyptian orchestra date to? END
START who suggested that western classical music is rooted to ancient egyptian art music? END
START what music followed ancient egyptian art music? END
START which ancient society developed individual tones and scales? END
START who helped codify musical notation? END
START the medieval period begins with the fall of what city? END
START what can plainsong or gregorian chant also be called? END
START what does polyphonic mean?  END
START when did monophonic chant stop being the dominant form? END
START polyphonic music included more complex voicing of what? END
START when was the renaissance era? END
START what era was from 1400 to 1600?  END
START the use of the first ass instruments occurred in what era? END
START what became widespread in the renaissance era? END
START musical forms for dance began to standardize during what era? END
START the notation of music on a what began to take shape at this time? END
START how was music transmitted before the invention of musical notation? END
START what was oral music subject to every time is was transmitted? END
START what can a musical scored be performed without? END
START when was the movable-type printing press invented? END
START the record is part of what wind family? END
START the sahwm was an early family member of what instrument? END
START where were the first pipe organs confined to? END
START when had the viol emerged by? END
START what enabled descriptions and specification of instruments? END
START when did many of the ideas that make up western classical music take shape? END
START what began with the baroque era? END
START what era did the classical era follow? END
START when did the classical era end? END
START when did the romantic era end? END
START basso continuo and complex tonal counterpoint characterize what type of music?  END
START what does basso continuo mean?  END
START what did music become during the baroque era  in comparison with earlier periods? END
START what form began to take shape during the baroque era?  END
START major and minor what are means for managing dissonance and chromaticism? END
START keyboard music became popular during what era? END
START the violin family is what type of instrument? END
START opera began to differentiate itself from earlier forms as what? END
START what became more common during the baroque era? END
START what did vocalist add to melodies beginning in the baroque era? END
START what theories began to be put in wider practice? END
START what does equal temperament enabled in hard to tune keyboard instruments? END
START what did bach not use? END
START a modern piano is generally what? END
START what system of temperaments was common during bach's time? END
START when was the classical era? END
START what instrument became the predominant keyboard during the classical era? END
START what became more standardized during the classical era? END
START how many muscians, at most, could make up a chamber ensemble during the classical period? END
START what is an opera buffa? END
START what type of instrument became more refined during the classical era? END
START what is the single reed family called? END
START what type of instrument was somewhat standardized int eh baroque era? END
START who expanded the single reeds role? END
START increased attention to extended melodic lines characterized what era? END
START when did the romantic era end? END
START free-form pieces like nocturnes and preludes were a break from what era? END
START tensions about what increased during the romantic era? END
START what is a name for an art song? END
START who controlled musical institutions before the 19th century? END
START composers and musicians began to construct lives independent of what in the 19th century? END
START what class increased it's interest in music during the 19th century? END
START what instrument became widely popular in the middle class in the 19th century? END
START the 19th century marks the foundation of many what? END
START to what number did the size of the orchestra grow to? END
START what size of choirs have performed gustav mahler's 1906 symphony no. 8? END
START what size orchestras have performed gustav mahler's 1906 symphony no. 8? END
START what allowed brass instruments to play a wider range of notes? END
START what array of instrument grew wider? END
START what did european cultural ideas follow? END
START what type of music rose toward the end of the era? END
START what did nationalism in music sometime echo? END
START edvard grieg and antonin dvorak used what kind of music in their compositions? END
START what style does 20th century classical music encompass? END
START when did modernism take place? END
START composers rejected the traditions of the common practice period during what era? END
START neo-classical music emerged during what era? END
START postmodern music is also know as what? END
START what gender are most composers described in music textbooks? END
START who asked why is music composed by women so marginal to the standard 'classical' repertoire? END
START why were women composers deemed not notable? END
START who is one of the only female composers mentioned? END
START what type of music did women composers typically write? END
START what type of view is that classical music is primarily written musical tradition? END
START musical notation is effective for what? END
START why is written musical notation effective?  END
START did student who actively listen to classical music before studying have higher or lower scores? END
START what happened to the scores of students who listened to rock and roll or country? END
START who experience a significant leap in their academic performance? END
START who conducted the research study? END
START what years was the study conducted in? END
START which composer had an effect named after him? END
START who wrote a book on the mozart effect? END
START where was the experiment originally published? END
START how many iq points of a students' does the mozart effect temporarily boost? END
START how much did the governor of georgia budget per year to provide every child with a cd of classical music? END
START what harmed the music industry in the 20th century according to shawn vancour? END
START who argued that the commercialization of classical music was harmful to the music industry? END
START why was the commercialization of classical music harmful to the music industry according the shawn vancour?  END
START works from the golden age of music matches action to what? END
START who produced fantasia? END
START who starred in johann mouse? END
START who produced rabbit of seville? END
START who produced what's opera, doc? END
START what does classical music convey in movies and television? END
START what piece by vivaldi is used as a cliche to convey opulence? END
START what piece by mozart is used as a cliche to convey refinement? END
START who wrote william tell overture? END
START who wrote night on bald mountain? END
START what does the written score not usually contain explicitly?  END
START interpretations of written score is left to whom? END
START performers can use their knowledge of what to help interpret a written score? END
START improvisation is integral before what took a high significance? END
START when did oral tradition disappear? END
START there is still controversy about how to perform works, even though scores provide what? END
START a score-centric approach strictly emphasizes what? END
START what once played an important role in classical music? END
START where can a remnant of improvisation tradition be found? END
START what can solo performers exhibit during a cadenza? END
START what type of performances of baroque ear operas require improvisation? END
START an example of improvisation in an opera is beverly sills variation of what movement of handel's giulio cesare? END
START how are staples of classical music often used? END
START tv commercials using richard strauss' also sprach zarathustra have now become what? END
START what piece is often used in the horror genre? END
START who wrote ride of the valkyries? END
START who wrote in the hall of the mountain king? END
START folk musicians are not commonly what? END
START what music comes from those commonly trained by oral tradition? END
START dovrak has used what type of themes to impart a nationalist flavor? END
START who used specific themes lifted from folk-music? END
START how are performers expected to play a work due to written transmission? END
START when did details that composers put in their scores increase? END
START admiration of performers for new interpretations can be seen when composers feel the performer achieve what? END
START what do classical performers often achieve? END
START when was improvisation in classical music performance common? END
START when did improvisation begin to lessened strongly? END
START what part did mozart and beethoven often improvise? END
START what is the name for the practice of singing strictly by the score in opera? END
START who strongly supposed ome scritto? END
START popular music from the composer's time was incorporation into what? END
START what did brahms sometimes use in his academic festival overture? END
START what type of music was maurice ravel influenced by? END
START who wrote the threepenny opera? END
START what type of music do certain composers acknowledge a debt to? END
START pachelbel's canon has influenced popular songs since what decade? END
START what phenomenon sees classical musicians achieving success in popular music? END
START baroque or classical era influence can be seen in what modern musical style? END
START ritchie blackmore and randy rhoads play what instrument? END
START what is the largest indo-european ethno-linguistic group in europe? END
START what areas of the world do slavs inhabit? END
START what was colonised by the east slavs? END
START what portion of europe's territory is inhabited by slavic-speaking communities? END
START slavic mercenaries settled where? END
START what is the largest ethno group in north asia? END
START who fought against the byzantines? END
START what did slavic mercenaries colonise? END
START who colonised the arabs? END
START what percentage of central asia is inhabited by slavic-speaking communities? END
START west slavic people consist of which nationalities? END
START east slavic people consist of which nationalities? END
START south slavic people consist of which nationalities? END
START west and east slavs are sometimes combined into a single group called what? END
START north slavs are made up of south slavs and what other slav? END
START the single group of south slavs are made up of which two other groups? END
START what forms of diversity are lost in modern nations? END
START who always has a sense of hostility? END
START *slověninъ, plural *slověne, is the slavic autonym reconstructed in what? END
START old 9th century documents describing slavs were written in what language? END
START who wrote about the slavs in byzantine greek in the 6th century? END
START procopius' contemporary jordanes referred to the slavs in what language? END
START what is the plural form of slavic? END
START what writer wrote in old church slavonic? END
START during what century were slavics referred to as "an east slavic group near novgorod"? END
START when did procopius write in latin about the sclaveni? END
START what slavic word denotes "people who speak the same language?" END
START what slavic word denotes "foreign people?" END
START who considered *slověninъ do be a derivation from slovo? END
START who came up with the slavic autonym? END
START what does slovo derive from? END
START what word did roman jakobson use to call slavics foreign people? END
START what word did jackobson use to mean mute? END
START slovo, slava, and slukh all originate from what proto-indo-european root? END
START the ancient greek κλῆς (klês - "famous") helped create what famous name? END
START what three words originated from the proto-indo-european root *ḱlew- ("be spoken of, fame")? END
START what does the latin word "klew" mean? END
START what is the latin word for famous? END
START what does the word "klew" originate from? END
START what type of root word is pericles? END
START what slavic word means "loud"? END
START the word slav could be derived from what middle english word? END
START the origin of what byzantine term is disputed? END
START the byzantine greek σκλάβος sklábos "slave," which was in turn apparently derived from what? END
START the byzantine term sklavinoi was loaned into arabic as saqaliba by who? END
START what english word does "sclave" come from? END
START what latin word was a misunderstanding? END
START what word was loaned from arabic? END
START who disputes the origin of the word saqaliba? END
START what nationality borrowed the word "saqaliba"? END
START who argues that the word *slava once had the meaning of worshipper? END
START who speculates that *slava derives from a reconstructed proto-indo-european *(s)lawos? END
START the suffix -enin indicates what? END
START who argued that the old east slavic slavuta for the dnieper river was derived from slova? END
START who said slava evolved from an ethnonym? END
START what was the name of the scholar that suggested slova could be a river name? END
START when was sb bernstein born? END
START when did bartek argue the dnieper river was the origin of slovene? END
START what suffix indicates a river name? END
START the earliest mentions of slavic raids are across what river? END
START the earliest mentions of what may be dated to the first half of the 6th century? END
START no archaeological evidence of a slavic settlement in the balkans could be securely dated before when? END
START there is no evidence of a slavic settlement where before c. 600 ad? END
START when did the slavics raid the river danube? END
START when was archaeological evidence of slavic settlements first discovered? END
START all archaeological evidence for the slavics is dated after what year? END
START who raided the slavics? END
START the slavs make their first appearance in byzantine records when? END
START the slavs were under what name in the early 6th century? END
START according to byzantine historiographers, tribes of slavs emerged from what areas? END
START tribes of slavs were invading what provinces of the eastern empire? END
START under whose reign did byzantine historiographers describe slavic tribes? END
START when do byzantine records begin? END
START when did procopius of caesarea live? END
START where was jordanes from? END
START what was another name for byzantine? END
START what mountains did the byzantine people come from? END
START who wrote in 545 that "the sclaveni and the antae actually had a single name in the remote past; for they were both called spori in olden times."? END
START when did procopius write that "the sclaveni and the antae actually had a single name in the remote past; for they were both called spori in olden times."? END
START procopius said sclaveni and antae were both called what? END
START what does procopius describe in his writings of the sclaveni and antae? END
START who did procopius write about in 545? END
START who called the sclaveni spori in olden times? END
START in what year were the sclaveni and antae called spori? END
START what were both sclaveni and spori once called? END
START what did procopius write about in olden times? END
START what did the spori describe in 545? END
START who tells us that the sclaveni had swamps and forests for their cities? END
START who had swamps and forests for their cities? END
START a 6th-century source refers to the sclaveni as living where? END
START who wrote that the sclaveni lived in impenetrable forests? END
START where did jordanes live? END
START who could not penetrate the forests and rivers? END
START when did sclaveni live in swamps? END
START who mentions a daurentius (577–579) that slew an avar envoy of khagan bayan i? END
START who slew an envoy of khagan bayan i? END
START the slavs were asked to accept the suzerainty of whom? END
START who said, "others do not conquer our land, we conquer theirs – so it shall always be for us."? END
START whose envoy was slaughtered by daurentius? END
START when did protector live? END
START what kind of envoy did khagan bayan i destroy? END
START who did the slavs ask to accept their suzerainty? END
START what did protector say about conquering land? END
START who did the avar envoy slaughter? END
START an uncertain relationship was held between the slavs and who? END
START the veneti tribe was located where? END
START what name may refer both to balts and slavs? END
START when was the relationship between the slavs and veneti uncertain? END
START what were the slavs east of? END
START who did the balts have an uncomfortable relationship with? END
START what tribe was to the east of the slavs? END
START what did the roman period refer to? END
START slavic-speaking tribes were part of what prior to becoming known to the roman world? END
START what were some of the multi-ethnic confederacies of eurasia? END
START who started the great migration of the slavs? END
START some slavs migrated with the movement of the vandals to where? END
START who were the germanic tribes fleeing? END
START what empires were part of the roman world? END
START when did the sarmatians move westward? END
START who settled in langs abandoned by the slavs? END
START who was fleeing from the germans? END
START what theory suggests the slavic tribes were unknown to the roman world? END
START when did slavs appear on byzantine borders? END
START the slavs appeared on whose borders around the 6th century? END
START where else reported slavic settlements? END
START where had the slavs settled by the end of the 6th century? END
START when had the slavs settled the eastern alps? END
START when did the peloponnese appear on byzantine borders? END
START what did slav records note could not grow after their presence? END
START where were slave settled at the beginning of the 6th century? END
START how has the southern movement of the byzantine empire been understood? END
START where did the peloponnese appear at the beginning of the 6th c? END
START what appeared among the slavs when their migratory movements ended? END
START when did the first rudiments of state organizations appear among the slavs? END
START early state organizations where headed by what? END
START noble slavs pledged allegiance to whom? END
START who did the byzantine emperors pledge allegiance to? END
START what is another name for the byzantine emperors? END
START what did the beginnings of class differentiation end? END
START who headed the frankish emperors? END
START what two things did each noble have? END
START when did samo become the ruler of the first known slav state? END
START what frankish merchant was the ruler of the first slav state in central europe? END
START what is the oldest slav state in central europe? END
START when was the first bulgarian empire founded? END
START bulgaria was instrumental in the spread of what to the rest of the slavic world? END
START who supported the avar rulers? END
START what outlived the first slav ruler? END
START where was the first known avar state? END
START what became the official language of an empire in 681? END
START when was carantania founded? END
START what three free slavic states were in the world as of 1878? END
START when were the russian empire, serbia, and montenegro the only free slavic states in the world? END
START whose official independence was declared in 1908? END
START when were independent states as czechoslovakia, the second polish republic, and the state of slovenes, croats and serbs established? END
START what was serbia de jure vassal to in 1878? END
START when was montenegro's independence declared? END
START how many people were in the ottoman empire? END
START what ended in 1878? END
START how many slavs lived in czechoslovakia? END
START whose plan for the east entailed killing, deporting, or enslaving the slavs? END
START what would have led to the starvation of 80 million people in the soviet union? END
START the nazi hunger plan and generalplan ost resulted in the death and imprisonment of how many people? END
START what is the german word for living space? END
START how many prisoners of war were supposed to die from the hunger plan? END
START who planned to deport german settlers? END
START 80 million people died in what country? END
START what is the slavic word for living space? END
START what plans successfully resulted in 80 million people starving? END
START the first half of the 20th century was marked by what in russia and the soviet union? END
START who estimated the russian population was 90 million fewer than it could have been in 1945? END
START when was the russian population estimated to be about 90 million fewer than it could have been? END
START what was marked by succession of wars, famines, and other disasters in the 20th century? END
START when did stephen j. lee make his estimate about the russian population? END
START how many people did famine kill in russia? END
START who did russia fight with in the first half of the 20th century? END
START who ended the war in 1945? END
START what is stephen j. lee's nationality? END
START when did pan-slavism develop as a movement? END
START pan-slavism became compromised when what empire started to use it as an ideology justifying its territorial conquests? END
START the russian empire used what as justification for its territorial conquests? END
START what notable political union of the 20th century covered most south slavs? END
START when did yugoslavia break apart? END
START what influenced practical politics? END
START when did the russian empire create pan-slavism? END
START what did central europe begin to conquest? END
START what formed in the 1990s? END
START who did the poles subjugate? END
START when was the word "slavs" used in the national anthem of the slovak republic? END
START when was the word "slavs" used in the national anthem of yugoslavia? END
START when was the word "slavs" used in the national anthem of the federal republic of yugoslavia? END
START when was the word "slavs" used in the national anthem of serbia and montenegro? END
START when was slavs used for the yugoslavia and montenegro anthem? END
START what word was taken out of the national anthem of the slovak republic in 1939? END
START what country stopped using the word slavs in 1943? END
START when did the federal republic of yugoslavia become yugoslavia? END
START many slavic populations that were part of the warsaw pact are originally from where? END
START what is the largest slavic minority? END
START where is the largest slavic minority located? END
START what other slavic minorities are in kazakhstan? END
START what country has the largest ukrainian population? END
START what was the warsaw pact originally part of? END
START what is the largest population in kazakhstan? END
START what is an example of a satellite state? END
START what is the smallest minority in kazakhstan? END
START what movement came into prominence in the mid-19th century that emphasized the common heritage and unity of all the slavic peoples? END
START where was the main focus of pan-slavism? END
START who used pan-slavism as a political tool? END
START when did the soviet union gain political-military influence and control over most slavic-majority nations? END
START how long did the soviet union retain a hegemonic role? END
START who did the south slavs rule over? END
START when did venice gain power over slavic-majority nations? END
START what type of role did slavic nations play between 1989-1991? END
START which area was the first to use pan-slavism as a political tool? END
START what did austria-hungary use pan-slavism for? END
START what began as an almost exclusively linguistic and philological enterprise? END
START when were slavic languages recognized as indo-european? END
START what languages were recognized as indo-european? END
START in 1833, slavic languages were recognized as what? END
START when did slavic studies become a linguistic enterprise? END
START what were indo-european studies recognized as? END
START what did indo-european studies begin as? END
START what was recognized as slavic languages? END
START when did linguistic studies begin? END
START what depends on what religion is usual for the respective slavic ethnic groups? END
START who uses the cyrillic alphabet? END
START who uses the latin alphabet? END
START other than the roman catholics, who else uses latin? END
START what is a latin script to write in belarusian? END
START what is dependent on the alphabet? END
START what is the name of the latin script muslims use? END
START what do most greek romans use? END
START what language do ukranians use? END
START what language uses a cyrillic script called lacinka? END
START what is the supposed ancestor of all slavic languages? END
START proto-slavic developed numerous lexical and morphophonological isoglosses with what languages? END
START the indo-europeans who remained after the migrations became speakers of what? END
START who became speakers of balto-slavic? END
START proto-slavic is a descendant of what? END
START what does proto-indo-european descend from? END
START how did proto-slavic become the ancestor language to all slavic? END
START what did proto-indo-european form with balto languages? END
START what proposes the indo-europeans that migrated became speakers of balto-slavic? END
START proto-slavic is sometimes referred to as what? END
START what is defined as the last stage of the language preceding the geographical split of the historical slavic languages? END
START old church slavonic manuscripts were based on the local slavic speech of what? END
START what could still serve the purpose of the first common slavic literary language? END
START what is another term for old church slavonic? END
START what was the name of the language after the geographical split? END
START what did the proto-slavic language have in multiple recognizable variations? END
START what speech did old church slavonic influence? END
START what is thessaloniki the first example of? END
START when were pagan slavic populations christianized? END
START what religion is predominant in the east and south slavs? END
START what religion is predominant in the west and western south slavs? END
START when did the east-west schism begin? END
START the majority of contemporary slavic populations who profess a religion are what? END
START what schism began in the 10th century? END
START most of what populations are muslim? END
START what percentage of slavs are atheist? END
START when did slavic populations become more atheistic? END
START what nationality is the protestant religion common in? END
START who is customarily divided along geographical lines into tree major subgroups? END
START what three major subgroups are slavs divided into? END
START the slav subgroups have had notable cultural contact with what kind of civilisations? END
START how many groups are non-slavic bronze age civilisations divided into? END
START how is the west slavs subgroup divided? END
START what group did the slavs largely avoid? END
START what do all subgroups share? END
START ethnic affiliation of who has become an ideological conflict? END
START the idea of "carpatho-ruthenian" nation is supported only by lemkos residing where? END
START most inhabitants of historic moravia considered themselves as what? END
START what group is considered part of the poles? END
START what is the ethnic affiliation of the rusyns considered? END
START what do the ukrainians in transcarpathia support? END
START what do people from bohemia and silesia use that is the same? END
START what are moravians considered part of? END
START what are parts of the upper moravia sometimes considered? END
START most slavic muslims now opt for what ethnicity? END
START what two groups are considered two ethnonyms for a single ethnicity and the terms may even be used interchangeably? END
START a small number of people declare themselves bosniak but are not necessarily muslim by faith within what regions? END
START which areas tend to use the muslim designation? END
START what two terms cannot be used interchangeably? END
START what religion do people who declare themselves as bosniak always have? END
START what oddity in people who declare themselves as bosniak can be found in croatia? END
START what country besides bosnia are bosniaks always also muslim? END
START this identity continues to be used by a minority throughout the what former republics? END
START the nationality is also declared by diasporans living where? END
START diasporan is claimed as an identity in what former republics? END
START this nationality has been rejected by diasporans living where? END
START what are the minority living in usa and canada called? END
START what has been abandoned by those living in yugoslav? END
START where are bunjevci located? END
START where are šokci located? END
START where are janjevci located? END
START where are burgenland croats located? END
START where are krashovans located? END
START what is a subgroup of benjevci? END
START what subgroup is located in slavonia and kosovo? END
START where are molise croats and moravian croats located? END
START what group lives in burgenland? END
START where are backa located? END
START what sub-groups of slovenes are extinct? END
START what are the current sub-groups of slovenes? END
START what is a subgroup of hungarians? END
START which five groups are now extinct? END
START what happened to most of the slovenes subgroups? END
START how many subgroups of slovenes are there? END
START serbs of croatia are mostly descendants of who? END
START where are zagorci located? END
START where are istrijani located? END
START where are boduli located? END
START where are vlaji located? END
START what is the only way slavs identify? END
START what are slavs called in central croatia? END
START who are the vlaji descendants of? END
START when did western bosnia become the military frontier? END
START what are the names of the cities in the north bulgarian region? END
START what two dna haplogroups predominate in modern slavic peoples? END
START what is the frequency of haplogroup r1a in the sorbs? END
START what is the frequency of haplogroup r1a in poland? END
START what is the frequency of haplogroup r1a in ukraine? END
START what is the frequency of haplogroup r1a in russia? END
START when did spencer wells deduce r1a1a arose on the pontic-caspian steppe? END
START how frequent is i2a2a in the sorbs? END
START what population is i2a2a the rarest in?  END
START who created the kurgan hypothesis? END
START where did  i2a2a arise from? END
START when did rębała and colleagues studied several slavic populations with the aim of localizing the proto-slavic homeland? END
START who studied several slavic populations with the aim of localizing the proto-slavic homeland? END
START in 2007 rębała and colleagues studied several slavic populations with the aim of localizing what? END
START when was the proto-slavic homeland found? END
START who wanted to localize slavic populations? END
START what did rębała study to localize the slavic population? END
START when did specific studies of slavic genetics begin? END
START who searched for specifically slavic sub-group of r1a1a [m17]? END
START when did marcin woźniak search specifically for slavic sub-group of r1a1a [m17]? END
START the team that discovered m458 was led by who? END
START who was searching for slavic haplotypes? END
START when did peter underhill discover the marker? END
START what did peter underhill suspect m458 was? END
START what is the evolutionary effective mutation rate more in line with? END
START what marker did wozniak discover? END
START what is distinguished by the presence of y haplogroup n? END
START pomors are distinguished by the presence of what? END
START y haplogroup n are found at high rates in who? END
START russians are generally similar to populations in what region? END
START pomors are also known as what? END
START what are y haplogroup n distinguished by? END
START what do finnic tribes have in high rates? END
START where are the uralic peoples from? END
START what are russians most dissimilar from autosomally? END
START what is another name for uralic peoples? END
START i2a1b1 is typical of what populations? END
START i2a1b1 is found being highest where? END
START haplogroup i2a2 is commonly found in what group of people? END
START hg i2a2 was believed to have arisen where? END
START who has split i2a2 into two clades? END
START what percentage of north-eastern italians have i2a1b1? END
START where did i2a1b1 originate? END
START what preceded l2a1b1? END
START who split lgm? END
START how old is i2a1b1 calculated to be? END
START when did boris arkadievich malyarchuk use a sample of czech individuals to determine the frequency of "monigoloid" "mtdna lineages"? END
START who used a sample of czech individuals to determine the frequency of "monigoloid" "mtdna lineages"? END
START malyarchuk found czech mtdna lineages were typical of what populations? END
START malyarchuk said the mongoloid component of slavic people was partially added before the split of "balto-slavics" in what time period? END
START malyarchuk said that other slavs "mongoloid component" was increased during the waves of migration from what populations? END
START what was the name of the czech individual tested? END
START what assimilated the russian population? END
START when was the steppe population migration? END
START how many biochemists were involved in the study? END
START what percentage of finno-ugric populations have mongoloid mtdna lineage? END
START dna from how many russians show that the y chromosomes fall into seven major haplogroups all characteristic to west eurasian populations? END
START dna samples from 1228 russians show that the y chromosomes analyzed, all except 20 (1.6%) fall into seven major haplogroups all characteristic to what populations? END
START taken together, they account for what percentage of the total russian y chromosomal pool? END
START what percentage fell into haplogroups that are specific to east and south asian populations? END
START mitochondrial dna (mtdna) examined in poles and russians revealed the presence of what major haplogroups? END
START what percentage of poles have y chromosomes in the major haplogroups? END
START how many poles were studied? END
START dna of poles and russians differ from what group? END
START where are the 20 haplogroups from? END
START what percentage of poles have haplogroups from east asian populations? END
START what is the posulated homeland region of the slavs? END
START who did the slavs have contact with in ukraine? END
START after their subsequent spread, they began assimilating who? END
START what peoples where in the balkans? END
START who vanished from the population of the balkans? END
START what non-slavic groups are in present-day ukraine? END
START what modern nation claims to descend from thracians? END
START when were slavs hellenized? END
START what features of the republic of macedonia helped pass on its legacy to future generations? END
START when did dalmatian romance assimilate the slavs? END
START where did south slavs and germanic gepids intermarried with avar invaders? END
START in the western balkans, south slavs and germanic gepids intermarried with who? END
START in central europe, the slavs intermixed with who? END
START the eastern slavs intermixed with who? END
START scandinavians (varangians) and finnic peoples were involved in the early formation of what state? END
START what is another name for the finnic peoples? END
START what state did the germanic gepids help form? END
START when was the magyar migration? END
START how many romano-dacians were there in the magyar migration? END
START what attacking tribes lived in the regions of the north? END
START who settled in parts of england? END
START where did polabian slavs (wends) settle? END
START polabian-pomeranian slavs are also known to have even settled where? END
START what refers to the slavic mercenaries and slaves in the medieval arab world in north africa, sicily and al-andalus? END
START saqaliba served as what? END
START what is another name for iceland? END
START what name refers to the polabian-pomeranian slavs? END
START who served as the guards of the saqaliba? END
START when did the polabian slavs settle in england? END
START when did niklot invade slavic lands? END
START cossacks came from what backgrounds? END
START many early members of the terek cossacks were what? END
START what religious affiliation did the cossacks have? END
START what primary religion do turks follow? END
START what were many early tatars? END
START what did the ossetians speak? END
START what ethnic backgrounds came from cossacks? END
START where did the gorals reside? END
START who descended from romance-speaking vlachs? END
START when did the vlachs migrate into the region? END
START what population descended from the vlachs? END
START who descended from the gorals? END
START what language did gorals speak? END
START when did the gorals live in southern poland? END
START where do moravian wallachia live? END
START slavs that remained in the carpathian basin were assimilated into who? END
START there is a large number of river names and other placenames of slavic origin in what country? END
START majority of slavs continued south to the riches of the territory that became what country? END
START where did the slavs that assimilated into the magyar or romanian population remain? END
START who were the slavs in bulgaria assimilated by? END
START what was attractive about the magyar? END
START what have slavic origins in bulgaria? END
START what basin did most slavs end up in? END
START which direction did the romanians travel in? END
START what's the estimated population of southampton? END
START what could you call someone who lives in southampton? END
START in what ceremonial county is southampton located? END
START how many miles away from london is southampton? END
START in which direction would you travel from portsmouth to reach southampton? END
START what is the big retail shopping center in southampton called? END
START in what month of 2014 did southampton's city council give the go-ahead for westquay watermark? END
START what war is southampton often associated with? END
START what company owns westquay watermark? END
START by the end of 2016, how many people are projected to be working onsite at westquay watermark? END
START what other city merged with southampton after the 2001 census? END
START what's the other name for south hampshire? END
START in the 2011 census, what was the population of southampton after it merged with portsmouth? END
START what metropolitan area is portsmouth a part of? END
START what is the estimated minimum population of south hampshire? END
START what year did the romans invade britain? END
START what ancient settlement was established after rome invaded and the britons were conquered? END
START according to evidence found, in what archaeological age were there first inhabitants in the area of southampton? END
START what is the site of clausentum called now? END
START in addition to two ditches, what was clausentum's defense from invaders? END
START what people established a settlement in what is now the st. mary's area of southampton? END
START what name did the anglo-saxons give their settlement first? END
START what name did hamwic have in the interim as it was evolving into hampton? END
START what county in england was named after hampton? END
START what river separated hamwic from the home of previous settlers? END
START what kind of raids disturbed hamwic in the 9th century? END
START what year did the vikings start attacking hamwic? END
START in what century was a new settlement set up at the site of hamwic? END
START what was the name of the 10th-century fortified settlement that took hamwic's place? END
START in what year did the norman conquest take place? END
START what was the capital of england during the time of the norman conquest? END
START southampton was important to transit between winchester and what other region in england in the 11th century? END
START in what century was southampton castle built? END
START during the 13th century, what did southampton get in trade for english cloth and wool? END
START ruins of merchants' homes that survive today are evidence that southampton had rich people in what century? END
START what plague made it to england because of all the ships visiting southampton in the 14th century? END
START what year did the black death arrive in england for the first time? END
START in addition to king john's house, what's the name of another rich merchant's dwelling that still partly remains? END
START who led the invasion of southampton in the 14th century by the french and others? END
START what principality did grimaldi set up with the profits from plundering southampton? END
START what year did edward iii show up in southampton and tell them to build walls? END
START how many of the original towers from southampton's walls are still standing? END
START the oldest section of the original wall around the town dates from what year? END
START what's the name of the wall tower that was the first of its kind in england built for artillery purposes? END
START in what year was the god's house tower built? END
START what museum was located in god's house tower until 2011? END
START which king of england directed new fortifications that helped southampton rely less on its wall? END
START in what century did southampton complete construction of the wall around the city? END
START the only remaining piece of the motte and bailey castle can be seen near what modern southampton street? END
START about what year was the franciscan friary established in southampton? END
START what year did southampton's franciscan friary shut down? END
START in what decade were the leftovers of the southampton friary destroyed? END
START what landmark now sits on the site of the franciscan friary in southampton? END
START in what year was the friars' water supply system built in southampton? END
START where was the water brought from by the friars' supply system? END
START what year did the friars start letting the rest of southampton use the water from their system? END
START when was ownership of the medieval water supply system given to the town of southampton? END
START what's the name of the landmark on commercial road where remains of the friars' water system can be seen? END
START what war was taking place in the 1640s in england? END
START what year did a parliamentary garrison enter southampton? END
START what is the furthest town the royalists reached during their advance into southampton in 1644? END
START in what month of 1644 did the royalists fail to take redbridge? END
START what skilled trade was a central industry for southampton in the middle ages? END
START what's the name of the famed warship built in southampton for henry v? END
START what was the name of the man who overhauled block-making to mechanize the process? END
START between 1904 and 2004, what shipbuilding company employed a large portion of southampton? END
START in what historical period did walter taylor's improvements on block-making play an important role? END
START what battle did king henry leave for in 1415? END
START what group did the men accused of high treason, including henry scrope and sir thomas grey, lead? END
START what is the public house where the men from southampton plot were tried called now? END
START what was the earl of cambridge's first name? END
START outside of what structure did the execution of the southampton plot leaders take place? END
START what did the military use southampton for during wars in the 18th century? END
START in addition to wars with the french and the boer war, in which notable war in the 18th century did southampton play a role? END
START what war won southampton the title of no. 1 military embarkation port? END
START what group of people in addition to wounded soldiers from the great war often were brought to southampton for treatment? END
START in what year did southampton lead preparations for the invasion of europe? END
START when did southampton turn into a spa town? END
START despite not having a good beach, what decade saw  southampton become popular for sea bathing? END
START where in southampton were special baths filled by seawater constructed? END
START what change in flow of the sea controlled the innovative baths at west quay? END
START in what historical period did southampton expand greatly? END
START what year was the southampton docks company created? END
START in what month of 1838 was stone laid for the foundation of the southampton docks? END
START what year did the railroad to london from southampton open fully? END
START what name did southampton earn for its importance in creating a link to london? END
START who wrote "the cruise of the steam yacht north star"? END
START what town did choules say had the only main street more beautiful than southampton's? END
START how long was southampton's high street as described by choules? END
START what adjective did choules use to describe the shops of southampton's high street? END
START choules complimented the streets of southampton for being kept in what condition? END
START what famous ship left southampton's port carrying the pilgrim fathers? END
START what year did the mayflower set sail from southampton? END
START how many crew members out of every five on the rms titanic were sotonians? END
START what company operated passenger ships across the atlantic, including the rms queen elizabeth? END
START in what year did southampton container terminals open? END
START who designed the supermarine spitfire? END
START what area of southampton did mitchell hail from? END
START what color is the plaque that marks the spitfire designer's house? END
START in what month of 1940 did bombs destroy the factory that made mitchell's seaplanes? END
START which forces did southampton supply after d-day that made it a target for many luftwaffe air raids? END
START how many people died because of the bombs dropped on southampton? END
START in addition to casualties, about how many people were wounded by air raids on southampton? END
START was it hundreds or thousands of buildings in southampton that sustained damage from air raids? END
START what style of architecture partially survived the war? END
START southampton has been redeveloped almost entirely in the years since which war? END
START in which decade did there start to be a lot of traffic in southampton? END
START some of the walls around which landmark were demolished in the 1930s? END
START what document declared the upgrade of university college at highfield? END
START what is the new name of university college at highfield? END
START when did southampton officially become a city? END
START in what year did the royal charter give the university of southampton its name? END
START in what year did an act establish the hampshire county council? END
START what organization did the new county council share governance of southampton with? END
START what year was the county of hampshire officially named? END
START even before it was official, hampshire was often called hampshire or what ancient variation of the name? END
START what designation was southampton given in 1974? END
START southampton's history of administrative independence dates back to the reign of which king? END
START what was the annual fee paid by the burgesses of southampton for the rights of custom and toll laid out in the charter of 1199? END
START in the 1100s, the port of southampton included everything between lymington and what area? END
START under what king was a charter granted in 1446/7 that separated southampton and portsmouth from hampshire? END
START what date was the charter regarding southampton's tax farm signed at orival? END
START what king's charter recognized southampton as its own county? END
START what year did southampton receive the charter naming it 'the town and county of the town of southampton'? END
START what era in history saw local government begin setting up county councils in the area? END
START after 1888, which council took over some governance of southampton town? END
START what was the year that queen elizabeth ii's charter created the city and county of the city of southampton? END
START what county did the city of southampton become administratively independent of in april of 1997? END
START what official designation did southampton receive in the april 1997 local government reorganization? END
START what act was responsible for the reorganization of local government on april 1, 1997? END
START what ceremonial county does southampton still belong to? END
START how many concillors sit on southampton's city council? END
START how man wards are there in southampton? END
START how many councillors are assigned to each ward in southampton? END
START in what month are council elections held? END
START in how many years of every four is a council election held in southampton? END
START how many representatives does southampton have in parliament? END
START what is royston smith's constituency? END
START who is southampton test's member of parliament? END
START to what political party does caroline nokes belong? END
START which directional area of southampton does dr. alan whitehead represent? END
START how many cities or towns are there in all of england and wales with a ceremonial sheriff acting as the mayor's deputy? END
START who's the current mayor of southampton? END
START what's the name of the 578th sheriff of southampton? END
START when did john melody, the town crier of southampton, pass away? END
START how many decibels was john melody able to reach in his cry? END
START what city in france does southampton city council have a twinning link with? END
START which italian city did southampton city council establish a twinning link with in 2002? END
START what's the only city in the usa with a twinning link to southampton city council? END
START what year did southampton city council link with busan, south korea? END
START in what country does southampton city council have a twinning link with rems-murr-kreis? END
START at which tip of southampton water is southampton located? END
START what river converges with the test? END
START which river is excellent for salmon fishing? END
START which river splits the city of southampton into an east section and a west section? END
START what southampton area is located between the itchen and test rivers? END
START what's the name of the public quay that's been in southampton since the 13th century? END
START in what decade were the eastern docks that can be seen today created? END
START what company commissioned the program that created the western docks? END
START what body of water was dredged for the material used for reclamation? END
START in what decade did the southern railway company commission the program that created the western docks? END
START how many high tide peaks does southampton water get? END
START what island do many people think causes the double high tide in southampton water? END
START what body of water is actually responsible for the unusual double high tide? END
START what size ships can move through southampton water more easily because of the double high tide? END
START in addition to its shape, what property of the english channel affects water flow in southampton water? END
START along which border of southampton does the river test run? END
START what forest is on the opposite bank of the river test from southampton? END
START what motorway crosses the river test to the north? END
START where was the first bridge built across the river itchen? END
START what bridge at swaythling crosses at the point between the tidal and non-tidal sections of the river itchen? END
START what's the largest park in southampton? END
START how many hectares is southampton common? END
START what wildlife center is located in southampton common? END
START what related attraction was at the same site before the urban wildlife centre? END
START how many local authorities are there in england? END
START in addition to the thornhill and townhill park districts, what other district has a council estate? END
START what's southampton's ranking on the list of most deprived local authorities in england? END
START what kind of climate does southampton have? END
START for what month does southampton hold the uk's record high temperature? END
START what was the record high temperature for june in degrees celsius? END
START what year did southampton set the record high temperature for june? END
START what does the record-setting 35.6 degrees celsius convert to in degrees fahrenheit?  END
START what source of geothermal power sits below southampton's center? END
START in what region of southampton is the geothermal power station for the aquifer? END
START which section of the city receives hot water from geothermal power through the west quay plant? END
START what utility company sponsored a carbon emissions survey in 2006? END
START in the 2006 study, southampton was discovered to be one of the lowest carbon emitters out of major cities in what large geographical area? END
START what race makes up the vast majority of southampton's population? END
START what percentage of the population of southampton is black, according to the 2001 census? END
START going by the 2001 census, what percentage of southampton's population is of mixed race? END
START what percentage of the white population did the 2001 census show were white irish? END
START according to the 2001 census, what race comprises 3.8% of people living in southampton? END
START in 2011, what was the estimated population of southampton inside city limits? END
START what nationality of people makes up a large portion of southampton residents? END
START what's the highest estimate of the polish population of the city of southampton? END
START are there more males or females in southampton? END
START what age range contains the most people from southampton? END
START how many people between the ages of 30 and 34 live in southampton? END
START how many women live in southampton? END
START what's the only monocentric city on the south coast larger than southampton? END
START by what percentage did the population of southampton increase from 1996 to 2004? END
START what's the only other city in england besides portsmouth more densely populated than southampton? END
START what organization anticipated an additional 2% population growth from 2006 to 2013? END
START what age segment of the population of southampton is projected to increase the most? END
START how many more residents would southampton have if the population grew by 2%, as the council expected? END
START how many jobs were there in southampton in march of 2007? END
START how many southampton residents were claiming job seeker's allowance in march, 2007? END
START in march 2007, what percentage of southampton residents claimed job seeker's allowance? END
START what england's average percentage for people claiming job seeker's allowance? END
START what sector provides about a quarter of southampton's available jobs? END
START what percentage of available jobs in southampton are in the property/other business sector? END
START what's the third largest sector providing jobs in southampton? END
START by what percentage did available jobs increase in southampton between 1995 and 2004? END
START what percentage of available jobs in southampton are in wholesale and retail industries? END
START what was southampton's average annual salary in january of 2007? END
START how far below the national average is the average annual salary in southampton? END
START how far below england's south east region is southampton's average annual salary? END
START about how much of uk's passenger traffic did southampton handle during the inter-war period? END
START what kind of passenger ships make up a lot of the traffic in the port of southampton? END
START going by what unit of measurement makes southampton the fourth largest port in the uk? END
START in what year did southampton's fourth cruise terminal open in the western docklands? END
START what branch of the department for transport has its headquarters in southampton? END
START what century saw more diverse industries come to southampton? END
START southampton's range of industries includes the manufacture of cars and what other transport? END
START what kind of engineering does industry in southampton support? END
START along with the docks and grain mills, what crop has been processed in southampton for a long time? END
START how many people in the southampton area receive hospital services from university hospital southampton nhs foundation trust? END
START how many people in the south of england rely on the nhs foundation trust's specialist services? END
START what type of service does the nhs foundation trust provide at the countess mountbatten house? END
START what hospital is the countess mountbatten house a part of? END
START in what village is moorgreen hospital located? END
START what's the name of the uk's national mapping agency? END
START what year did ordnance survey's new headquarters open in southampton? END
START what company said it is planning to move marine operations to the university of southampton? END
START what area of southampton holds a ford assembly plant? END
START which model does ford manufacture in their southampton plant? END
START what's the largest retail center in southampton? END
START what's westquay's ranking among the largest retail centers in the uk? END
START what was the name of the third phase of west quay development that got put on hold because of the recession? END
START what year did work resume on the development of watermark westquay? END
START what popular swedish company opened a new store in the west quay site in 2009? END
START what type of tall buildings are being planned on southampton's waterfront? END
START how many stories tall will each of the three proposed towers be? END
START what marina in southampton may get a 15-story high hotel? END
START what factor is very strong in southampton that encourages redevelopment of the city? END
START what's the projected budget of the development plan that includes the new hotels? END
START going by 2004 calculations, how much does southampton contribute to the region's economy each year? END
START what sector puts up most of southampton's economic contribution? END
START in 2004, southampton's contribution to the regional economy had almost doubled from what it was in what year? END
START what museum reopened on july 30th, 2011 after a huge renovation? END
START what's the name of the museum located in one of southampton's tower walls? END
START what's the name of the aviation museum in southampton? END
START what's the impressive budget of the seacity museum? END
START what organization invested half a million pounds in the seacity museum? END
START in what month each year is the southampton boat show held? END
START what waterfront park hosts the boat show? END
START when was the boat show first held in mayflower park? END
START what southampton festival culminates in the boat show? END
START attendees of the boat show can expect to see at least how many exhibitors? END
START what's the biggest theatre in southampton? END
START how many people can the mayflower theatre hold? END
START what was the former name of the mayflower theatre? END
START what famous ballet company has performed at the mayflower? END
START which southampton theatre won the stage award for best regional theatre for 2015? END
START what gallery in southampton houses a designated collection? END
START what's the all-lowercase named arts organization in charge of the art gallery in southampton's bargate? END
START what project, also run by a space, showcases art in southampton's medieval buildings? END
START what art gallery is a part of southampton solent university? END
START in addition to the mayflower theatre, what's southampton's other big venue for live music? END
START what legendary band with a color in its name has played at the guildhall? END
START what orchestra with a name that starts with "b" has played at the guildhall? END
START what choir from the area has sung at the guildhall? END
START what nightclub in southampton was nominated for the uk's best small nightclub? END
START what genre of music is featured at junk? END
START what small music venue in southampton is named after an aquatic mammal? END
START what popular rnb singer hails from southampton? END
START what's the name of the coldplay drummer from southampton? END
START what group did southampton's rob skipper sing for? END
START what band that broke up in 2014 was formed in southampton? END
START what genre of music is james zabiela known for? END
START what program with a direction in its name does the bbc broadcast from southampton? END
START what's the name of the local itv division? END
START where is the meridian headquarters located? END
START what is the local television channel for southampton called? END
START towards the end of what year did that's solent begin broadcasting? END
START how many community fm radio stations are there in southampton? END
START what local fm station won the queens award? END
START what's the new name of the station formerly known as the saint? END
START what genre of music is played on the breeze? END
START what was the old name of heart hampshire? END
START what's southampton university's radio station called? END
START what kind of music does wave 105 play? END
START what's the nickname of the southampton football club? END
START what stadium has been home to the saints since 2001? END
START what year did southampton football club first reach the top level of english football? END
START who did the saints beat in 1976 to win the fa cup? END
START what league did southampton football club become founding members of in 1992?  END
START local southampton football leagues have what day of the week in their names? END
START how many local sunday football leagues does southampton have?  END
START what's the name of the local league with "city" in its name? END
START what's the name of the the local league with "district" in its name? END
START at what venue does the hampshire county cricket club play? END
START what part of the city is the rose bowl in? END
START besides the county cricket ground, at what other cricket ground did the hampshire county cricket club used to play? END
START besides the hampshire county cricket club, what's the name of the other cricket league in southampton? END
START what's southampton's hockey club named? END
START what year was southampton hockey club founded? END
START how many senior men's teams does the hockey club field each week? END
START weekly, how many senior ladies teams does southampton hockey club field? END
START how old do kids need to be to play in the hockey club? END
START what's the oldest rugby team in southampton? END
START what division was trojans rfc promoted to in 2008-9? END
START what famous player from trojans rfc also played for the leicester tigers? END
START what position did allen play for the leicester tigers? END
START what division do the tottonians belong to? END
START what feature does southampton have plenty of that provides for water sports and yachting? END
START what race named after a car company used to be hosted in southampton? END
START what was the former name of the volvo ocean race? END
START which marina in southampton hosted the yacht race from 1977 too 2001? END
START what facility is the center of southampton's public sports and outdoor activities? END
START how many additional leisure venues are run by council executives? END
START what company did the council leisure executives sell operating rights to? END
START what magazine awarded southampton "fittest city in the uk" in 2006? END
START how many spots did southampton lose in the "fittest city" rankings for 2007? END
START who was the "fittest city in the uk" ahead of southampton in 2007? END
START during the pre-war period, where was speedway racing held? END
START what year did banister court stadium close its doors for good? END
START what college american football team calls southampton home? END
START at what sports venue do the southampton stags play? END
START where is the wide lane sports facility located? END
START who is responsible for policing southampton? END
START how much did it cost to build the operations base of southampton's police service? END
START on what street in southampton is the police headquarters for the city? END
START what year did the brand new, eight-story police headquarters open? END
START what train station is close to the police force's building? END
START who handles fires in southampton? END
START how many fire stations are there in southampton city limits? END
START along with hightown and redbridge, what's the third fire station in southampton? END
START how many crimes overall are reported for each 1,000 people in southampton? END
START did hampshire constabulary record fewer or more crime incidents in 2009/10 than the year before? END
START for how many consecutive years has violent crime in southampton decreased? END
START is southampton's crime rate higher or lower than the national average? END
START which statistics are debated because of the different ways various police forces record crime? END
START is southampton's higher education sector weak or strong? END
START what's the combined student population of the two major universities in southampton? END
START what's the name of the institution of higher learning with "solent" in its name? END
START what year was the university of southampton founded? END
START when did the university of southampton receive university designation by official royal charter? END
START the university of southampton has more than what number of students attending? END
START what research centre at the university of southampton is abbreviated nocs? END
START what organization ranked the university of southampton in the top 80 universities worldwide in 2010? END
START how many students attend southampton solent university? END
START what specialized academy does southampton solent university host? END
START in addition to international shipping, what other industry does the warsash maritime academy prepare students for? END
START how many standalone sixth form colleges are there in southampton? END
START what college of further education offers vocational courses and esol programs? END
START what courses does southampton city college offer to adult students? END
START what college with the initials bpc is outside of the city but still popular with students from southampton? END
START what's the sixth form college named after a person? END
START more than what percentage of the students surveyed said they'd been bullied? END
START about how many pupils took the bullying survey? END
START what specific form of bullying did the survey show was most common? END
START what was the second most common form of bullying experienced by boys who took the survey? END
START which level of schools in southampton are the worst behaved in the uk? END
START how many times the national average are the suspension rates at southampton's secondary schools? END
START out of about every 14 students, how many will be suspended from school? END
START in addition to physical attacks, what other kind of assault do southampton's students commit against staff more than anywhere else in the country? END
START which motorway located north of southampton links up england's south coast? END
START which motorway connects southampton to london? END
START what city is located on the a34 where the m3 connects to the north and midlands? END
START what spur of the m27 connects it to southampton's city centre and western docks? END
START are southampton's transport routes around the uk good or bad? END
START southampton's railways provide freight services and what other important services? END
START what's the name of the main train station in southampton? END
START heading east from southampton, what city is connected by rail? END
START in which direction do trains run from southampton to winchester? END
START in what year did the rail route from southampton to london open? END
START in addition to the southern and eastern sections of southampton, what other section has local train service? END
START what company operates southampton's local train service? END
START what organization announced plans for rail expansion in southampton in july of 2009? END
START in what year did a proposal to expand light rail service to portsmouth and gosport fail? END
START what's the current destination of the freight-only line the hampshire county council wants to use to expand passenger service? END
START what competing railway company tried to open a rail route in the 1880s? END
START in which direction did the didcot, newbury and southampton railway want to expand? END
START what feature survives in the hill lane area as evidence of the didcot, newbury and southampton railway's work? END
START in what town is southampton airport located? END
START what direction would one travel from southampton to get to the airport in eastleigh? END
START if passengers don't want to take a train to the airport, what other transport is available? END
START to take a train to southampton airport, what railway station would you need to go through? END
START what cruise line has its headquarters in southampton? END
START besides carnival, what other major cruise line parks its record-breaking cruise ships in southampton water?  END
START in addition to p&o cruises and cunard line, what other brand does carnival corporation own? END
START what brand of cruise ships has a special importance to southampton? END
START what was the name of the liner that left southampton on its final journey on november 11, 2008? END
START who christened the cunard ship queen victoria in december 2007? END
START in what year did the queen elizabeth receive its name from the queen? END
START what ship did the duchess of cambridge christen on june 13, 2013? END
START what does southampton call the event when three ships named after queens all visit the city? END
START which of the "three queens" has a number in its name? END
START along with the queen mary 2 and queen victoria, which third ship must be present for the 'arrival of the three queens'? END
START what cruise line celebrated a landmark anniversary in southampton in july of 2012? END
START which anniversary did p&o celebrate in southampton? END
START how many p&o liners visited southampton on the day of the 175th anniversary celebrations? END
START which of the seven p&o cruise liners has a name that begins with "v"? END
START along with the oriana, what's the other p&o liner with a name that starts with the same letter? END
START how many internal ferry services does southampton serve? END
START what is the name of the quay where all three ferries have their terminals? END
START how many of the ferries connect to the isle of wight? END
START what company operates the ferries to east cowes and cowes? END
START what body of water does the hythe ferry cross to reach hythe from southampton? END
START in what decade was the ferry port built in southampton to carry people to exotic destinations on the continent? END
START by what year did car ferries finish operating from southampton, other than the one to the isle of wight? END
START what was built on the site where the southampton ferry port used to be? END
START what has the princess alexandra dock become? END
START what location that was once filled with passengers, dry docks, and trains is now a holding area for new cars? END
START what form of public transport do most people in southampton use now? END
START along with first southampton, what is the other main bus operator in southampton? END
START what bus service did the university of southampton commission to carry people between the city and the university? END
START what time does uni-link stop service to the university each night? END
START what operator ran uni-link before bluestar? END
START what road does first use stops around to leave a terminal available for other buses? END
START which bus service passes west quay going in both directions? END
START what operator drops off and picks up passengers at west quay? END
START when did the tram system stop operating in southampton? END
START where do buses that loop around west quay stop? END
START who are the actors in international law? END
START what is an agreement entered into by actors in international law? END
START how are different forms of agreements treated under international law compared to treaties? END
START how would you compare the rules of a treaty and a covenant under international law? END
START what must a party to a treaty do to prevent being held liable under international law? END
START what is comparable in domestic law to a treaty in international law? END
START under what will a party to a treaty be held liable for failing to uphold their obligations? END
START what must be the attitude of a party towards assuming the legal obligations of the treaty? END
START what do we call the willingly-assumed burdens placed upon parties to both treaties and contracts? END
START how are the agreements in a treaty expressed? END
START how are states that enter into a treaty bound? END
START what is an official document which expresses an agreement between two states? END
START what is an objective outcome of a ceremonial occasion which acknowledges the defined relationships of its parties? END
START who is responsible for the legally-bound obligations of the parties to a treaty? END
START what is shared by most treaties since the late 19th century? END
START what is the beginning of a typical treaty called? END
START why are long sentences in a modern preamble formatted into multiple paragraphs? END
START each paragraph of a modern preamble typically begins with which part of speech? END
START in addition to describing the parties and their joint objectives, what else does a modern preamble typically summarize? END
START what term describes a common clause in a treaty stating that the representatives of the parties have communicated their full powers? END
START what are the official documents appointing a party's representative to act on their behalf? END
START in addition to their full names, what else is included in the preamble that identifies the parties to a treaty? END
START how must the full powers of a parties' representatives be found in order to enter into a treaty? END
START who else besides the parties themselves is typically identified in the preamble to a treaty? END
START what follows the preamble in a treaty? END
START what is contained in the numbered articles of a treaty? END
START what does each article heading usually encompass? END
START how might the articles in a long treaty be grouped? END
START the numbered articles of a treaty may be grouped by chapter heading in what kind of treaty? END
START what type of resolution to disputes is typically outlined in a treaty? END
START which section of a treaty typically contains information about the whereabouts of the final authentic copies of a treaty? END
START parties to a treaty might have disputes about what aspect of the articles of a treaty? END
START which copies of a treaty have their locations outlined in most modern treaties? END
START modern treaties typically outline the procedures for the peaceful resolution of what? END
START what is the formal name for the closing protocol of a treaty? END
START what typically follows the signatures in a treaty? END
START how is the date typically written in a treaty? END
START what is the nature of the different versions of a treaty executed in multiple languages? END
START a clause like "in witness whereof" or "in faith whereof" typically signals what in a treaty? END
START whose signatures appear at the very end of a treaty? END
START where might the text of a treaty be reprinted? END
START who, upon reprinting, will often append the dates on which the treaty was ratified and came into effect? END
START each party must have done what in order for the treaty to come into effect? END
START even if signed  and ratified on the same date, the treaty might have done what on different dates? END
START bilateral treaties are concluded between how many states or entities? END
START is it possible for a bilateral treaty to have more than two parties? END
START the bilateral treaties between switzerland and the european union followed the swiss rejection of what? END
START does the bilateral treaty between switzerland and the european union establish rights or obligations amongst the eu and its member states? END
START the treaty between switzerland and the european union is an example of what kind of treaty? END
START what is a treaty concluded among several countries? END
START between which parties does a multilateral treaty establish rights and obligations? END
START the treaty of locarno guarantees each signatory against what from another signatory? END
START what type of treaty is a mutual guarantee? END
START multilateral treaties are often entered into by countries that share the same what? END
START what are caveats to a state's acceptance of a treaty? END
START what are unilateral statements purporting to exclude or to modify the legal obligation and its effects on a state? END
START when must reservations be included in a treaty? END
START what are parties to a treaty forbidden to do after they have already joined a treaty? END
START a reserving party to a treaty may include a statement that attempts to do what to its legal obligations or their effects? END
START a more permissive rule regarding what emerged to encourage the largest number of states to join treaties? END
START reservations are generally permitted so long as they are not what? END
START how did international law originally respond to treaty reservations? END
START originally reservations were rejected under international law unless which parties of the treaty accepted them? END
START because they are generally accepted under international law, a treaty must forbid reservations in what manner to prevent their adoption? END
START when a state adds reservations to a treaty, other parties to the treaty can respond to those reservations in what ways? END
START who remains unaffected when a party's reservation is accepted by a second party? END
START what happens to the parts of the treaty affected by a rejected reservation as they concern the reserving and rejecting parties? END
START what legal obligations exist between two state parties if one objects and opposes the other's reservations? END
START if a state party objects and opposes another state's reservations it essentially refuses to acknowledge what? END
START how many ways are there to amend an existing treaty? END
START what must state parties to a treaty repeat to adopt a formal amendment to the treaty? END
START what amendment process is generally reserved for changes that rectify obvious errors in the text? END
START parties to an original treaty and an amended treaty are bound to what terms? END
START in addition to the often long and protracted nature of treaty renegotiation, what negative outcome might result from the process? END
START what is a treaty that supplements a previous treaty in international law? END
START a protocol may either amend a previous treaty or do what? END
START do parties to a treaty have an obligation to adopt a later protocol? END
START what do we sometimes call an agreement that supplements a treaty especially when few parties to the treaty support the protocol? END
START a protocol may add additional provisions to a treaty or else do what? END
START the kyoto protocol is associated with what treaty? END
START the united nations framework convention on climate change was supplemented by what protocol? END
START the united nations framework convention on climate change established a framework for the development of what? END
START while the united nations framework convention on climate change established a framework for developing greenhouse gas emission limits, the kyoto protocol contained what? END
START the agreement that contained specific provisions related to the united nations framework convention on climate change is an example of what agreement that supplements a treaty? END
START a treaty that puts all of its obligations in action simply by becoming a party to it is known as what? END
START what do non-self-executing treaties typically require from a party to enable it to fulfill its obligations? END
START what is "implementing legislation" that is required by a party to a treaty to enable it to fulfill its obligations under the treaty? END
START a treaty requiring local prosecution by a party for particular crimes is an example of which type of treaty? END
START signing a self-executing treaty automatically does what for a party? END
START what type of treaty cannot be acted on without the proper change in domestic law? END
START a state party may be in default of its obligations under a non-self-executing treaty if its legislature fails to do what? END
START what institution of a party to a treaty must act to fulfill the party's obligations under a non-self-executing treaty? END
START the often unclear division between a self-executing treaty and a non-self-executing treaty can lead to a treaty being what if disagreements exist within a party? END
START a treaty may be politicized due to disagreements within a party because the division between a self-executing treaty and a non-self-executing treaty can often be described as what? END
START what principle is often invoked by legal experts when interpreting the language of treaties? END
START the principle of maximum effectiveness interprets the language of treaties as having what effect to establish obligations between parties? END
START what states that treaties are to be interpreted "in good faith" according to the "ordinary meaning given to the terms of the treaty in their context and in light of its object and purpose?" END
START what property of treaties must often be interpreted when it's not clear? END
START besides unclear language what might also arise that necessitates the interpretation of the language of a treaty? END
START no one party to a treaty can do what to the other parties? END
START what may be implied of other parties fail to explicitly disavow a party's initially unilateral interpretation of a treaty? END
START consent for a party's unilateral interpretation of a treaty may be implied if that state has acted upon its view of the treat without what from another party? END
START consent by all parties to a treaty to a particular interpretation of the treaty has what legal effect? END
START the legal effect of adding another clause to a treaty that occurs when all parties to a treaty consent to a particular interpretation of the treaty is commonly known as what? END
START what are international tribunals and arbiters often called upon to resolve in regards to treaties? END
START what judicial bodies might be called upon to resolve disputes pertaining to the interpretation of treaties? END
START in addition to the final, signed treaty what else might arbiters review to establish the meaning of a treaty in context? END
START for what purpose might an international tribunal review the preparatory work from the negotiation and drafting of a treaty? END
START in addition to the preparatory work from the drafting and negotiation of a treaty, what might arbiters review when resolving a dispute over the interpretation of a treaty? END
START what are agreements between states within the united states called? END
START what are agreements between states and the federal government called within the united states? END
START in the united states, what are agreements between agencies of the federal government called? END
START nations can be careful about terming an agreement a treaty because it has the effect of recognizing that the other side is a what? END
START under what do all parties to a treaty recognize the provisions of the treaty are enforceable? END
START parties to a treaty may disagree over a desire to create an obligation under what? END
START discussions between what two countries have been influence by one party's desire to create an obligation under international law? END
START discussion between north korea and the united states have been influenced by one party's desire to create obligations under international law with respect to what two topics? END
START north korea and the united states have been characterized by a disagreement over one parties desire to create what with respect to security guarantees and nuclear proliferation? END
START what is the treaty of waitangi internationally considered to be? END
START what other terms might be used to refer to a treaty? END
START what common terminological problem can sometimes lead to confusion surrounding a treaty? END
START what's an example of a treaty that is considered internationally to be documents under domestic law? END
START convention, protocol, and agreement are examples of examples of different kinds of what that can create confusion about a treaty? END
START traditionally, what must a state do in order for an obligation to arise in international law? END
START what is the only barrier to withdrawal contained in many treaties? END
START are treaties permanently binding upon the signatory parties? END
START what treaty will terminate if the number of parties falls below 40 as a result of denunciations? END
START which article of the vienna convention on the law of treaties provides that there is a presumption that treaties cannot be unilaterally denounced? END
START what is an example of a treaty from which it is not possible to withdraw? END
START what state declared its intention to withdraw from the international covenant on civil and political rights? END
START who, acting as registrar, informed north korea that withdrawal was deliberately precluded by the original signatories of the international covenant on civil and political rights? END
START what two factors determine whether it is possible to withdraw from a treaty? END
START the terms and travaux preparatoire of the international covenant on civil and political rights were both factors in determining what aspect of the treaty as it relates to north korea's stated intentions? END
START what factor, in practice, allows a state to withdraw from any treaty at any time? END
START what really determines whether withdrawal from a treaty is permitted? END
START what might a state do in response to another state's withdrawal from a treaty? END
START although withdrawal from a treaty may not be possible in theory, when might it be possible anyway? END
START because of sovereignty when may a state withdrawal from a treaty? END
START what happens to a state's obligations under a treaty upon its withdrawal from the treaty? END
START what kind of treaty is terminated by the withdrawal of just one party? END
START what happens to a multilateral treaty's rights and obligations among the other parties when just one party withdraws? END
START after what action by a state are its obligations under a treaty considered terminated? END
START under what conditions could a single state's withdrawal result in the termination of a multilateral treaty? END
START what may be invoked as grounds for permanently terminating a treaty? END
START in addition to terminating the treaty itself, what actions by the other parties might result from one party materially violating or beaching its obligations? END
START in addition to suspending their obligations under a treaty to the violating party, what may result from a material breach of treaty obligations? END
START who may invoke a material breach committed by a party to a treaty to suspend their obligations to that party? END
START what temporary actions can parties of a treaty take in response to a material violation of a party's obligations? END
START what might a tribunal or an arbiter be asked to determine regarding a breach of a treaty? END
START using what to determine the seriousness of a breach can prevent a party from prematurely suspending its obligations due to another party's alleged material breach? END
START does a material breach necessarily suspend or terminate treaty relations? END
START what determines whether a breach automatically suspends or terminates treaty relations? END
START  a treaty breach does not necessarily affect treaty relations depending on how serious the other parties view the breach and what other factor? END
START some treaties contains provisions for what to happen if certain defined conditions are met? END
START what provision might a treaty include if it's meant to be only temporarily binding? END
START in addition to passing an expiration date, what might cause a treaty to self-terminate? END
START what happens to a treaty that was designed to terminate under certain conditions when those conditions are actually met? END
START what may we assume the parties to a treaty intended the treaty's obligations to be if the treaty included an expiration date? END
START what might result in a party to a treaty claiming a treaty should be terminated even absent an express provision for its termination? END
START a party cannot base its claim of a fundamental change in circumstances if the change was brought about by what? END
START the claim of a fundamental change in circumstances cannot be used to invalidate treaties that established or redrew what? END
START the radical transformation of what aspect of the obligations between the parties is a necessary condition for a claim of a fundamental change in circumstances to terminate a treaty? END
START in order to be considered a fundamental change, a change in circumstances must have been what at the time of the adoption of the treaty? END
START the islamic prophet muhammad carried out a siege against what tribe in february 624? END
START muhammad ordered his followers to attack the banu qaynuqa jews for allegedly breaking what treaty? END
START who's insistence led the prophet muhammad to expel the banu qaynuqa jews instead of kill them? END
START pinning the clothes of a muslim woman, which led to her being what, was the action that allegedly violated the constitution of medina? END
START what chained actions resulted from the alleged violation of the constitution of medina by the banu qaynuqa jews? END
START what angel, according to muslim tradition, ordered muhammad to order a siege on the banu qurayza? END
START who claims muhammad had a treaty with the banu qurayza that was torn apart? END
START how many members of the banu qurayza were beheaded after surrendering to muhammad and his followers according to tabari and ibn hisham? END
START according to sunni hadith which members of the banu qurayza were beheaded after surrendering to muhammad and his followers? END
START how many muslims were killed during the invasion of banu qurayza? END
START when are most of the problems created that might result in an otherwise valid treaty being rejected as a binding international agreement? END
START what treaties between japan and korea are examples of treaties that were declared null and void? END
START in what treaty were the serial japan-korea treaties of 1905, 1907, and 1910 confirmed as "already null and void?" END
START which two states signed a treaty that declared previous treaties between the two from 1905, 1907, and 1910 to be already void? END
START an otherwise valid and agreed upon treaty may be rejected as what for several reasons most of which involve problems created at the formation of a treaty? END
START a party's consent to a treaty is invalid if it had been given by an agent or body without power to do so under what? END
START for what does a strong presumption exist internationally that a head of state has acted within in entering into a treaty? END
START what is required to invalidate a party's consent due to a reluctance to inquire into the internal affairs and processes of other states? END
START a manifest violation is required to invalidate a party's consent to a treaty due to a reluctance internationally to inquire into what aspects of other states? END
START what might a party's consent to a treaty be considered if it has been given by an agent without the power under the state's domestic law to do so? END
START if a state's representative ignored restrictions he is subject to by his sovereign, what might that state's consent to a treaty be considered to be? END
START who might place restrictions on a representative during negotiation of a treaty? END
START what must be true of the ignored restrictions placed on a representative by his sovereign in order for a state's consent to a treaty to be considered invalid? END
START who must have been notified of the ignored restrictions placed by a sovereign on his representative prior to the signing of a treaty in order for a state's consent to be considered invalid?  END
START the preamble of what states that treaties are a source of international law? END
START which will prevail in a conflict between international and domestic law? END
START what are started to be a source of international law in the preamble in the law of treaties? END
START approval under what law will not make an act or lack thereof legal if condemned under international law? END
START an act or lack thereof cannot be made legal under what law even if made legal under internal law? END
START which articles of the vienna convention on the law of treaties set out the ways that treaties can be invalidated? END
START in addition to the circumstances by which a state party joined a treaty, why might a treaty be invalidated? END
START in addition to the content of the treaty itself, why might a treated by invalidated? END
START a treaty might be considered what if it's considered unenforceable and void under international law? END
START which processes simply alter the consent given by parties to a previously valid treaty rather than invalidating the consent completely? END
START what on behalf of a state cannot invalidate that state's consent to a treaty? END
START consent to a treaty will not be invalidated if what should have been evident? END
START what may be invalidated if there was an erroneous understanding of a fact or situation at the time of conclusion of a treaty? END
START an erroneous understanding of a fact or situation may only invalidate a state's consent to a treaty if what is also true about the erroneous understanding? END
START what, if it formed the "essential basis" of a state's consent to a treaty, may invalidate that consent? END
START what type of conduct of a party to a treaty can invalidate the consent of another party? END
START what type of action, either direct or indirect, of a state's representative by another type of party to a treaty can invalidate a state's consent? END
START coercion of a representative or a state itself will result in what happening to its consent to a treaty? END
START coercion of a state or its what through the threat or use of force, if used to obtain the consent of that state to a treaty, will invalidate that consent? END
START what must  be true of coercion through the threat or use of force of a party to treaty for it to invalidate the state's consent to a treaty? END
START what will a treaty be if it is in violation of a peremptory norm? END
START what type of norm is recognized as permitting no violations and so cannot be altered through treaty obligations? END
START what is true of acts such as genocide and piracy in regard to treaty law? END
START what distinguishes peremptory norms from other principles of customary law? END
START what is an example of a type of universally prohibited action that no state can legally assume an obligation to commit or permit through a treaty? END
START what is the judiciary organ of the united nations? END
START what document states that treaties must be registered with the united nations to be invoked before it or enforced in the international court of justice? END
START why does the united nations charter state that treaties must be registered with the united nations? END
START in which centuries did a proliferation of secret treaties occur that led the united nations charter to include an obligation to register treaties to be invoked before it? END
START what section of the united nations charter states that its members' obligation under the charter outweigh any competing obligations under other treaties? END
START treaties and their amendments must follow the official legal procedures of what body after their adoption? END
START which office of the united nations is in charge of applying its official legal procedures? END
START when must all treaties and their amendments follow the official legal procedures of the united nations? END
START in addition to signature and ratification, what legal procedure of the united nations must all treaties follow after their adoption? END
START what are three official legal procedures of the united nations that all treaties must follow after their adoption? END
START the united nations has been compared to what government in function and effectiveness? END
START in which aspects has the united nations been compared to the pre-constitutional united states federal government? END
START the comparison of the united nations to the pre-constitutional united states federal government gives us a comparison between what modern and historical legal topics of interest? END
START modern treaty law can be compared in function and effectiveness to the historical articles of confederation by comparing the pre-constitutional united states federal government with what modern institution? END
START what legal document formed the basis of the pre-constitutional federal government of the united states? END
START what part of the brazilian federal consitution states that the power to enter into treaties is vested in the president and that such treaties must be approved by congress? END
START in practice the brazilian president must get the prior approval of what body in order to negotiate and sign a treaty? END
START what brazilian institution has ruled that a treaty must be incorporated into domestic law by means of a presidential decree? END
START in order for a treaty to be valid in brazil, a presidential decree incorporating the treaty into domestic law must be published where in order to be valid? END
START in what office is the power to enter into treaties vested according to the brazilian federal constitution? END
START the brazilian federal supreme court has ruled that treaties enjoy what position relative to ordinary legislation? END
START in what year did the brazilian supreme court rule that treaties containing human rights provisions enjoy a status above ordinary legislation? END
START what amendment to the brazilian constitution states that human rights treaties approved by means of a special procedure by congress enjoy the same position as a constitutional amendment? END
START the hierarchical position of treaties relative to domestic legislation in brazil determines whether the latter can do what to the former and vice versa? END
START what is the portuguese term for ordinary laws? END
START what kind of clause does the united states constitution have that the brazilian constitution does not have with the same effects? END
START a supremacy clause in a federal constitution is relevant to the discussion on the relation between treaties and what other type of legislation? END
START what clause of the united states constitution is relevant to the discussion of the relation between treaties and u.s. legislation? END
START the brazilian constitution does not have a supremacy clause that would be of interest to the relation between state legislation and what other legal agreements? END
START treaties, executive agreements, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements are the same under international law but different with respect to what? END
START under us law, what primarily distinguishes treaties, executive agreements, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements? END
START what percentage of united states senators must give advice and consent in order for the us to enter a treaty? END
START what type of agreement may a us president enter by acting alone? END
START what type of agreement requires majority approval by both the house and the senate before or after a treaty is signed by the united states president? END
START in the united states, what is the ratio of executive agreements to treaties? END
START what is it about the approval process of executive agreements might lead a us president to prefer them over treaties? END
START the president of the united states might prefer the formal treaty process on matters that require congress to do what? END
START the president of the united states might prefer the formal treaty process for agreements that impose what type of legal obligations on the us? END
START the international deal between the us, other countries, and what controversial nation is not a treaty? END
START in what cases did the us supreme court rule that treaties do not have a privileged position over acts of congress? END
START the us supreme court ruled that treaties can be repealed or modified by what for the purposes of us law? END
START what supreme court case ruled that a treaty provision that conflicts with the us constitution is null and void under us law? END
START the us supreme court ruled that treaties can be repealed or modified for the purposes of us law just like what by any subsequent act of congress? END
START any treaty provision that conflicts with the us constitution is considered what under us law? END
START into what 3 lists are legislation subjects divided in india? END
START what type of legislative subjects can both the central legislative body and state legislatures make laws? END
START what is the central legislative body in india? END
START in order to implement international treaties, for what subjects can the parliament of india legislate to override the general division of subject lists? END
START what subjects can only be legislated by the central legislative body in india? END
START what formed an important part of european colonization? END
START with whom did europeans attempt to sign treaties in order to legitimize their sovereignty during colonization? END
START what terms in relation to europeans did most indigenous people enjoy under treaties? END
START what aspect of the treaties that indigenous people signed with europeans did the indigenous people typically not understand? END
START what did europeans try to legitimize all over the world by signing treaties with indigenous people? END
START in what two rare cases were local governments able to mitigate the impact of of european colonization through treaties? END
START what did ethiopians learn in order to use treaties to prevent a european power from overstepping their agreement? END
START both ethiopia and qing dynasty china learned the intricacies of european diplomatic customs to mitigate what through treaties? END
START in addition to preventing a power from overstepping their agreement, how was ethiopia able to mitigate the impact of european colonization? END
START ethiopia and qing dynasty china were both able to prevent european powers from doing what to their agreements? END
START what were native peoples able to maintain a minimum amount of through treaties? END
START what indigenous people of new zealand entered into a treaty entitling europeans to land ownership? END
START what doctrine was overturned by mabo v queensland establishing the concept of native title? END
START the concept of native title was established by what court case? END
START treaties between indigenous peoples and what other groups formed an important part of political discourse in the late 20th and early 21st century? END
START what legislative act provided that no indian nation shall be acknowledged as an independent nation with whom the united states may contract by treaty? END
START by what did the us federal government provide contractual relations with indian tribes following the indian appropriations act of march 3, 1871? END
START prior to what year did the united states regularly enter into treaties with native americans? END
START a rider to the indian appropriations act of 1871 provided that no indian nation shall be acknowledged as what? END
START a rider to the indian appropriations act of 1871 provided that the us government could not do what with an indian nation? END
START in what year did josip broz tito die? END
START during world war ii what resistance movement did he lead? END
START for what country is tito viewed as  unifying figure? END
START in the non-aligned movement, which egyptian leader did tito work with? END
START in the non-aligned movement, which indonesian leader did tito work with? END
START what position in the league of communists of yugoslavia was tito? END
START what position in yugoslavia's government did tito hold from 1944-63? END
START how many foreign decorations did he receive? END
START what foreign decorations did tito recieve? END
START during what years did tito lead the partisans? END
START what ethnicity was tito's mother? END
START what ethnicity was tito's father? END
START who captured him during world war i? END
START tito joined which unit in omsk? END
START what party in yugoslavia did he join? END
START when did the second yugoslavia start? END
START what group did tito found? END
START when did tito implement a self-management system that differentiated yugoslavia from other socialist coutnries? END
START when did yugoslavia disintegrate? END
START where was josip broz born? END
START in what year was broz born? END
START what ethnicity was broz's father? END
START what ethnicity was broz's mother? END
START what grade did he fail? END
START when was he conscripted into the army? END
START what position in the army did he become after office school? END
START what competition did he win a silver medal in? END
START for what crime was he arrested? END
START where was tito serioiusly wounded and captured by the russians at? END
START how long was broz in the hospital? END
START where was broz's work camp? END
START what position was he selected for at work camp? END
START where did broz flee to after a white counteroffensive? END
START where did broz marry belousova? END
START how many seats did the communists win in 1920 yugoslavia? END
START who was elected mayor of zagreb after the communists won 59 parliamentary seats? END
START where did broz move in 1921? END
START how long was he in prison at lepoglava for? END
START who became his ideological mentor in prison? END
START when was tito sent to vienna? END
START who did stalin have murdered in 1937? END
START where was the secretary-general of the cpy murdered? END
START who became secretary-general of the cpy after the prior one was murdered? END
START who is known as "comrade walter"? END
START when did german forces launch an invasion of yugoslavia? END
START which king fled the country in 1941? END
START what did tito use to get the people to unit in a battle against the occupation in 1941? END
START what position was tito appointed to in 1941 by the central committee? END
START in 1941, where did representatives of the government and military meet with german officials? END
START who succeeded in liberating territory despite conflicts? END
START who did the partisans have conflicts with? END
START which chetnik leader did tito hold talks with? END
START which group did tito order his forces to assist? END
START 2000 of what group fought directly for tito? END
START when did the partisans create the first proletarian brigade? END
START when did tito create the second proletarian brigade? END
START what position was tito named to for the national committee of liberation? END
START where was the 67-member "presidency" located? END
START how many members were in the "presidency" in jajce? END
START who diverted resources to the destruction of the partisans? END
START who was the opponent of the allies? END
START which group of people wanted to capture tito personally? END
START in 1944 where did tito manage to avoid the germans? END
START what type of assault was there in bosnia? END
START who was attacking the partisans in 1943? END
START from whom did allied leaders switch their support from to tito? END
START who was the soviet premier who recognized tito? END
START at what event was tito recognized by stalin? END
START when was the balkan air force formed? END
START who was tito considered loyal to? END
START who was tito considered second to in the eastern bloc? END
START with whom did tito have an uneasy alliance form the start? END
START who considered tito too independent? END
START who was considered loyal to moscow? END
START in 1944 who called on all yuboslavs to come together under tito's leadership? END
START with whom did tito sign an agreement on september 28 1944? END
START who were allowed "temporary entry" into yugoslav territory? END
START who assisted in operations in ortheastern areas of yugoslavia? END
START who executed a massive offensive and succeeded in breaking through german lines? END
START who offered amnesty to the retreatig column?  END
START who dispatched a telegram to the supreme headquarters prohibiting the execution of prisoners of war? END
START in the final days of wwii in yugoslavia, who were responsible for atrocities? END
START what did tito offer to the retreating column? END
START where were possible suspects transferred to? END
START where was the provisional government of the democratic federal yugoslavia assembled? END
START when was the provisional government of the democratic federal yugoslavia assembled? END
START who where assembled the provisional government of the democratic federal yugoslavia? END
START who was seen as the liberator of yugoslavia? END
START who was formally deposed by the yugoslav constitutent assembly on november 29, 1945? END
START what was formed as the new secret police? END
START who was charged with brining to trial large numbers of nazi collaborators? END
START who were controversial among those brought to trial for nazi collaboration? END
START who was found guilty of collaboration, high treason? END
START how was draza executed? END
START who was the president of the bishops' conference of yugoslavia? END
START how long after his release from imprisonment did tito attend the bishops' conference of yugoslavia? END
START what topic was a sticking point at the bishops' conference? END
START under whose leadership did the bishops' conference release a letter condemning alleged partisan war crimes? END
START what was stepinac's sentence shortened to? END
START who had a leading role in liberating yugoslavia? END
START who was tito formally an ally of after wwii? END
START who set up a spy ring in the yugoslav party? END
START as early as what year was a spy ring set up in the yugoslav party? END
START from what domination did yugoslavia liberate itself? END
START what italian territory did yugoslavia acquire after the war? END
START what territory did yugoslavia leadership want to incorporate? END
START at least how many american aircraft were shot down between 1945 and 1948? END
START who openly supported the communist side in the greek civil war? END
START in what year did tito model his economic development plan independently from moscow? END
START tito did not attend the second meeting of this. END
START in what year did the crisis nearly escalate into armed conflict? END
START what was the name of those purged in other socialist states in eastern europe? END
START who made several assasination attempts on tito? END
START whose methods did tito use to fight yugoslav stalinists? END
START who used inhumane methods against oponents through the ubda? END
START until what year did the repression of the ubda last? END
START the work of the ubda was due to tension between yugoslavia and what country? END
START what is another name for the ubda? END
START which country gave yugoslavia aid when tito became estranged from the ussr? END
START what agency distributed aid to yugoslavia? END
START what plan was also administered by the eca? END
START which leader feared that accepting american aid meant aligning with the west? END
START in what year did stalin die? END
START what name refers to the period of instability during the rift between tito and the ussr? END
START what was tito's form of communism called? END
START who encouraged purges against titoites? END
START throughout what area did purges of titoites occur? END
START who became the first leader to defy stalin's leadership? END
START in what year did the national assembly support a crucial bill about "self management"? END
START who wrote the bill with tito about "self management"? END
START tito succeeded who as the president of yugoslavia? END
START whose invitation did tito reject after stalin's death? END
START when did tito visit the ussr to signal that his country's animosity was decreasing? END
START how many high-level communists were purged in the slansky trial? END
START how many communists were executed at the slansky trial? END
START what country had pressure put on it by stalin to conduct purges? END
START who espoused the "national path to socialism"? END
START who put pressure on checkoslovakia to conduct purges? END
START under whose leadership did yugoslavia become a founding member of the non-aligned movement? END
START in what year did tito co-found the non-aligned movement? END
START nasser led which country in 1961? END
START which indonesian leader co-founded the non-aligned movement with tito? END
START who became the first secretary general of the non-aligned movement? END
START when did tito first visit emperor haile selassie? END
START when did tito last visit emperor selassie? END
START what country does emperor selassie rule? END
START in what country does tito have a street named in his honor? END
START who is the emperor of ethiopia in 1954? END
START during what period did tito pursue a policy of neutrality? END
START with whom did tito's belief in self-determination cause a rift? END
START what type of countries did tito develop relations with? END
START who had a strong belief in self-determination and was opposed to stalin because of this? END
START tito had cordial relations with the united states and what other western area? END
START nasser was a leader of what country? END
START nehru was a leader of what country? END
START gandhi was a leader of what country? END
START eisenhower was a president of what country? END
START nixon was a president of what country? END
START when did tito first visit india? END
START when did tito leave india? END
START after his return from where did tito remove many restrictions on churches in yugoslavia? END
START where did tito visit from 1954 to 1955? END
START after returning from india, tito removed restrictions on what type of institutions? END
START what country did u nu lead? END
START who was the leader of burma in 1955? END
START who succeeded u nu in burma? END
START ne win led what country? END
START who led burma in 1959? END
START what was the only communist country allowed to have an embassy in stroessner's paraguay? END
START yugoslavia was the only communist country to have an embassy where? END
START pinochet ruled what country? END
START who did pinochet overthrow? END
START what country did kjell eugenio laugerud garcia lead? END
START when did yugoslavia change its name to the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia? END
START two government ministers resigned over tito's visit to what region? END
START eisenhower met tito where in 1960? END
START who said that neutralism did not imply passivity but mean "not taking sides"? END
START when did tito meet eisenhower at the u.n.? END
START what anti-communist archbisoph died in 1960? END
START stepinac's death gave new freedom to what branch of the roman catholic church? END
START what agency had its staff reduced to 5000 after lenninist orthodoxy was abandoned? END
START what acronym describes the state security administration? END
START what ideology did tito abandon as part of his new socialism? END
START who was the first communist country to open its borders to all foreign visitors? END
START in what year did the first communist country open its borders to all foreign visitors? END
START when did tito start promoting a peaceful resolution to the arab-israeli conflict? END
START whose plan called for arabs to recognize the state of israel in exchange for territories israel gained? END
START in what year did tito start working in arab israeli peace processes? END
START what country did dubcek lead? END
START how much time did tito give dubcek to fly to prague? END
START where did tito send dubcek in 1968? END
START who removed generals gosnjak and hamovic? END
START what army was unprepared for the invasion of czechoslovakia? END
START in what year was tito reelected president of yugoslavia for the sixth time? END
START who elected tito president in 1971? END
START how many sweeping constitutional amendments did tito introduce in 1971? END
START who was chosen as a premier in 1971 in yugoslavia? END
START what branch of the yugoslav government would retain control over foreign affairs, defense and internal security? END
START what person's calls for unity is credited by western communists of holding together yugoslavia? END
START what was referred to as the "mass movement"? END
START when was the new yugoslavian constitution passed? END
START who was named president for life of yugoslavia in 1974? END
START how long did the person named "president for life" serve? END
START what flag did protesters of tito often burn? END
START what did protesters scream during tito's visit to the united nations in the late 1970's? END
START which authorities fielded complaints from tito about protesters? END
START what american state did tito visit when he saw the u.n.? END
START security for tito's visit was unusually high to keep tito away from what individuals? END
START where did tito travel in 1977 to reconcile with chinese leadership? END
START in what year did tito travel to china to reconcile with chinese leadership? END
START what chinese leader traveled to yugoslavia in 1979? END
START after the constitutional changes made in what year did tito reduce his role in the day-to-day running of the state. END
START in what year did tito travel to the u.s. to visit washington d.c., amist protest by anti-communist croat, serb and albanian groups? END
START during what year did tito become increasingly ill? END
START what was built near morovic for tito to use in the event of his recovery? END
START where was tito admitted on 7 january and again on 11 january 1980 with circulatory problems? END
START when did tito die? END
START tito's cause of death was what? END
START in what city was tito interred? END
START what museum was formerly called "museum 25 may"? END
START what name was given to tito's mausoleum? END
START who made the original print of los caprichos? END
START after whose death did speculation begin concerning whether his successors could continue to hold yugoslavia together? END
START what name was changed to titograd? END
START when did uziece revert to its original name? END
START where is the birthplace of antun augustincic? END
START what country is stejpan mesic president of? END
START where is the largest tito monument located? END
START where does the annual "brotherhood and unity" relay race end? END
START where is the final resting place of tito? END
START where is tito's birthplace in croatia? END
START how often is the "brotherhood and unity" relay race done? END
START on what day in may does the "brotherhood and unity" relay race end? END
START on what year did a slovenian court find a 2009 naming of a street after tito to be unconstitutional? END
START where was the street named after tito that was found unconstitutional located? END
START several public area of slovenia bear which person's name. END
START under which ruler do historians argue human rights were suppressed in yugoslavia? END
START tito square is located in what slovenian city? END
START how tall is the statue in tito square? END
START where is a 10-meter statue of tito located? END
START where is velenje located? END
START what is the ethnic origin of the danube swabian people? END
START where is the location of the danube swabian population? END
START there were mass executions of danube swabian populations in what city? END
START which group of people occupied yugoslavia at the end of world war ii? END
START at the end of what world war did the germans occupy yugoslavia? END
START where in russia was tito brought as a prisoner of war in 1918? END
START when was tito brought to russia as a prisoner of war? END
START how old was pelagija belousava when tito met her? END
START how many children did pelagija bore for tito? END
START who was the only surviving child of tito's? END
START where is the hotel lux located in russia? END
START when did tito stay at the hotel lux? END
START what is the name of the austrian comrade tito met in moscow in 1936? END
START when did tito marry lucia bauer? END
START tito's marriage to what person was later erased in records? END
START who did tito marry in 1940? END
START when did haas give birth to tito's son? END
START what was the name of tito's son born to him and haas? END
START with whom did tito have a parallel life during his marriage to haas? END
START when did davorjanka die of tuberculosis? END
START who was tito's best known wife? END
START how old was jovanka broz when she married tito? END
START in what year did tito and jovanka marry? END
START who was the best man at the wedding of jovanka and tito? END
START who went down in history as yugoslavia's first lady? END
START which of tito's grandchildren is a theatre director? END
START which of tito's grandchildren is a cardiologist and writer? END
START where does svetlana broz live? END
START where does leksandra broz live? END
START where does edvard broz live? END
START what is the name of the official residence in belgrade? END
START what islands were the site of the state summer residence from 1949 on? END
START who designed the pavilion at the state summer residence? END
START in what city was the official residence for tito? END
START film stars including elizabeth taylor visited what island residence of tito? END
START the grounds at what location were the site of "diplomatic hunts"? END
START what was the name of the yacht the yugoslav president had at his disposal? END
START what company bought the presidential boeing 727 after tito's death? END
START where was the galeb docked after tito's death? END
START what is the english translation of galeb? END
START with what accent did tito speak german according to a biographer? END
START how much english did tito speak? END
START other than serbo-croatian, german, russian, czech, slovenian and english, french and italian, what language does tito speak? END
START what did tito declare himself to be religiously as an adult? END
START what type of religious educaton did tito attend as a child? END
START what did a priest do to tito as a child when he had difficulty removing the priest's vestments? END
START after being yelled at by a priest as a child, what place of worship would tito refuse to enter again? END
START what is the name of the largest town or city renamed in tito's name? END
START what is titograd now called? END
START what is podgorica the capital city of? END
START whose name was added to the name for every town or city with historical signiciance from the world war ii period? END
START what was the name of tito's personal doctor? END
START who wrote a book about tito questioning his true origin? END
START what serbian journalist includes several alternate identities of tito? END
START in what year waas vladan dinic born? END
START dinic gives several alternate identities of what person? END
START in what year did the study in cryptologic spectrum come out? END
START what organization created the cryptologic spectrum? END
START what other slavic languages did the cryptologic spectrum conclude tito spoke? END
START the cryptologic spectrum also notes whose impressions of tito's russian origins? END
START experts from what country disproved the nsa's report? END
START what was the distinct local dialect tito spoke? END
START croatian experts disproved the report from which group concerning tito's ethnic origins? END
START tito's acute accent is present only in what type of dialects? END
START starting in what year was the communist party outlawed in yugoslavia? END
START what party was outlawed in yugoslavia in 1920? END
START "rudi", "walter" and "tito" are names that what person assumed? END
START on what date in 1920 was the communist party outlawed in yugoslavia? END
START what was tito's former name? END
START how many awards and decorations did josip broz tito recieve? END
START of all of the awards tito received, how many were from yugoslavia itself? END
START which government awards the legion of honour and the national order of merit? END
START which government awards the order of the bath? END
START which government awards the order of the chrysanthemum? END
START in what year did the tito-stalin split occur? END
START in what year was tito inaugurated as president? END
START in what year was tito's funeral? END
START who was the founder of the non-aligned movement? END
START who was inauguarated as president of yugoslavia in 1953? END
START tito was awarded the star of what country? END
START tito was awarded the decoration of honour for services to the republic of what country? END
START tito was awarded the queen of where? END
START tito was awarded with the order of the white rose of what country? END
START tito was awarded with the royal order of what country? END
START what is the name of the marshall islands in its native language? END
START near what major line of latitutde are the marshall islands located? END
START as of 2011, how many people live in the marshall islands? END
START what country borders the marshall islands on the western side? END
START which island is home to the capital of the marshall islands? END
START what is the official name of the marshall islands? END
START in what ocean are the marshall islands located? END
START how many people lived in the marshall islands in 2011? END
START how many coral atolls comprise the marshall islands? END
START on what island is the capital of the marshall islands? END
START who were the original settlers of the area that became the marshall islands? END
START how were original settlers of the area able to move between islands? END
START in what year did a european explorer first see the marshall islands? END
START which explorer first saw the marshall islands? END
START for whom are the marshall islands named? END
START during what span were the marshall islands first settled? END
START in what decade did europeans first visit the marshall islands? END
START in what month and year did a european first arrive at the marshall islands? END
START after whom are the marshall islands named? END
START in what year did the marshall islands gain official recognition by the major european nations? END
START in 1884, which country purchased the marshall islands? END
START what group was the marshall islands a part of following world war i? END
START who took over the marshall islands in the second world war? END
START in what year did the marshall islands achieve total sovereignty? END
START what european nation owned the marshall islands in 1874? END
START who bought the marshall islands from the spanish in 1884? END
START who occupied the marshall islands during the first world war? END
START in what year was the south pacific mandate created? END
START in what year did the marshall islands become a sovereign nation? END
START what term describes the type of government of the marshall islands? END
START with which country are the marshall islands closely related? END
START what is the main focus of the marshall islands' economy? END
START what does the marshall islands receive from the united states? END
START what is the currency of the marshall islands? END
START along with the usps, what united states agency operates in the marshall islands? END
START what is the main component of the marshall islands economy? END
START what is the official currency of the marshall islands? END
START what is the government structure of the marshall islands? END
START assistance from what country is an important part of the marshall islands economy? END
START what is the ethnicity of most people living in the marshall islands? END
START what family of languages does marshallese belong to? END
START what does ucccmi stand for? END
START aside from ucccmi, what is the other major religious denomination of the marshall islands? END
START from what non-asian nation do some people living in the marshall islands come? END
START of what ancestry are most marshall islands citizens? END
START along with marshallese, what is the official language of the marshall islands? END
START of what language group is the marshallese language? END
START what fraction of marshall islands residents are religious? END
START along with the united church of christ and the ucccmi, what is a main religion of the marshall islands? END
START who arrived at the marshall islands in the second millennium bc? END
START what did not exist at the time during which micronesians arrived at the marshall islands? END
START what vessel did early settlers of the marshall islands use to travel? END
START what is the name of the item used as a primitive type of map for navigation by early settlers of the marshall islands? END
START who first settled the marshall islands? END
START when were the marshal islands first settled? END
START in what vehicles did the marshall islanders travel by water? END
START what navigation aids did the marshall islanders use? END
START which european first saw the marshall islands? END
START what was alonso de salazar's nationality? END
START in what year did salazar view the marshall islands? END
START what was the name of alonso de salazar's ship? END
START what did alonso de salazar call the island that he saw? END
START who was the first person from europe to observe the marshall islands? END
START what was the nationality of the first european to observe the marshall islands? END
START in what year did the first european view the marshall islands? END
START what was the name of alonso de salazar's ship? END
START which of the marshall islands did salazar most likely see? END
START whose ship was named florida? END
START from where did cerón attempt to cross the pacific ocean? END
START what did cerón name the islands from which people threw rocks at his vessel? END
START what was the name given to the islands reached by cerón in october of 1529? END
START what are two possible modern names for the islands called los jardines by cerón? END
START who was in charge of the ship named florida? END
START where did cerón's expedition begin? END
START what name did cerón give to the island that might have been ujelang? END
START what group of islands might have been bikini atoll or enewetak? END
START how long did cerón spend on los jardines? END
START what was the name given to the island reached by miguel lopez de legazpi on january 9th of 1530? END
START what is thought to be the modern name of the island legazpi called los barbudos? END
START on what date did legazpi's expedition see the island it named placeres? END
START what name did the expedition give to the island it saw on january 12th? END
START what was the location of corrales? END
START who led the expedition involving the ship san pedro? END
START what did miguel lópez de legazpi call the island discovered on january 9, 1530? END
START what did the spanish call the island that might have been ailuk? END
START on what day did the spanish see the island they named corrales? END
START what island may have been spotted by the spanish on january 15? END
START who arrived at the marshall islands in 1788? END
START what do natives of the marshall islands call their country? END
START which russian was involved in naming the marshall islands? END
START which french citizen was involved in naming the marshall islands? END
START at what island did the globe arrive in 1824? END
START who notably accompanied john charles marshall to the marshall islands? END
START in what year did marshall and gilbert go to the islands? END
START what is the traditional name of the marshall islands? END
START what is the english translation of the traditional name of the marshall islands? END
START on what island did mutinous american whalers land in 1824? END
START who was the leader of the group attacked by the people of the marshall islands in 1834? END
START what vessel was attacked in 1845? END
START what ships were attacked in 1852? END
START in what year did missionaries arrive to live in the marshall islands? END
START on what island did the missionaries live with citizens of the marshall islands? END
START who was the captain of the crew killed in 1834? END
START in what year was the ship naiad attacked by natives? END
START what type of ship was the naiad? END
START out of what city was the sea nymph sailing? END
START where did missionaries live as of 1857? END
START what nation had a claim on the marshall islands as of 1874? END
START what nation formed a protectorate over the marshall islands? END
START what nation asserted their rights over the gilbert and ellice islands? END
START on what ship did german ambassadors arrive in the marshall islands? END
START what title did the germans give to kabua? END
START on what day was a final treaty signed between the marshall islands chiefs and the germans? END
START what status did the marshall islands have in germany? END
START what nation had control of the carolines? END
START what notable resource was available in the marshall islands? END
START in what year did germany buy the marshalls from spain? END
START what company ran the marshall islands in the late 19th century? END
START when did the jaluit gesellschaft's administration of the islands end? END
START what document was signed in 1899? END
START along with the marianas and palau, what islands were acquired from spain in 1899? END
START what official administered germany's micronesian possessions? END
START what catholic group was father erdland a part of? END
START in what year did father erdland leave the marshall islands? END
START in what year was father linckens' last visit to the marshalls? END
START when was father linckens' book published? END
START in what year did father linckens first travel to the marshalls? END
START what notable historical event occurred in japan in 1868? END
START in what region did the japanese attempt to build up their power after 1868? END
START along with fishermen, what sort of japanese people visited the marshalls? END
START on what date did the japanese land on enewetak? END
START what military alliance did the japanese join in the first world war? END
START what did the japanese occupy on september 30, 1914? END
START on what date was the treaty of versailles signed? END
START when was the south pacific mandate for japan approved? END
START about how many japanese emigrated to the marshalls when it was a japanese colony? END
START what was the primary nature of germany's interest in the marshall islands? END
START what was the primary nature of japan's interest in the marshall islands? END
START along with the mariana islands, on what island were there more japanese settlers than indigenous inhabitants? END
START what was the traditional social organization of the marshall islanders? END
START what system of social organization was used in japan? END
START on what date did the japanese leave the league of nations? END
START what language were marshall islanders taught in schools while under japanese colonial administration? END
START along with protestants, missionaries from what denomination were allowed to operate in the marshalls? END
START what japanese fleet was based in the marshall islands? END
START on what atoll was the 6th fleet forces service based? END
START what was the mission of the 6th fleet forces service? END
START during what conflict did the us occupy the marshall islands? END
START what was the name of the campaign in which the us occupied the marshalls? END
START in what year did the united states occupy the marshalls? END
START how many months did it take for the us to occupy kwajalein atoll, majuro and enewetak? END
START along with mili, maloelap and jaluit, what parts of the marshall islands were not occupied in the first three months of the american campaign? END
START in what year did american air attacks on the marshalls begin? END
START how large was the japanese garrison on mili? END
START what fraction of the japanese garrison on mili died due to hunger? END
START along with injuries, what suffering did the american bombing cause to the marshall islanders? END
START during what conflict did the us occupy the marshalls? END
START what resolution of the un security council gave the united states control over the marshalls? END
START in what year was the trust territory of the pacific islands created? END
START what is the name of the broader region that the marshall islands are a part of? END
START in what year did the cold war begin? END
START how many nuclear weapons were tested in the marshall islands between 1946 and 1958? END
START what was the name of the united states' largest atmospheric nuclear test? END
START what was the yield of the castle bravo bombs in kilotons? END
START which of the marshall islands was destroyed in a united states hydrogen bomb test? END
START what was the name of the us study of nuclear fallout on bikini atoll? END
START when did the united states begin to pay compensation to marshall islanders for nuclear weapon exposure? END
START in millions of dollars, how much money did the united states pay out in nuclear testing compensation to marshall island residents between 1956 and 1998? END
START what document granted sovereignty to the marshall islands? END
START in what year did the marshall islands receive sovereignty? END
START where in the marshall islands does the united states have a missile testing range? END
START when did un trusteeship over the marshall islands end? END
START what security council resolution ended un trusteeship over the marshalls? END
START what is the capital of the marshall islands? END
START on what day in 2008 did the marshall island government declare a state of emergency? END
START in meters, how high were the 2008 floods? END
START what caused the 2008 floods? END
START in what year did waves overcome the walls of the capital city? END
START what part of the marshall islands experienced drought in 2013? END
START how many people were stricken by drought in 2013? END
START in the drought stricken areas, how many litres of water did residents consume each day? END
START along with pink eye and influenza, what other health issue was caused by the drought? END
START what official declared a state of emergency in the marshall islands in response to the drought? END
START as of 2013, who was the marshall islands minister of foreign affairs? END
START in what month and year did the 44th pacific islands forum summit take place? END
START what document did foreign minister de brum present at the 44th pacific islands forum summit? END
START what environmental issue did the majuro declaration for climate leadership address? END
START who encouraged de brum to address climate issues? END
START what is the governing system of the marshall islands? END
START how old must a citizen of the marshall islands be to vote? END
START how often are elections held in the marshall islands? END
START what is the name of the marshall islands legislature? END
START when was the most recent constitution of the marshall islands adopted? END
START what is the name of the upper house of the marshall islands parliament? END
START who comprises the upper house of the marshall islands parliament? END
START how many ministers are in the presidential cabinet? END
START along with the united democratic party, what party currently rules the marshall islands? END
START how many electoral districts exist in the marshall islands? END
START what document governs the defense of the marshall islands? END
START what nation is responsible for the defense of the marshall islands? END
START along with economic aid, what assistance does the compact of free association provide? END
START when did the un security council recommend that the marshall islands be allowed to join the un? END
START when did the un general assembly approve the marshall islands joining the un? END
START what nation does the marshall islands vote similarly to in the general assembly? END
START what security council resolution recommended that the marshall islands be allowed to join the un? END
START on what date did the iranian navy capture a marshall islands ship? END
START what was the name of the marshall islands ship seized by iran? END
START who chartered the captured marshall islands ship? END
START how many crew members were on the mv maersk tigris? END
START near what body of water was the maersk tigris seized? END
START what nation lies to the west of the marshall islands? END
START what united states territory does the marshall islands claim? END
START how many square kilometers of ocean do the marshall islands cover? END
START how many square kilometers of land do the marshall islands cover? END
START how many atolls are part of the marshall islands? END
START how large is the marshall islands shark sanctuary in square miles? END
START in what month and year did the marshall islands declare the largest shark sanctuary in the world? END
START in how many square miles of ocean around the world are sharks protected? END
START what is forbidden in shark sanctuaries? END
START what island do the marshall islands claim? END
START who controls wake island? END
START in what year did the us take control of wake island? END
START what does the marshall islands government call wake island? END
START when does the wet season in the marshalls begin? END
START in what month does the marshall islands wet season end? END
START typhoons sometimes begin as what whether event in the marshalls? END
START along with the marianas, where do typhoons that begin in the marshalls sometimes terminate? END
START what feature makes the marshalls susceptible to harm due to rising sea levels? END
START who said that the marshalls are the most endangered nation in the world? END
START why are the marshall islands the most endangered nation on earth? END
START how many millimeters of rain do the northern atolls of the marshall islands receive? END
START what is the main source of fresh water for the marshall islands? END
START what is the marshall islands often threatened with? END
START how much more rain do the southern atolls get compared to the northern? END
START what body did the marshall islands join in 2007? END
START what is the significance of the marshall islands joining the international labour organization? END
START what may see benefits from the marshalls joining the international labour organization? END
START how much money did the marshall islands receive yearly from the united states until 2013? END
START how much money will the united states give the marshal islands every year until 2023? END
START what document defines how much money is transferred from the united states to the marshall islands? END
START what will be established in 2023? END
START on what atoll is a missile test facility based? END
START who is the missile test facility named after? END
START what is the official name of the missile test facility? END
START what organization operates the missile test site? END
START along with coconuts, tomatoes and melons, what crops are notably grown in the marshalls? END
START where does most agricultural production take place? END
START in what year was a tuna loining plant constructed? END
START how many people worked at the tuna loining plant? END
START in what year did the tuna loining plant shut down? END
START before it shut down, what was the tuna loining plant attempting to produce? END
START what was the amount of the loan to the tuna loining plant that the marshall islands government was responsible for? END
START who did witon barry work for? END
START where was the tobolar copra plant located? END
START what is copra? END
START how many coconuts are required to produce 1 liter of coconut oil? END
START how many kilowatts of power are produced by the solar plant built in 2009? END
START about how many people lived in the marshall islands in 1862? END
START how many people lived in the marshall islands in 1960? END
START as of july 2011, how many people resided on the marshall islands? END
START on what atoll is ebeye located? END
START what town hosts the largest number of marshall islanders outside the marshall islands? END
START what is the ethnicity of most marshall islands residents? END
START from what continent did the marshallese originate? END
START what fraction of the population lives on majuro or ebeye? END
START what recent asian ancestry do some marshall island residents have? END
START from when did the marshallese migrate from the asian continent? END
START what was the previous name of the united church of christ? END
START what percentage of marshall islanders belong to the assemblies of god? END
START what percentage of marshall islands residents are mormons? END
START what percentage of marshall islanders worship at the assembly of god part two? END
START when did the first mosque in majuro open? END
START what body operates the state schools in the marshall islands? END
START along with the university of the south pacific, what tertiary education institution exists in the marshall islands? END
START where is the marshall islands international airport located? END
START what airfield operates in kwajalein? END
START what class was slackta in poland? END
START under whos' reign did the szlachta gain institutional privileges? END
START which two kingdoms shared tentative personal unions? END
START when did the polish-lithuanian commonwealth thrive? END
START what is one leader from the polish-lithuanian common weaith.  END
START what is another name for folwarks? END
START were the szlachta obscure and mysterious or obvious and proud. END
START around what time was the decline of the polish common wealth. END
START what did the commonwealth increase before it declined. END
START when, during the partitions of poland, did the szlachta lose legal and social status.  END
START what was one name of a power that the szlachta was dependent on. END
START when was the march constitution implemented. END
START what did the mach constitution do? END
START in what republic did the szlachta lose their legal privileges.  END
START what was the notion for all polish nobles? END
START what ethnic saying is this traditional from? END
START did it matter how much money a person had to polish nobles? END
START what german word does the term szlachta come from? END
START what does slahta mean? END
START what is the polish name for knight? END
START german name for knight? END
START where does the word her derive from in german? END
START what did the poles of the 17th century think the term szlachta came from? END
START what does schlachtan mean in german? END
START what german word is also suggestive deriving from  szlachta? END
START what does schlacht mean? END
START the polish believed szlachta derived from the name of who? END
START what were some powerful polish nobles referred too? END
START what is the singular version of magnates? END
START what is another name referring polish nobles? END
START what is the plural version of mozny? END
START what other country  besides poland were polish nobles most likely found? END
START what term designated the noble class of polish lithuania common wealth? END
START what are two adjectives that best describe the szlachta? END
START who is referred to as nobilitas? END
START what is the legal status of nobilitas? END
START what simple word does the term szlachta translate too? END
START what were the non noble land owners referred too as? END
START why were the non nobles and nobles referred as the same term? END
START what does szlachta mainly denote? END
START why did the mistranslation of szlachta come about? END
START who was inferior of the other, european countries or szlachta? END
START what ultimately determined nobility? END
START what were some impoverished szlachta forced to do? END
START did the tenants of the wealthier genrty lose their nobility? END
START what was one noble thing the poor szlachta did? END
START have the origins of the szlachta been clear or obscure? END
START what did they use to refer to the origin of szlactha? END
START what was one historic theory of the szlachta origins? END
START what was another regional leader involved in the origins of szlachta? END
START what was important and unique about regional leaders? END
START what was the name of the distinct element from a nnon-slavic warrior class? END
START in this theory, what was the upper class? END
START when did they find the polish kingdom? END
START what caste system does the hindu society have? END
START who shares the same caste system as hindu? END
START what is the earliest surviving use of the clan name of the polish knights? END
START whn did the knightly genealogiae associate with heraldic devices? END
START the polish anem and cry ritualized what? END
START in 1244 the power to command and army had been used to do what? END
START around what time were the knights and szlachta very similiar? END
START what was a personal obligation of the szlachtas? END
START what contributed to the long standing traditions? END
START what was governing the polish tribes? END
START what was the wiec? END
START when power needed to be consolidated what was chosen to govern? END
START what was the governing position limited to? END
START what ruled over the tribes? END
START what did the clans people all have in common? END
START what gave them a sense of solidarity?  END
START what were stronghold called? END
START what was the territory occupied by a single tribe? END
START who established an elite knightly retinue? END
START how long was miesko i of poland reigning? END
START along with uniting the lekhitic tribes what did poland succeed in? END
START who also established this retinue as well? END
START what was a polish nobleman referred to as before the 15th century? END
START what is roughly the same to the english version of rycerz? END
START what people did the rycerstwo class represent? END
START what positive did the szlachta class receive? END
START what did ducal law implement for the rycerstwo/nobility? END
START when was the period of division? END
START what stemmed the period of division? END
START what tribe was the prior social structure from? END
START when did the piast dynasty appear? END
START polish nation ruled by what dynasty? END
START what did some mozni regard themselves with? END
START what did the magnates do to the piasts realms? END
START who constantly sought to undermine princely authority? END
START what were nobles named in german language? END
START what were the nobles named in lithuanian? END
START what were the higher nobility named? END
START the kunigai were subordinate to who? END
START what word is used to denominate nobility? END
START what other group had equal status with the lithuanian nobility? END
START what did the polish szlachta become more of? END
START what did some lithuanian nobility claim that caused a paradox? END
START what is the new term used for the lithuanian nobility? END
START who forbid the use of the word slekta? END
START who was first invloved in the polonization? END
START who imposed various sanction on the people? END
START what was an example of imposing sanctions on lithuanians? END
START what did the russian officials announce as a sanction? END
START what language was banned from printing on books? END
START what group did the nobility of ruthenia gravitate its loyalty towards? END
START what type of people were the grand duchy of lithuania? END
START what eventually became a part of the grand duchy of lithuania? END
START what was common for families of ruthenian and lithuanian? END
START what other rights were equal to orthodox nobles? END
START what social pressure was pressing down the people? END
START what greatly eased the cultural pressure towards catholicism.  END
START what year was the union of brest END
START before 1641 the privileged ennoblement was granted by what? END
START what right was reversed by sijm? END
START what would be given to the enobled one? END
START after 1641 who was given the privilege of ennoblement? END
START what clan was given the privileged of enoblement? END
START around what time was the total legal number of ennoblement at 800? END
START what is average for ennoblements between 14th and min 18th century. END
START what type of sources give information regarding total number of enablements? END
START what was the toalt number of legal ennoblements thoughout history of poland and polish commonwealth END
START when did theys tart recording the ennoblements? END
START when were most ennoblements implemented? END
START who reformed the grand duchy army? END
START vytautas created what for compromising professional warriors? END
START what names did the newly formed noble families take after? END
START what is an example of noble family name? END
START who gave the coat of arms to others? END
START who defined the significant legislative changes? END
START what is one exemption was part of the significant changes in legislation? END
START what did the 1425 requirement entail?  END
START what were the statutes issued between 1496 and 1611 prescribed from? END
START what was a rarest rare to become a noble? END
START many nobles were actually surprisingly acting in what way? END
START who denounced many nobles? END
START when did the denouncing of many nobles take place? END
START what did the nobles lose by being denounced? END
START the polish nobility had many positives compared to others including what? END
START what was the nobilities commonwealth? END
START who elected the king? END
START why did the state affairs partly grow up on? END
START the selection of nobility oh the polish kingdom was selected my whom? END
START when did kings grant privileges to the nobles? END
START what specified the kings privileges? END
START what was also in exchange during he election of the throne? END
START what did nobles get in from the king during election? END
START when did buda king casimir issue the heir to his nephew? END
START who issied the first country wide privilege for the nobility?  END
START who is the nephew of buda king casimer iii the great? END
START what was promised by buda king casimer? END
START who would pay for expenses during travels or the royal courts? END
START when did king louis of hungary approve the privilege of koszyce? END
START why did king louis approve the privilege? END
START what did king louis of hungary do for the nobles? END
START what happened to the kings right to raise taxes? END
START what could the king do to nobles injured or taken during war? END
START who establishd the inviolability of nobles property? END
START when did the established right for inviolability of nobles property? END
START what happened to the right to mint coinage? END
START where did the confirmation of privileges of jedlnia take place? END
START what was the privileges of jedlnia based mostly off of? END
START what was simliar to the english magna cartas habeas corpus? END
START what does a court need to imprison a member of the nobility?  END
START what was the nobles guarantee that his throne would be inherited by his sons?  END
START when were the nieszawa statutes granted? END
START what did the nieszawa statues clarify? END
START the nobility was protected from what? END
START whos power was curbed? END
START why did the szlachta demand privileges? END
START when did the first free election take place? END
START what was different about later elections then first free election? END
START who only voted in the election of 1492? END
START who won the election of 1492? END
START what dynasty was in reign during the election of 1492? END
START who granted the privilege of piotrkow? END
START privilege of piotrkow was granted when? END
START what happened to the nobilities feudal power? END
START who was allowed to leave the village? END
START what were the townsfolk prohibited from doing? END
START when did the mielnik polish–lithuanian union reform? END
START where was the mielnik polish–lithuanian union refromed? END
START where was the  coronation sejm founded? END
START what did the actof of milno do? END
START what right was given to the nobles? END
START when did the act of "nihil novi nisi commune consensu" happen? END
START who granted the act act of "nihil novi nisi commune consensu"? END
START what did the act of "nihil novi nisi commune consensu" do END
START what happened to the notabilities political position? END
START what has happened to the legislative power? END
START what was the movement called also known as execution of laws? END
START what were the intentions of executionists movement? END
START what did the sejm in piotrków forced the magnates to do? END
START when did jan zamoyski. die? END
START what happened when jan zamoyski died? END
START who was the last king of the jagiellonian dynasty? END
START what stopped after the death of sigismund ii augustus? END
START after 1573 who could become a polish-lithuanian monarch? END
START how many documents should the new elected king sign? END
START what was contained in the henrican articles and the pacta conventa? END
START the crown tribunal was created when? END
START who created the crown tribunal? END
START what was the crown tribunal supposed to do? END
START where was a lot of power placed in result of the crown tribunal? END
START who joined the crown tribunal eventually? END
START what did powerful leaders of szlachta sought? END
START what were most szlachtas class? END
START what is another name for magnates? END
START a proper magnates own what? END
START who is properly in the major office in the commonwealth? END
START historians estimate how much of magnates make up szlachta? END
START out of one million szlachtas how many were magnates?  END
START out of one million how many people could be viewed with significant impact politically? END
START magnates recieved gifts often from who? END
START what significantly increased the magnates wealth? END
START what terms were these gifts given? END
START what did the magnates do eventually with the gifts? END
START the right to create ordynacja's was important to what group? END
START when did the right to create ordynacja's happen? END
START what did the right to create ordynacja's entail? END
START what did the powerful families do with the kings estates? END
START what was an important power basis for the magnates? END
START when did the sovereignty of szlachta end? END
START who ended the sovereignty of szlachta? END
START until 1918 whos legal status was dependent on the russian empiresovereignty of szlachta? END
START who redused 64,000 szlachta to commoner status? END
START in 1858 who was szlachta out of all the russian nobles? END
START when and who abolished the serfdom? END
START who could the ex serfs sell their land to? END
START how much land was held by the peasants?  END
START what was different between the polish nobility and others? END
START what happened to nobility at expense of the king? END
START what did the political system eventually evolve into? END
START what did the ruler strive for? END
START how much of the total population was polish common wealth? END
START in 1791 how much did the szalchta comprimise the total population? END
START polish szlachta usually incorporated who? END
START how many nobilities made up other european countries besides poland lithuania? END
START what dissolved the priveleges of russian empire, kingdom of prussia or habsburg monarchy? END
START what class was polands nobility? END
START who could rise into polish ennoblement? END
START how much influence did each szlachcic have over politics? END
START who could nullify all the proceedings of a given sejm? END
START what is is called to nullify proceedings? END
START children inherited polish nobility from whom? END
START what does an individual do to attain ennoblement? END
START who could naturalize a polish noble? END
START what is another name for ennoblement?  END
START what is another name for polish noble? END
START in theory how were all polish noblemen viewed? END
START was was unique about the dignities? END
START if one is high in dignities they are also high in what other form? END
START nobles held land form whom? END
START who could compose the polish landed gentry? END
START whats is another name for polish landed gentry? END
START did all hold title of nobility? END
START what was very important to the polish nobility? END
START what kind of system was the coats of arms? END
START how did the polish nobility system compare to other heraldy countries? END
START where did polish knightshood originate? END
START what is the most notable difference between countries? END
START coat of arms would be shared with who else? END
START how would unrelated families be attributed to the clan? END
START did number of cat of arms in the late middle ages fall? END
START what was rarely used? END
START where did the  coat of arms proper and a lozenge granted to women not develoupe? END
START where did men get their coat of arms usually? END
START what was the prevalent mentality and ideology called?  END
START where did the name sarmatism originate? END
START how did sarmatism effect szlachta culture? END
START what was also pushed for by result of sarmatism? END
START what languages were freely mixed? END
START what two religions were most common? END
START what was the minority group in the polish nobility? END
START what was rewarding for switching judiasm to christianity? END
START what happened after the roman catholic church regained power in poland? END
START what was the smallest amount of religion in the noble? END
START during which period was vigil a poet? END
START how many major works of literature is virgil known for? END
START which major latin epic is virgil known for? END
START what is virgil's full name? END
START which collection of minor poems are sometimes attributed to virgil? END
START what work did virgil write first? END
START what date did virgil finish the aeneid? END
START when did the augustan period start? END
START how many poems by virgil still exist today? END
START what is virgil's most famous work? END
START how many chapters are in the aeneid? END
START what is virgil's least famous work? END
START when did virgil publish his last poem? END
START what is virgil's longest book? END
START what was the first language the aeneid was translated into? END
START which of virgil's works is considered the national epic of ancient rome? END
START which works did virgil model the aeneid after? END
START who is the main character in the aeneid? END
START what was aeneas trying to accomplish in the aeneid? END
START who appears as dante's guide through hell and purgatory in the divine comedy? END
START where was dante born? END
START what is dante's goal in the divine comedy? END
START what era did dante write the divine comedy in? END
START what is the name of homer's most famous epic? END
START where was virgil born? END
START which of homer's works is longer, the iliad or odyssey? END
START where did virgil write his works? END
START what was dante's nationality? END
START what is the iliad about? END
START who was virgil's editor? END
START whose two commentaries were incorporated into virgil's biography by suetonius? END
START what do the comentaries rely on for some of their information about virgil? END
START is virgil's biographical tradition easily researched or is it problematic? END
START who edited donatus' commentaries? END
START how many people did virgil write biographies about? END
START what was varius most famous for? END
START who wrote a biography of servius? END
START who wrote the most about virgil? END
START in which village does tradition believe virgil was born? END
START in which cities did virgil attend schools? END
START what other career did virgil consider? END
START which type of family do scholars generally believe virgil belonged to? END
START does macrobius believe virgil's father came from a distinguished or humble background? END
START where was virgil's father born? END
START what kind of family did macrobius have? END
START what city did virgil live the longest in? END
START where was macrobius born? END
START what career did virgil's father have? END
START which three studies did virgil abandon for philosophy? END
START how was virgil regarded socially by his schoolmates? END
START what was virgil's nickname? END
START how did virgil earn his nickname "parthenias" or "maiden"? END
START which short narrative poem was attributed to virgil as early as the 1st century ad? END
START what did cinna study? END
START what did his friends think catullus was like? END
START what problem did servius have? END
START how many stanzas are in the poem the culex? END
START where did pollio live? END
START which hellenistic poet was known for bucolic hexameter poetry? END
START who tried to pay off veterans with land, some of which possibly belonged to virgil? END
START virgil's loss of his famiyl farm and the attempt to regain his property though poetry was the inferred motive for which work? END
START to whom was eclogue 4 addressed to? END
START which eclogues discusses homosexual love? END
START what language was virgil's work written in? END
START when did theocritus publish his last work? END
START what theme did virgil write about the most often? END
START where did octavian live? END
START how many books of poetry did cornelius gallus write? END
START who helped finish the aeneid? END
START when where the eclogues likely published? END
START what were octavian' s agent d'affaires called? END
START which leading literary figure often mentioned virgin in his poetry? END
START who invited virgil to become part of the circle of maecenas? END
START which roman figure of the time was the most prolific writer? END
START what was octavian's favorite hobby? END
START what work was virgil the most proud of? END
START how many poems did horace write? END
START which long didactic hexameter poem did virgil work on for several years? END
START to whom was georgics dedicated to? END
START the theme of georgics is instruction in the methods of what? END
START which of virgil's poet friends committed suicide in 26 bc? END
START who was gallus disgraced by? END
START who discovered how to raise crops? END
START how many poems did hesiod write? END
START what did the poet gallus write about most? END
START what was maecenas' profession? END
START what kind of poems did hesiod write? END
START octavian defeated antony and cleopatra at which battle? END
START when did octavian return from the battle of actium? END
START who took turns with virgil to read the georgics to octavian? END
START when were the georgics published? END
START who wrote the georgics? END
START where were the georgics written? END
START what did most of virgil's writing compose of? END
START who funded the writing of the georgics? END
START which of virgil's works is widely considered his finest? END
START who commissioned the aeneid according to propertius? END
START how many books are included in the aeneid? END
START which of homer's works did the first six books of the aeneid model after? END
START which of homer's works did the last six books of the aeneid connect to? END
START how old was virgil when he died? END
START which poet published the most work? END
START who commissioned the iliad? END
START which of homer's works was longer, the iliad or the odyssey? END
START who is aeneas' enemy throughout the aeneid? END
START which queen committed suicide in book 4 of the aeneid? END
START in which book does aeneas' father die? END
START who reveals rome's destiny to aeneas? END
START who guides aeneas through the underworld? END
START who is jupiter's enemy in the aeneid? END
START where did aeneas' father die? END
START how many days did aeneas travel through the underworld? END
START how did aeneas' wife die? END
START what did anchises say rome's destiny was? END
START to whom is aeneas betrothed? END
START which king does aeneas ally with in book 8 of the aeneid? END
START who had lavinia already been promised to? END
START who is roused to war by the fury allecto and amata lavinia's mother? END
START what is the muse's name? END
START how old was pallas when he died? END
START how did camilla die? END
START how many years did the war last? END
START who promised lavinia to turnus? END
START when did augustus' victory at actium against mark antony and ceopatra vii occur? END
START who is the protagonist of the aeneid? END
START who is mercilessly slaughtered by aeneas? END
START who is the founder of rome which some scholars see strong associations with aeneas? END
START when was the aeneid published? END
START where did aeneas defeat turnus? END
START where did augustus live? END
START how did augustus fight at actium? END
START what part of the aeneid is the longest? END
START which book supposedly caused augustus' sister to faint? END
START what was the title of jean-baptiste wicar's artwork inspired by the aeneid? END
START who did virgil recite books 2, 4, and 6 of the aeneid to? END
START how many paintings did jean-baptiste wicar base on virgil's life? END
START did critics call the painting "virgil reading the aeneid" a great success or a failure? END
START how many poems did augustus commission from virgil? END
START what was the name of a scholar that doubted claims that augustus' sister fainted when virgil recited the aeneid? END
START what book of the aeneid is the longest? END
START according to tradition, where did virgil travel in 19 bc to revise the aeneid? END
START where did virgil die? END
START what date did virgil die? END
START who were virgil's literary executors? END
START what wish of virgil's did lucius varius rufus and plotius tucca disregard? END
START where did augustus die? END
START what date was the aeneid published? END
START what did augustus die from? END
START where was the aeneid first published? END
START exactly how many unfinished lines are in the aeneid? END
START who was one of virgil's most ardent admirers who referenced virgil in almost every line of his epic? END
START .what was the title of silius italicus' epic in which virgil was referenced in almost every line? END
START who bought virgil's tomb? END
START which of virgil's works was later widely interpreted to have predicted the birth of jesus christ? END
START which of virgil's works was the least famous? END
START who was the first poet to reference virgil in his work? END
START what era did statius live in? END
START who did silius italicus buy virgil's tomb from? END
START when was the 12 book epic thebaid written? END
START who cautioned "we ought not to relate their lying fables, lest we fall under sentence of eternal death"? END
START literate men acknowledged virgil as a master poet despite what empire collapsing? END
START did literate men acknowledge virgil as a master or novice poet? END
START what was gregory of tours profession? END
START where did gregory of tours live? END
START who related to the fables in virgil's work? END
START what language did gregory of tours write in? END
START in which of dante's works was virgil a guide through hell and purgatory? END
START who was the author of the divine comedy? END
START who was dante's guide through purgatory and hell in the divine comedy? END
START how many books did dante write? END
START who was dante's favorite author? END
START what was dante's longest book? END
START which poet was more famous, lucan or statius? END
START which of virgil's works was said by some to have predicted jesus' birth? END
START which religion did some consider virgil to have heralded in? END
START during which time period did virgil's reputation inspire legends associating him with magic and prophecy? END
START what did virgil write about the most? END
START who was the first to predict jesus's birth? END
START what religion did virgil follow? END
START when did virgil predict jesus would be born? END
START where did the tradition start which regarded virgil as a great magician? END
START how long did legends of virgil's magical powers remain popular? END
START what is the modern welsh word for phramacist? END
START where did virgil's name become a generic term for magic-worker? END
START when did virgil's reputation as a great magician begin? END
START where did the tradition of seeing virgil as a great magician last the longest? END
START how long did it take for the legends of virgil's magic powers to spread through europe? END
START where did virgil write his poetry? END
START what part of the world did virgil write the most about? END
START when were virgil's works the most popular? END
START during which time period did the legend of virgil in his basket arise? END
START what is the name of the beautiful woman who virgil enamoured? END
START which story did virgil being left halfway in basket parallel? END
START which artist made a woodcut and later an engraving of virgil and his basket? END
START when did lucas van leyden live? END
START what was phyllis known as? END
START who was one of the writers who wrote about virgil in his basket? END
START what form of art did the most artists use to depict virgil in his basket? END
START when did phyllis ride aristotle? END
START during which time period did virgil's name become associated with miraclous powers? END
START in which district is "virgil's tomb" located? END
START what is the entrance of the ancient roman tunnel where "virgil's tomb" is located also called? END
START where did virgil die? END
START where did pilgrims pass through on the way to virgil's tomb? END
START where did most of the pilgrims come from? END
START when were virgil's books the most widely read? END
START besides virgilius, which other spelling is permitted in modern usage? END
START during which time period was vergilius spelled virgilius? END
START in what century did some german-trained classicists in the us suggest modifying the common usage to vergil? END
START which style guide recommends using vergilius to avoid confusion with virgilius maro grammaticus? END
START why was virgil called "the swan of mantua"? END
START who attributed magical powers to virgil in the middle ages? END
START when was the oxford guide to style written? END
START what language was the oxford guide to style originally written in? END
START what country was the oxford guide to style written in? END
