START how much a  myanmar's boundaries are encompassed by beachfront lands? END
START how many people dwell in  myanmar ? END
START what is the land mass of  myanmar ? END
START is the capital city the holder of the largest amount of the population in  myanmar ? END
START what is the name of the capital city of myanmar? END
START what were the names of some of the early cultures located in myanmar? END
START when did the dominant religion of myanmar become something outside of the mainstream ?  END
START what caused the downfall of the downfall of the the original kingdom in myanmar? END
START whose rule  was myanmar under when it was one of the most massive kingdoms in southeast asia ? END
START when did was myanmar ruled by the taungoo dynasty ? END
START what major conflict is myanmar known for? END
START what portion of the government was eventually separated from government participation?  END
START what type of government is now established in myanmar? END
START are previous leaders a hendrence to the current government? END
START has the country been able to overcome the problems of government with the previous regime? END
START where did the name burma originate from ? END
START what is the considered to be the name in slang terms for the people of myanmar? END
START how is the slang term for the people of burma articulated correctly ? END
START when did the term for the people of burma become a common place word in english? END
START by which name is the country called by most english speaking countries? END
START how is burma officially identified in the united states  END
START what is the country called in sessions of the united nations? END
START what does the current president of the united states call the country in official settings? END
START what extinct species of hominid that lived throughout most of the pleistocene geological period is believed to have dwelled in myanmar? END
START when was the extinct species believed to have lived in myanmar? END
START what is the name of the civilization that is believed to be one of the oldest.  END
START did any other ancient cultures also leave behind evidence of existence in myanmar? END
START what form was the evidence of ancient cultures discovered in ? END
START by what name is the era in the 3rd millennium around 1500 bc known? END
START what events of significance to human development occurred during the bronze age ? END
START what event evolving animals are the myanmar also accredited with being the first to accomplish? END
START when did the age of iron begin? END
START what events punctuate the beginning of the iron age? END
START what period was the first known city states established in myanmar? END
START from what people have were the first records known to be existent derived from?  END
START were any of the early civilizations influenced by each other and if so by what how did it occur? END
START what myanmar import from other countries that has been of major importance? END
START how long did it take for myanmar to recover from the collapse of it's first kingdom ? END
START did the mongol invasions of burma leave any lasting signs? END
START who was involved merger of the smaller states into the two largest factions of myanmar ? END
START what is the name of the kingdom that became dominant along the coastline of myanmar?  END
START was there more than one racial class in the organized societies of the states of myanmar? END
START during what age did the culture of myanmar grow? END
START who increased the spread of religious reforms in myanmar? END
START who is the monarch that has some of the most impressive built in their honor in the myanmar END
START before attempting to obtain political unification, what title did taungoo,hold ?  END
START who was the ruling monarchy when taungoo, was vassal? END
START who was the ruler of the largest kingdom in southeast asia ? END
START in what year did the dynasty of bayinnaung fully collapse ? END
START have any other countries ever established a foot hole in burma? END
START how were the portuguese expelled from myanmar? END
START did the country have lasting monarchs? END
START did the original chieftains maintain power political power? END
START in what year was one of the original myanmar kingdoms restored? END
START what was the event called that caused  ayutthaya  to reclaim lost territories ? END
START in what year did  ayutthaya capture lan na  ? END
START what country was burma at war with with until 1855 ? END
START who managed to eventually control the territory of arakan  END
START what language eventually came to power in the irrawaddy valley ? END
START what was the literacy rate for the burmese people during the big period of artistic growth? END
START did changes move along at a uniform pace for the burmese people? END
START what country was burma a colony of ? END
START what are the kings of the konbaung monarchy famed for in their rule? END
START have the burmese people ever shown any reservations about the ruling government bodies? END
START what were some of problems experienced with the colonialism of burma by the british? END
START how long was u wisara on a strike were he refused subsistence ? END
START was u wisara able to survive  the protest? END
START why was u wisara involved in a resistance movement of such extremes ? END
START was burma effected by the world wars? END
START did the british protect burma as its colony during wwii? END
START where groups from burma an advantage to the allies during wwii? END
START how many soldiers were lost by the japanese in burma during wwii ? END
START when did the temporary japanese rule end in burma? END
START who negotiated the agreement that burma would be free from forgien rule ? END
START what is the name of the agreement that guarantee burma's freedom from foreign rule ? END
START what leaders were present during the negotiations made for freedom of the burmese people? END
START what position did aung san hold in the burmese government? END
START when did and how did aung san pass away ? END
START what are the 1988 demonstrations in burma called? END
START who lead the government coup in 1988 ? END
START why was marshal law declared in burma in 1989? END
START what was the official name of burma changed to by the state law and order restoration council (slorc) END
START have elections been held in burma since the military coup in 1988 ? END
START what was the cause of the insurrection in the summer of 2007 ? END
START what was the name of the insurgency lead by buddhist monks? END
START did the insurgency lead to any economic changes in burma ? END
START how did the world respond to the reported acts of military violence during the burmese revolution of 2007? END
START what natural disaster caused detrimental effects to the irrawaddy section of burma in may of 2008 ?   END
START what is the main crop of the delta of the irrawaddy section of burma? END
START how many people were reported missing or deceased due to the natural disaster of 2007 ? END
START how much was the financial cost of the damages of the 2007 natural disaster in burma ? END
START did the government of myanmar welcome the international efforts of assistance? END
START in 2012 what was the the disturbance with the government running smoothly ? burma?  END
START were any religious groups involved in the scrimmages ?  END
START were any terrorist groups involved in the burmese conflicts ?  END
START does al-qaeda believe that muslims in burma are in danger? END
START did muslims in burma give a repose to statements made by al-qaeda?  END
START what country was burma involved with in 2015 END
START were there any refuges that resulted from the burmese conflict in 2015? END
START what was the government of china accused of during the kokang offensive ? END
START is china an affect on the government in burma ? END
START to what benefit of china has its interest in the burmese government brought about ? END
START where the elections of 2010 conducted fairly in burma? END
START were the results of the 2010 elections accepted by the united nations? END
START what is the name that burma held before 2010?  END
START why was the referendum in 2008 ? END
START is burma now a democratic nation? END
START does the military still have a government presence in burma ? END
START what type of government does burma operate under ? END
START does the military presence interfere with the day to day running of the government ? END
START in what direction is the government of burma ultimately attempting to go? END
START what type of economy is burma attempting to reach? END
START where was  aung san suu kyi confined during his imprisonment in burma ? END
START what happened to the political prisoner being held in burma ? END
START are groups who represent workers allowed to express their opinions in protest in burma? END
START have the changes in burmese law been of benefit to the country in international views ?  END
START who was the united states secretary of state who visited myanmar in 2014? END
START how long was the interval between the visits from the united states secretary of state officials ? END
START what political party does aung san suu kyi belong to ? END
START does the political party of aung san suu ky hold any positions among the ruling faction ? END
START are international monitors used in the elections of burma ? END
START who raised concerns of fraud in the elections held in the burma 2012 elections ? END
START who was expelled from myanmar before the elections of 2012 and what position did they hold ? END
START did all of the political prisoners obtain freedom due to the election in burma of 2012 ?  END
START what countries surround the border that is opposite the southwest border of burma? END
START what sea is an integral part of the burma landscape ? END
START how many miles of uninterrupted coastline does burma encompass? END
START what is the name of the bay along the southwest coast of burma ? END
START what region lays along the north border of burma and is famed for the presence of monks ? END
START where does the majority of the burmese country fall on the globe ? END
START how much rain is received in the region where burma is located ? END
START what is the expected rainfall in the zone considered to be dry in burma ? END
START what is the average temperature of the coldest  part of burma and where is it located ? END
START how warm does it get at the height of summer along the in the delta and coastal regions of burma? END
START what industry is supported by animal labor in burma ? END
START what animals where domesticated in burma for industry use ? END
START what is note worthy about the bird population of burma ? END
START what is an important protein source  in the burmese diet? END
START are large jungle cats part of the animal population of burma ?  END
START what was the name of the winning unit in the 2010 elections in burma ? END
START were the elections held in an unbiased manner burma in 2010 ?  END
START what were some of the opinions foreign advisers stated about the burma 2010 elections ? END
START what was the burmese official decision concerning the legitimacy of national league for democracy in 2010 ? END
START how have international relations developed due to the recent political changes in burma ?  END
START what did the united states do in response to the reform changes of the 2010 burma elections ?  END
START what type of activity has the european union engaged in in response to the reforms made in burma ? END
START how did the united states treat myanmar prior to the changes made in burmese government ?  END
START how are international businesses discouraged from operating in burma? END
START what was the result for internationals companies attempting to conduct business in burma ?  END
START who called for the sanctions in burma to be given reprieve ? END
START what did aung san suu kyi become a part of in burma ? END
START how do asian countries feel about the european attitude towards burma ? END
START what is a popular business for international asian countries in burma ? END
START what two countries does burma have superior relationships with ? END
START what is the benefit to the two countries involved in the  india look east policy ? END
START why did india stop supporting the military in myanmar in 2008 ? END
START did the military sanctions imposed by india affect the business workings of it's relations in burma ? END
START who helped to improve the relations between india and burma? END
START what city in burma was visited by the envoy from india  END
START who is the first official burmese delegate to visit the white house following the 2010 elections in burma ? END
START when was the most prior visit from a burmese representative to the  united states prior to 2010 ?  END
START was the visit from the burmese delegate welcome in the united states in 2010? END
START did the visit to the united states result in the release of political prisoners in burma ?  END
START what agreements were made in the visit to the united states by the burmese in the 21 century ? END
START what country has provided burma with the most military aid ? END
START how long has burma participated in the group asean ? END
START what year was myanmar the host for the asean conference? END
START what event caused tension between burma and bangladesh in 2008 ? END
START what is the name of the military in burma ? END
START how large is the military of burma ?  END
START which traditional branches of the military does burma have? END
START what ranking does burma hold for the number of troops currently serving on active military duty ? END
START from where does burma receive most of its military artillery ? END
START what did the united adopt in reference to burma annually until 2005 ? END
START what occurred in the united nations general convening in 2006 ? END
START what did china and russia both do in 2008 ? END
START what other countries were in disagreement with the united nations decision on burma ? END
START what is the general view of burma ? END
START who is samantha power? END
START what did ms powers write concerning burma ? END
START what are the names of some of the  human right organizations that have been involved in burmese relations.  END
START in 2011 what did the group freedom house say concerning the burma military? END
START how many prisoners are still held in burma on political crimes? END
START how are children used in the conflicts in burma? END
START how are children obtained for use as solders in burma ?  END
START how many child solders were released from the burmese military in 2012 ? END
START what section of the burmese population is routinely discriminated against ? END
START when was the citizenship laws placed into effect in burma ? END
START how does one become a full citizen in burma ? END
START what races are considered for full citizenship in burma? END
START what happens if one is not able to prove ancestral claim on full citizenship ? END
START when did the rohingya lose citizenship rights in burma? END
START how is the decision made on who gets full citizenship rights in burma? END
START what races are considered to be the of the the national races in burma ?  END
START how can one prove their race in burma ? END
START how many of the  rohingya people have new changes in citizenship caused to become refugees ?  END
START what is believed to be one of the potential religious instigators for the stiff in burma against a certain race ? END
START who occupied burma during the second world war ? END
START what system of militaristic management exists in burma? END
START what may have caused negative feeling to still linger among the different races of the burmese people ? END
START who did the british choose to back in burma during wwii ? END
START has the violence in burma decreased over the years as the country has tried made democratic strides ? END
START are the separate religious factions in burma able to peacefully coexist ? END
START what news company  discovered visual evidence of the disdain exhibited by civil employees and civilians in burma ? END
START who recorded the visual evidence on the disdainful incident? END
START who was the videotape used as evidence against in burma ? END
START what was believed to be one of the burma reasons for the unrest in 2012 ? END
START how many are believed to have been uprooted by this unrest ? END
START who is the president of the brouk's uk division? END
START how many people where missing after the 2012 burma civil unrest ? END
START how did the burmese government respond to the unrest in 2012 ? END
START what happened in rakhine in the summer of 2012 that had severe implications on the running of the location? END
START what have the military and law enforcement been denounced for in the matter of  summer of 2012 ? END
START how have the friar organizations contributed to the struggle in burma? END
START have there been any changes to restrictions placed on the communications networks in burma ? END
START if communications restrictions have changed how so? END
START what is the name of the newspaper that was banished from burma? END
START what is required of commentators before publishing or airing content ? END
START what did demonstrators wear during the media rally? END
START what is the name of the individuals who gave relevant information on the recent events in burma ? END
START have there been any advances in the human rights situation in myanmar? END
START what is the current rating of for burma from the  freedom in the world report and what caused the current standing ? END
START what was the previous rating for burma? END
START what caused myanmar to receive a rating of 6? END
START what did the government bring together ? END
START once the decision was made to bring the group together who was it comprised of ? END
START has the joining brought about any changes in the region ? END
START who extended the offer to the activists ? END
START who addressed the united nations on myanmar's behalf in the fall 2011 ? END
START has the government of myanmar made life any easier for it's inhabitants ? END
START does the government allow access to any desired  media channels for residents ? END
START are there any groups who are able to effectively operate in burma ? END
START why are groups hesitant to work with government officials ? END
START what official was the first to visit the grounds of great britain from burma? END
START who did the official from myanmar meet with ? END
START what was the outcome of the meeting ? END
START where did the official make his announcement of the meetings outcome ? END
START what would the official like to see happen between the two countries ? END
START in terms of finance, when being ruled by the english, where did burma stand ? END
START what was burma's greatest export during that time of english rule ? END
START what did myanmar do that made it know to be one of the originals in a particular finance producing endeavor ? END
START what wood product was produced primarily in myanmar during british rule ? END
START what notable quality made burma stand out from other south east asian countries ? END
START how did world war two affect burmese business and economy ? END
START how was the burma framework affected by wwii ? END
START what lead to the architectural changes in myanmar ? END
START who was credited with changes that occurred to the interior due to the war's effects ? END
START when was myanmar given sovereignty to rule it's own nation ? END
START what is the major farming production crop in burma?  END
START what percentage of  the countries's farm-able land is used for the major farming production crop in burma?  END
START what category does the major farming production crop in burma fall into ?  END
START how is production in the category tallied ? END
START how many novel types of this crop did burma develop as of 1997 ? END
START what is the difficulty with expanding the gem business in burma ? END
START why is burma experiencing this problem with the gems industry  ? END
START who gave information on the gem industries in burma ? END
START what did the group advised based on the information's results ? END
START who receives the majority of financial benefits from the gem mining ?  END
START name two of the metropolitan areas that are enjoyed most frequently by tourist in myanmar  ? END
START what are two of the top spiritual destination that myanmar offers ? END
START does myanmar offer any destinations  that might be good for outside enthusiasts ? END
START are there any edifice points of interest that may be of note to visitors of burma? END
START can visitors travel unrestricted through the country ? END
START how are most visitors ushered into the city of myanmar ? END
START is myanmar convenient to other countries in south east asia ?  END
START are there any cruise travel destinations for myanmar ? END
START how long have bus tours been available to tourist of myanmar ? END
START how far are the people from taiwan ,but not actually citizens of taiwan, allowed to venture into the myanmar territory ? END
START can one travel by plane from any country in myanmar ? END
START is there anyway to decrease travel time in getting to myanmar ? END
START has the travel industry considered making changes to fight plans for myanmar ? END
START what airlines travel to myanmar that currently has development plans towards expanding ?  END
START what occurred in the winter of 2014 of significance for myanmar ? END
START what is the name of the business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in myanmar ? END
START w is set to to be the major stock holder of the business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in myanmar ? END
START did other countries actively participate in business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in myanmar ? END
START what day did the business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in myanmar open its doors to customers? END
START how many are estimated people live in burma officially? END
START who may have been left out of the 2014 census in burma ? END
START how many people in burma are currently using a work visa for thailand? END
START how many of the burmese  people are predicted to work in thailand without authorization  END
START what percentage of emigrant workers in thailand that are from myanmar ? END
START what is the largest percentage of  the burmese populace ? END
START what is the smallest percentage of the burmese populace ? END
START what is the preferential term for those in burma that are not a part of the racial majority ? END
START what does the term burmanisation make people feel ? END
START what percentage of the population is of the  rakhine descendant line ? END
START what percentage of people in burma are related by linguistically lines to the khmer.  END
START which community previously held a persuasive authority on the burmese population? END
START when did a mass migration of the community that  previously held a persuasive authority on the burmese population start? END
START where did the majority of these people end up after burma ? END
START what are the four categories for the most prolific dialects used in burma ? END
START what are the primary languages of europe that are used in burma ? END
START how many different types of dictionaries could you potentially need to cover all the languages spoken in myanmar  END
START are the languages of myanmar widely used by other nations  ? END
START what is the preferred lingo for the tai–kadai language? END
START what is the matriarchal brogue of burma that became the countries' standard vernacular ? END
START which two vernaculars hold relation to the official language? END
START how is the recognized official language of burma displayed ?  END
START on what is the visual display of the language a subset of  ?  END
START from when are the  first impressions of the visually displayed language ? END
START does burma have more than one religion ? END
START are public displays allowed for the celebration of religion in myanmar ? END
START are all welcomed to practice faith openly in burma  END
START can anyone in burma join the military forces in burma ? END
START what are the best routes for career achievement in burma ? END
START what part of the populace does not  identify with conformists religious  majority? END
START are these percentages an accurate estimate of nonconformists religious  groups ? END
START how many dwelling are dedicated to the worship of the faith jehovah's witnesses ? END
START how many dialects are the publications distributed by the jehovah witness available in ? END
START what problem presented itself to the jewish locale in rangoon ? END
START who runs the school system in myanmar ? END
START what country is burma to credit for its academic system ? END
START why is this country so influential to the burma academics ? END
START are there any alternatives to the public school system in burma ? END
START are children required to go to school or can they choose to stay at home and work ? END
START what are the pervasive culture that is sanctioned in burma ? END
START have these cultures developed on there own over time ? END
START what type of effect did theravada buddhism.have on bamar? END
START what is the connection between an insect that has devotional following and buddhism ? END
START customarily where is the expected place in the lives of the people for the home of monks in burma ? END
START what event is exceedingly relevant for young males that involves monks in burma ?  END
START what do girls of the village get in comparison the the young male event ? END
START what is the biggest celebration held in local events in burma ? END
START what do many villages have that protects them in times of imminent or impending danger ? END
START what evidence of previous rule is evident in the buildings in burma ? END
START what part of the burmese population is considered not a part of the mainstream group? END
START do opinions differ on the numbers for that population is considered not a part of the mainstream END
START what is the name of the group that reported the information regarding the populace in burma ? END
START what is the time-honored dish served for the morning meal in burma ? END
START what is most commonly enjoyed to eat along the coast of myanmar ? END
START where is the most chicken enjoyed in burma ? END
START what is considered as an alternative to tofu for the valuable ingredient it holds for those not living near water in burma? END
START what are popular ways that fish are used in burma ? END
START what was the first motion picture about someone's life filmed in myanmar ? END
START why was this film relevant enough to be the first ? END
START before the advent of talking pictures, what was the name of the first movie in myanmar and when was it 's debut ? END
START following the end of the second world war, what was a still a popular theme among films makers in burma ? END
START where any of the burmese films ever used as an instrument to influence the people ? END
START which group originated as a national and religious group in the middle east during the second millennium bce, in the part of the levant known as the land of israel? END
START who consolidated their hold with the emergence of the kingdom of israel, and the kingdom of judah? END
START what were incoming nomadic groups known as? END
START when did jews originate as a national and religious group in the middle east? END
START what appears to confirm the existence of a people of israel? END
START what national and religious group originated in the first millennium bce? END
START what confirms the existence of the ancient egyptians? END
START who was an outgrowth of the israelite population? END
START what was a major feature of the babylonian history, identity, and memory? END
START when did the people of israel cease to be associated with the god el? END
START what percentage of jews reside in israel? END
START what percentage of jews reside in the u.s.? END
START how many jews live in europe? END
START what is one reason the world population of jews difficult to determine? END
START how many non jewish people live in israel? END
START how many non jewish people live in the united states? END
START why is the world population of jews easy to measure? END
START what percentage of non jews live in the united states? END
START what is not a factor in who is a jew? END
START what is the origin of the word yiddish? END
START what is another word to describe a jew? END
START what is a russian word used to describe a jew? END
START ebreo is an italian word derivation of what word? END
START how do you say hebrew in german? END
START how do you say hebrew in portuguese? END
START how do you say hebrew in french? END
START what german word is the origin of the word "hebrew"? END
START how do you say yiddish in italian?  END
START name one person that jewish ancestry traced back to? END
START where did jacob and his family migrate to? END
START who led the exodus? END
START who was jacob's son? END
START who was joseph's father? END
START who lived in canaan before the 18th century bce? END
START who invited the pharaoh to live in egypt? END
START when did canaan conquer the israelites? END
START who invited joseph to live in egypt? END
START how long were the egyptians enslaved? END
START which culture was largely canaanite in nature? END
START what is one of the ancient canaanite deities? END
START the period of time from 1200 to 1000 bce is known as what? END
START how has historical archaeology treated the historicity of the patriarchs? END
START how did the israelites take over the region according to historical archaeology?  END
START what god did the ancient canaanites not worship? END
START the period of time before 1200 bce is known as what? END
START what gave rise to a distinct canaanite ethnic group? END
START what group was divided into twelve tribes? END
START when was the kingdom of israel conquered by the neo-assyrian empire? END
START from where do the jews derive their ethonynm? END
START how many tribes were the samaritans split into? END
START who do the tribes of judah descend from? END
START where did the southern kingdom of israel migrate to? END
START who assimilated before the 720s bce? END
START when did the kingdom of israel conquer the neo-assyrian empire? END
START how many times did israelites have political independence in ancient history?  END
START from where did the term jews originate? END
START when was land divided into israel and judah? END
START inhabitants of judah are known as what? END
START when did the babylonian exile end? END
START how many times did israelites enjoy political independence in modern times?  END
START what term denoted someone from the northern kingdom of judah? END
START when did nebuchadnezzar ii build the first temple? END
START when did judah first become an independent kingdom? END
START when did most jews stop living in diaspora? END
START genetic studies show that jews bear their strongest resemblance to the peoples of where? END
START how far back does the jews' shared common genetic pool date? END
START most jews share a common genetic heritage that originates from what place? END
START what people do jews show the least genetic resemblance to? END
START how far back does the people of the fertile crescent's shared genetic pool date? END
START most people of the fertile crescent share a common heritage that originates from where? END
START what do people of the fertile crescent share besides genetics? END
START what is one thing that jews were not able to maintain? END
START what book is considered a religious interpretation of the traditions and early national history of the jews? END
START what religions are now practiced by 54% of the world? END
START what is the hebrew bible? END
START what is a religious interpretation of the traditions and history of europe? END
START what is not practiced by 54% of the world? END
START where have jewish culture phenomena never developed? END
START what percentage of the world does not follow an abrahamic religion? END
START where have specifically religious jewish customs developed? END
START in modern secular usage jews include how many groups? END
START what makes the definition of a jew vary slightly?  END
START which religion shares some characteristics of a nation, an ethnicity, a religion and a culture? END
START what doesn't share any characteristics with a nation? END
START how many groups do jews include in modern religious usage? END
START how many groups do jews include in historical secular usage?  END
START who is not included as a jew in modern secular usage? END
START what has no effect on the definition of who is a jew? END
START what have historical definitions of jewish identity been based on? END
START historical definitions of who a jew is dates back to what year? END
START what is used as a warning against intermarriage between jews and canaanites? END
START what have historical definitions of jewish identity never been based on? END
START when was the babylonian talmud codified into the oral torah? END
START what section of the tanakh encouraged intermarriage?  END
START what movement in the 18th and 19th centuries was pro religious? END
START what interpretations of jewish identity have never been challenged? END
START who believed the status of the offspring of mixed marriages was determined patrilineally in the bible? END
START what dictated that when a parent could not contract a legal marriage, offspring would follow the mother? END
START what is one explanation for the change in mishnaic times? END
START who believed that the status of offspring of mixed marriages was determined matrilineally in the bible? END
START how many explanations were there for the lack of change in mishnaic times? END
START what dictated that when a parent could not contract a legal marriage, offspring would follow the father? END
START what did roman law dictate if a parent contracted a legal marriage? END
START what unions were allowed along with mixed marriages? END
START where did jews migrate to after the babylonian conquest? END
START between what years did jews increase to an estimated 2 million? END
START name one thing that has accounted for jewish population growth? END
START where did the jews migrate to before the babylonian conquest? END
START how many jews lived in babylonia before the 1st century? END
START how many jews lived in babylonia after 500 ce? END
START how did the jewish population increase before the 1st century? END
START how many jews lived outside of the roman empire? END
START what is a tax imposed on jews in 70 ce? END
START when did the fiscus judaicus relax to exclude christians? END
START name one reason historians believe the conversion during the roman era was limited in number and did not account for much of the jewish population growth? END
START what religion was it legal to convert to in the roman world from the mid-2nd century? END
START where was it legal to convert to judaism? END
START what made conversion easy in the roman world? END
START when was the fiscus judaicus expanded to also include christians? END
START what was a tax imposed on non jewish citizens in 70 ce? END
START what resulted in effective and long-term isolation of jewish communities? END
START name one way jewish cultural expressions differ in each community? END
START name another way jewish cultural expressions differ in each community? END
START what did not cause ethnic divisions between jews? END
START where did jewish people not settle? END
START what is one way jewish cultural expressions stayed the same in each community? END
START what is another way jewish cultural expressions stayed the same in each community? END
START at what time did jewish communities not develop under the influence of their local environments? END
START name one major group that jews are often identified as belonging to. END
START name another major group that jews are often identified as belonging to? END
START what does ashkenaz mean in hebrew? END
START what is the more common term in israel for many of those broadly called sephardim? END
START what does mizrach mean in hebrew? END
START how many major groups do the ashkenazim belong to? END
START what term means "westerners" in israel? END
START what does ashkenaz mean in german? END
START what word means "spain" in spanish? END
START what two groups are not ethnically distinct? END
START in modern usage, why is mizrahim sometimes termed sephardi? END
START when did the expulsion of jews from spain and portugal occur? END
START where are the teimanim from? END
START what is always clear between these groups? END
START why are mizrahim sometimes termed sephardi in historical usage? END
START what jews are not included in the mizrahim? END
START when were the jews welcomed into spain and portugal? END
START where are the georgian jews from? END
START what group of jews represent the bulk of modern jewry? END
START which group represents at least 70% of jews worldwide? END
START why does ashkenazim represent the overwhelming majority of jews in the new world continents? END
START in what country does the immigration of jews from algeria (sephardim) has led them to outnumber the ashkenazim? END
START who represents the minority of modern jewry? END
START which group represents less than 70% of jews worldwide? END
START what is a country where ashkenazi jews have not emigrated to? END
START why do sephardim represent the overwhelming majority of jews in the new world? END
START where is the jewish population least representative of all groups? END
START what is the liturgical language of judaism? END
START what is also termed lason ha-kodesh, "the holy tongue?" END
START what are the hebrew scriptures called? END
START what are the two languages of the babylonian talmud? END
START what is a closely related tongue to hebrew? END
START what is judaism termed? END
START what language did the jews never speak? END
START how many jews spoke greek before the 3rd century bce? END
START what language was the babylonian talmud not written in? END
START what language did the jews of israel not use at that time? END
START what is the judaeo-german language developed by ashkenazi jews who migrated to central europe? END
START what is the judaeo-spanish language developed by sephardic jews who migrated to the iberian peninsula? END
START name one reason the ancient and distinct jewish languages have largely fallen out of use? END
START for how long have jews not spoken the local languages of the regions they migrated to? END
START what have jews never spoken? END
START what language was developed by ashkenazi jews who migrated to the iberian peninsula? END
START what was not a factor in jewish languages falling out of use? END
START what is a jewish language that has not fallen out of use? END
START what language is spoken by more jews in history than any other language? END
START north africans continue to use what language as their mother tongue? END
START what are the three most commonly spoken languages among jews today? END
START south african jews adopted which language? END
START which language has by and far superseded most jewish vernaculars? END
START when was hebrew last commonly used? END
START what language has surpassed english as a jewish vernacular? END
START what are the three least commonly spoken languages among jews? END
START what language have ashkenazi jews adopted outside of quebec? END
START what group has shifted from a monolingual group to a multilingual one? END
START ashkenazi jews share more common paternal lineages with what group? END
START jewish traditions place most jewish paternal origins in which region? END
START which lineages are generally more heterogeneous? END
START what tends to imply a large number of founders in an old population? END
START what do male line ancestors appear to be outside of jewish populations? END
START who believes many jewish males did not find new mates from european communities? END
START what percent of ashkenazi jews originate from four male founders? END
START what did studies carried out by feder not confirm? END
START what looks at the entire dna mixture? END
START what has become increasingly important as the technology deveops? END
START mizrahi jews show evidence of admixture with whom? END
START what looks at a small part of the dna mixture? END
START what has become less important as technology develops? END
START what does not show shared middle eastern ancestry? END
START who did behar say has an especially close relationship with sephardi jews? END
START what is the least parsimonious explantion for shared middle eastern ancestry?  END
START what are sephardic bnei anusim? END
START who are descendants of the "anusim" forced converts to catholicism? END
START what percentage of iberians are sephardic bnei anusim? END
START who are the descendants of the willing converts to catholicism? END
START what percentage of historical iberia was sephardic bnei anusim? END
START what percentage of ancient ibero-america was sephardic bnei anusim? END
START what population does not have some more remote ancient jewish descent? END
START what other population does not have some more remote ancient jewish descent? END
START what years did the jewish population rise from 800,000 to two million? END
START what is the population of israel? END
START between 1974 and 1979, how many immigrants arrived in israel? END
START what did the jewish population rise to before 1948? END
START what percent of the israeli population is not jewish? END
START what were the latest years of the state of israel marked by? END
START before 1974 how many immigrants arrived in israel? END
START where did this period see a decrease in immigration to israel? END
START more than half of the jews live where? END
START how many jews live in canada? END
START how many jews live in argentina? END
START how many jews live in brazil? END
START where do less than half of jews live? END
START where is the smallest jewish community located? END
START how many jews live in mexico? END
START what do demographers agree on? END
START when did the united states surpass israel in jewish population? END
START where is western europe's largest jewish community? END
START how many jews live in france? END
START what is the population of jews in the united kingdom? END
START what is western europe's smallest jewish community? END
START where are the majority of immigrants in the united kingdom's jewish community from? END
START how many israelis live outside of germany? END
START how many jews immigrated to germany before the fall of the berlin wall? END
START what is a slowly increasing jewish community? END
START prior to 1948, how many jews were living in lands which now make up the arab world (excluding israel)? END
START when did a small-scale exodus begin in many countries? END
START the only substantial aliyah came from where? END
START how many jews lived in arab world prior to 1948, including israel? END
START what percentage of jews lived in pahlavi iran? END
START how many jews lived outside of the arab world prior to 1948? END
START where did the last large scale exoduses of the 1940s and 1950s occur? END
START when did the migration of iranian jews hit its lowest point? END
START when did the advent of the jewish enlightenment occur? END
START what was a result of the jewish enlightenment? END
START name a jewish community that disappeared entirely? END
START where did assimilation never take place? END
START what jewish community has never disappeared?  END
START what encouraged jews to not participate in secular society? END
START what has not been caused by jews assimilating?  END
START what is the rate of interreligious marriage in the united states? END
START what is the rate of interreligious marriage in the united kingdom? END
START what is the rate of interreligious marriage in france? END
START what is the rate of interreligious marriage in mexico? END
START what is the rate of interreligious marriage in australia? END
START what does not vary by much? END
START how many children from intermarriage affiliate with jewish religious practice in the united kingdom? END
START how many children from intermarriage affiliate with jewish religious practice in france? END
START why do most countries in the diaspora have increasing religiously jewish populations? END
START where are jews not assimilating into? END
START when did the papal states exist? END
START in the papal states, what is the name for the specified neighborhoods where jews were required to live? END
START what promoted hatred of jews because of their descent? END
START what existed after 1870? END
START where were jews required to live outside of in the papal states? END
START who did not make a distinction between "good" and "bad" antisemitism? END
START what conspiracies were alleged about the catholic church?  END
START what did the "bad" kind of antisemitism not promote? END
START what were jews and christians living in muslim lands known as? END
START what is the per capita tax imposed on free adult non-muslim males known as? END
START which group had an inferior status under islamic rule? END
START what was the disability described by bernard lewis as "most degrading?" END
START what religions have a simple relationship? END
START who did not have to pay the jizya? END
START who had a superior status under muslim rule? END
START what was a prohibition placed on muslims under christian rule? END
START what was the least degrading prohibition placed on non muslims? END
START what were walled quarters known as? END
START who was forced into confinement in mellahs? END
START when did the confinement of moroccan jews in mellahs begin? END
START what dynasty did not massacre jews? END
START where were jews in islamic persia confined to? END
START where were jews confined after the 19th century? END
START what was conflated with anti-zionist publications in historical times? END
START what jewish movements have made antisemitic pronouncements? END
START what was one method used to entirely eliminate jewish populations? END
START what resulted in the massacre of jews? END
START who led the spanish inquisition? END
START according to the american journal of human genetics, what percentage of modern iberian population has sephardic jewish ancestry? END
START what methods were never used on jewish populations? END
START what was not sufficient to silence dissent? END
START who was the first crusade led by? END
START what was opposed by the russian tsars? END
START what percent of the historical iberian population has sephardic jewish ancestry? END
START how many jews were slaughtered in the holocaust? END
START worldwide, how many jews were there in 1939? END
START what was the state-led systematic persecution and genocide of european jews and other minority groups? END
START in 1939, what fraction of jews were killed in the holocaust? END
START where did the persecution reach its lowest amount?  END
START how many jews were not killed in the holocaust? END
START when was legislation to remove the jews from civil society struck down? END
START how many jews were there before 1939? END
START what happened when the third reich conquered territory in western europe?  END
START what is one method used to prevent intermarriage? END
START what is the trend for secular jews to become more religiously observant known as? END
START who leads the movement that pursues secular jews in order to give them stronger jewish identity? END
START why do secular jews persue orthodox movements? END
START why has there been a trend for secular jews to become less religious? END
START who has a shrinking rate of conversion? END
START what is the trend for jews to become less religiously observant called? END
START when have jews made efforts to be less religiously observant? END
START what is the most frequent use of cotton? END
START to what date has cotton been dated? END
START where in india has cotton been found from prehistoric times? END
START in what central american country has cotton use been found from early times? END
START what machinery has lead to the  easily made and widespread use of cotton? END
START what is the most frequent use of cloth? END
START to what date has the cotton gin been dated? END
START where in india has the cotton gin been found from prehistoric times? END
START in what central american country has cotton gin use been found from early times? END
START what textile has lead to the easily and widespread use of cotton? END
START where in southeast asia has early use of cotton been discovered? END
START to what period has cotton been dated in pakistan? END
START when did the indus valley civilization cover parts of india and pakistan? END
START until what event did the ancient methods of spinning and fabrication of cotton last? END
START during what time did cotton become widely used in india? END
START where in southeast asia has early use of industry been discovered? END
START to what period has industry been dated in pakistan? END
START when did cotton cover parts of inida and pakistan? END
START until what event did the ancient methods of bead spinning last? END
START during what time did copper beads become widely used in india? END
START use of cotton in iran dates back to what period? END
START when was the achaemenid era? END
START in what source can references to cotton be found in iran? END
START what 13th century explorer saw cotton in persia? END
START what frenchman in the 17th century noted cotton farming in persia? END
START us of cotton in france dates back to what period? END
START when was the persian era? END
START in what source can references to cotton be found in france? END
START what 13th century explorer saw cotton in france? END
START what frenchman in the 13th century noted cotton farming in persia? END
START when did cotton begin to be commercially grown in egypt? END
START what french businessman convinced the ruler of egypt to grow cotton for the french market? END
START who was ruler of egypt in the 1820s? END
START how high had cotton revenues risen by the time of the american civil war? END
START how many bales of cotton were produced by egypt by 1903? END
START when did cotton begin to be commercially grown in the us? END
START what french businessman convinced the ruler of egypt to grow cotton for the us market? END
START who was ruler of egypt in 1903? END
START how high had cotton revenues risen by the time of the french civil war? END
START how many bales of cotton were produced by egypt by 1820? END
START in the late medieval period in europe as what was cotton viewed? END
START what ancient writer gave later eras the idea that cotton might be a tree? END
START what 1350 writer stated that cotton was produced by sheep that grew on trees? END
START by the end of what century was cotton grown in the americas and asia? END
START why was it easy for people to believe that cotton grew on sheep that grew in plants? END
START what was cotton viewed as in the late medieval period in asia? END
START what ancient writer gave later eras the idea that wool might be a tree? END
START what 1350 writer stated that wool was produced by sheep that grew on trees? END
START by the end of what century was cotton grown in germany? END
START why was it easy for people to believe that cotton grew on sheep that grew in northern europe? END
START how did british rule effect indian cotton processing? END
START during what centuries did british rule effect indian cotton production? END
START what british business's policies damaged the indian cotton industry? END
START what cotton products did british law mandate that india was allowed to sell? END
START if instead of producing fabrics, where was india forced to purchase cotton products? END
START how did east india rule effect indian cotton processing? END
START during what centuries did east india rule effect indian cotton production? END
START what british business's policies damaged the british cotton industry? END
START what cotton products did indian law mandate that india was allowed to sell? END
START where was the british east india company forced to purchase cotton products? END
START what event produced an expansion of the british cotton industry? END
START when was a new spinning machine patented that boosted cotton production? END
START what device did james hargreaves invent? END
START what was samuel crompton's invention of 1775? END
START whic british city was nicknamed "cottonopolis" because of its cotton production? END
START what event produced an expansion of john wyatt's cotton industry? END
START when was a new spinning machine patented that boosted frame production? END
START what device did manchester invent? END
START what was samuel crompton's invention of 1769? END
START which british city was nicknamed "cottonopolis" because of its frame production? END
START what invention improved the cotton industry in both america and britain? END
START what american invented the cotton gin? END
START before the use of the cotton gin, how was cotton separated? END
START what business development did the british use to establish a hold on the global cotton market? END
START from what source was raw cotton first bought and later resold? END
START what invention improved the cotton industry in both holmes and britain? END
START what british person invented the cotton gin? END
START before the use of the cotton gin, how were bales separated? END
START what business development did the americans use to establish a hold on the global cotton market? END
START from what source were cotton gins first bought and later resold? END
START what was the difference that made american cotton preferred over indian cotton? END
START in the 1840s, what country could no longer adequately supply the british cotton mills? END
START besides buying from the american plantations, where else in the western hemisphere did britain buy cotton? END
START by what time had cotton become prominent in the american economy of the south? END
START what was cotton called in the 19th century? END
START what was the difference that made indian cotton preferred over british cotton? END
START in the 1840s, what country could no longer adequately supply the indian cotton mills? END
START besides buying from the american plantations, where else in the western hemisphere did india buy cotton? END
START by what time had cotton become prominent in the indian economy of the south? END
START what was america called in the 19th century? END
START when did the american cotton industry fail? END
START what action of the union damaged the southern cotton exports? END
START to what county's cotton did european buyers turn due to the american civil war? END
START what characteristic of american cotton attracted buyers after the end of the civil war? END
START what did the abandonment of egyptian cotton mean to the egyptian economy? END
START when did the egyptian cotton industry fall? END
START what action of the union damaged the french cotton exports? END
START to what country's cotton did southern buyers turn due to the american civil war? END
START what characteristic of egyptian cotton attracted buyers after the end of the civil war? END
START what did the abandonment of southern cotton mean to the egyptian economy? END
START what was the procedure called which involved workers to work for a share of the profits?  END
START what difficulty in harvesting cotton required a large labor force? END
START besides adults what segment of the southern us population was involved in the harvesting of cotton? END
START what function of southern schools was created for children to pick cotton? END
START what part of the southern population worked as sharecroppers? END
START what was the procedure called which involved the south to work for a share of the profits? END
START what difficulty in harvesting cotton required a larger economy? END
START besides adults what segment of the southern us population was involved in school systems? END
START what function of southern schools was created for adults to pick cotton? END
START what part of the southern population worked as farmers? END
START what is the optimum amount of rainfall for cotton growth? END
START in what soil type does cotton prefer to grow ? END
START why is cotton grown as an annual crop? END
START where in the us is considered the best place to grow cotton on earth? END
START what type of tolerances make cotton an ideal crop for semiarid areas? END
START what is the minimum amount of rainfall for cotton growth? END
START in what rainfall type does cotton prefer to grow? END
START why is cotton grown as a regional crop? END
START where in the us is considered the best place to control pests on earth? END
START what type of tolerances make cotton an ideal crop for the northern hemisphere? END
START to stop reliance on what was gm cotton developed? END
START what form of cotton is gm? END
START what bacterium is used to produced gm cotton? END
START what farming pest management technique does the use of gm grown plants promote? END
START what part of the life cycle of moths does bt toxin effect? END
START to stop refinance on what was gm larvae developed? END
START what form of larvae is larvae? END
START what farming pest management technique does the use of larvae grown plants promote? END
START what part of the life cycle of cotton does bt toxin effect END
START what bacterium is used to produce larvae cotton? END
START in what year did a research study find that the use of bt toxin plants failed to be effective after 7 years? END
START on what did a 2009 study conclude that increased insects were dependent? END
START what did a 2012 study suggest  was halved by the use of gm plants? END
START what did the 2012 study say was doubled by the use of gm cotton? END
START how much of the earth's cotton crops are planted in gm cotton? END
START on what did a 2009 study conclude that increased pests were dependent? END
START what did a 2012 study suggest was halved by the use of secondary plants? END
START what did the 2012 study say was doubled by the use of chinese cotton? END
START how much of the earth's cotton crops are planted in china? END
START how much gm cotton was planted in 2009? END
START how much area was planted in india in gm cotton in 2011? END
START what was the percentage of gm cotton planted in india in 2011? END
START waht country has the largest area of gm cotton on earth? END
START at what rank does us gm cotton stand in the world? END
START what percentage of australia's cotton crop was gm in 2009? END
START how much area was planted in india in gm cotton in 2009? END
START what was the percentage of gm cotton planted in india in 2009? END
START what country has the largest area of non-transgenic cotton on earth? END
START at what rank does us non-trangenic cotton stand in the world? END
START what percentage of australia's cotton crop was non-transgenic in 2009? END
START what are organic plants understood to be? END
START without what are organic plants meant to be grown ?  END
START what is meant by synthetic chemicals? END
START what group in the us determines the allowed practices in organic agriculture? END
START how much organic cotton was produced worldwide in 2007? END
START what are nop plants understood to be? END
START without what are nop plants meant to be grown? END
START what is meant by nop chemicals? END
START what group in the us determines the allowed practices in 24 countries? END
START how much sythetic cotton was produced worldwide in 2007? END
START what insect is the most destructive pest in cotton growing in the us? END
START what program has effectively eliminated the boll weevil in the us? END
START what is the organization that instigated the boll weevil eradication program? END
START what form of cotton contains a genetically modified gene? END
START on what does the use of bt cotton reduce reliance? END
START what insect is the most destructive pest in cotton growing in the bwep? END
START what program has effectively eliminated pests in the us? END
START what is the organization that instigated the boll weevil? END
START what form of cotton contains a genetically modified pest? END
START on what does the use of bwep reduce reliance? END
START how is most cotton harvested? END
START what is the cotton harvesting machine that removes the boll with damaging the plant? END
START what machine strips off the entire head of the cotton plant? END
START what weather conditions mandate the planting of stripper types of cotton? END
START what type of plant is cotton? END
START how are most plants harvested? END
START what is the cotton harvesting machine that removes the bolll and damages the plant? END
START what machine strips off the chemicals off the cotton plant? END
START what weather conditions mandate the planting of defoliation types of cotton? END
START what type of plant is defoliant? END
START what was the first manufactured fiber? END
START when was rayon first made in france? END
START what type of industry produced a growing chain of synthetic fibers? END
START what was manufactured completely from petrochemicals? END
START what company produced nylon and acrylic in the 1930s and 1940s? END
START what was the first polyester fiber? END
START when was polyester first made in france? END
START what type of industry produced a growing chain of dupont? END
START what was manufactured completely from dupont? END
START what company produced polyester and nylon in the 1930s and 1940s? END
START what prompted a help program produced by cotton producers in the 1960s? END
START what law was passed in 1966 to aid cotton producers? END
START what type of competitors does the 1966 act help combat? END
START where has the cotton research and promotion act made cotton the best selling fiber? END
START what did producers of cotton have to re-establish after the market declined? END
START what prompted a help program produced by investments in the 1960s? END
START what law was passed in 1966 to aid investments? END
START what type of competitors does the 1966 act help? END
START where has the cotton research and promotion act made synthetics the best selling fiber? END
START what did producers of synthetics have to re-establish after the market declined? END
START for what is cotton used to make? END
START besides new cotton fibers, what type of fibers can be used to make cotton products? END
START with what is cotton often blended to make a new style of fabric? END
START what kinds of fabrics can be made from blended fibers? END
START for what can cotton yarn be used? END
START for what are jeans used to make? END
START besides new cotton fivers, what type of fivers can be used to make elastine? END
START with what is cotton often blended to make a new style of elastine? END
START what kinds of fabrics can be made from stretch jeans? END
START for what can cotton elastine be used? END
START for what is cottonseed used after it is separate from the fibers? END
START what product is processed cottonseed oil? END
START what is cottonseed meal used for feed? END
START for what purpose are cottonseed hulls used in feed? END
START as what did early scientists describe gossypol ? END
START for what is cottonseed used after it is separate from root bark? END
START what product is processed cottonseed bark? END
START for what purpose is root bark used in feed? END
START as what did early scientists describe cottonseed oil? END
START what inhibits the development of root bark? END
START what part of the cotton plant is used for paper manufacture? END
START what do cotton linters look like? END
START what are cotton linters called in the uk? END
START what is cotton wool called in the us? END
START what individual first used cotton wool medically? END
START what part of wool is used for paper manufacture? END
START what does wool look like? END
START what are cotton linters called in the u.s.? END
START what individual first used wool medically? END
START where did sampson gamgee first use wool medically? END
START what is a fine, tightly twisted type of cotton fabric? END
START what is lisle considered to be as a fabric? END
START what does extra twisting of lisle thread produce? END
START where was the lisle thread originally made? END
START how is color perceived to be for lisle in comparison to softer yarns?  END
START what is a fine, tightly twisted type of cotton glove? END
START what is lisle considered to be as a city? END
START what does extra twisting of gloves produce? END
START where were gloves originally made? END
START how is color perceived to be for gloves in comparison with stockings? END
START in 2009 what were the largest producers of cotton? END
START how do the us and africa rank as exporters of cotton? END
START what is the combined international trade in cotton? END
START what company is the top cotton broker in africa? END
START where is dunavant enterprises based? END
START in 2009 what were the largest importers? END
START how do the us and africa rank as exporters of rice? END
START what is the combined international trade in rice? END
START what company is the top cotton broker in india? END
START where is cargill based? END
START how many subsidized cotton growers are in the us? END
START what is the rate of subsidies of cotton growers in the us? END
START what country provides the highest rate of support for cotton growers? END
START which former colonies still have tight monopolies on cotton brokering? END
START where in africa is it possible to buy out brokerages in cotton? END
START how many subsidized cotton growers are in africa? END
START what is the rate of subsidies of cotton growers in africa? END
START what country provides the highest rate of support for colonies? END
START which former colonies still have tight monopolies on colonies? END
START where in the united states is it possible to buy out brokerages in cotton? END
START what was brazil's argument against the us cotton industry? END
START what are the african countries of benin, burkina faso, chad, and mali referred to as in the cotton industry? END
START what has the cotton-4 been in regards to the us cotton subsidies? END
START what could the us do that would please the foreign cotton industry concerning cotton subsidies? END
START what organization has brazil tried to use to curb us cotton subsidies? END
START what was brazil's argument against chad's cotton industry? END
START what has the cotton-4 been in regards to the cotton industry? END
START what could the us do that would please the wto concerning cotton subsidies? END
START what organization has the us tried to use to curb brazilian subsidies? END
START when were cotton subsidies introduced? END
START what type of labor have some countries come under fire for employing? END
START what usage that causes worker damage have some countries been reported doing?  END
START what country has been accused of forced child and adult labor? END
START where does uzbekistan rank as a cotton exporter? END
START what system was started in 2005 to deal with organic and ethically produced products? END
START what type of footwear have some countries come under fire for employing? END
START what usage that causes footwear damage have some countries been reported to doing? END
START what country has been accused of fair fashion? END
START where does mali rank as a cotton exporter? END
START what system was started in 2005 to deal with forced labor? END
START what is the final sequencing goal of sequencing diploid cotton genomes first ? END
START what type of cotton has two separate genomes within its nucleus?  END
START when did a group of researchers decide to sequence the genomic structure of tetraploid cotton? END
START what type of genome must be sequenced first to prevent confusion before the tetraploid form? END
START in order to understand the tetraploid forms, what must be used as a comparison in cotton gene sequencing? END
START what is the final sequencing goal of sequencing tetraploid genomes first? END
START what type of cotton has two separate genomes within its sequence? END
START when did a group or researchers decide to sequence the genomic structure of diploid counterparts? END
START what type of genome must be sequenced first to prevent confusion before gorge? END
START in order to understand the tetraploid forms, what must be used as a comparison in cotton gorge? END
START what companies finished much of the sequencing of the d genome? END
START when was the sequencing of d genome of g.  raimondii mostly completed? END
START what did monsanto and illumina say they would do with the research? END
START what is the seeming result of donating genetic cotton sequencing to the public? END
START what plants are the goal of sequencing wild forms of cotton? END
START what companies finished much of the sequencing of the bac genome? END
START when was the sequencing of d genome of ad, raimondii mostly completed? END
START what did monsanto and illumina say they would do with the d genome of g? END
START what is the seeming result of donating genetic cotton sequencing to the ad genomes? END
START what plants are the goal of sequencing wild forms of bac? END
START what involves encoding information using fewer bits than the original representation? END
START what can be either lossy or lossless? END
START what reduces bits by identifying and eliminating statistical redundancy?  END
START what is the process called of reducing the size of a data file? END
START what is the process called of encoding at the source of the data before it's processed? END
START what involves encoding information using fewer bits than the channel coding? END
START what can not be lossy or lossless? END
START what reduces bits by identifying and eliminating source coding? END
START what is the process called of reducing the size of a lossless? END
START what helps reduce resource usage? END
START what must be decompressed?  END
START what is subject to a space-time complexity trade off?  END
START what type of scheme involves trade offs among other things? END
START what helps reduce trade-offs? END
START what is subject to a space-time hardware? END
START what type of scheme involves storage among other things? END
START what must compressed data be to be inconvenient? END
START what does extra processing impose through distortion? END
START what usually exploits statistical redundancy? END
START what represents statistical redundancy? END
START what may have colors that do not change over several pixels? END
START what usually exploits run-length coding? END
START what may have redundancy that does not change over several pixels? END
START what is possible because most real-world data have areas of color? END
START what allows many schemes to reduce lossless compression? END
START what do red pixel algorithms usually exploit? END
START what compression methods are among the most popular? END
START what is used in pkzip, gzip and png? END
START what serves as the basis of the zip method? END
START what is a current lz based coding scheme that does well? END
START what is used in microsoft's cab format? END
START what speed methods are among the most popular? END
START what is used in pkzip, lzr, and huffman? END
START what serves as the dynamically generated table for the zip method? END
START what is a current lz based cab that does well? END
START what is used in microsoft's deflate format? END
START what can be paired with an algorithm called arithmetic coding? END
START what can achieve superior compression? END
START what uses an internal memory state? END
START what can e paired with adaptive data called arithmetic coding? END
START what can achieve superior internal memory state? END
START what uses a jpeg memory state? END
START what applies well to coding standard compression tasks? END
START what were early examples of probability distribution applied in? END
START what type of data compression is the converse of lossless date data compression? END
START what can save storage space? END
START what helps by eliminating off nonessential bits of information? END
START what type of data compression is the converse of subtle variations? END
START what helps by eliminating off nonessential bits of perceptual differences? END
START what is more sensitive to reducing size in luminance than variations in color? END
START what are lossy data compression music files designed by? END
START what is there a corresponding compression scheme between? END
START what methods are used to remove non-audible components of audio signals? END
START what compression is usually performed with even more specialized techniques? END
START what is used in internet telephony?  END
START what is used for cd ripping? END
START what is encoded by audio players? END
START what methods are used to removed coding components of audio signals? END
START what compression is usually performed with even more psychoacoustics? END
START what are different audio and speech cd ripping listed under? END
START what is distinguished as a separate lossy from audio compression? END
START voice speech is used in what? END
START what is machine learning closely related to? END
START what type of compressor can be used for prediction? END
START what has been used as a benchmark for "general intelligence"? END
START what type of compressor can be used for general intelligence? END
START what can a benchmark compressor be used for? END
START what has a close connection to machine equivalence? END
START what can be used for optimal justification? END
START how is an arithmetic compressor used for prediction? END
START what can be looked at as a special case of data differencing?  END
START what is made up of producing a difference given a source and a target? END
START what can classified as data differencing with empty source data? END
START what can be looked at as a special case of relative entropy? END
START what is made up of producing a compressed file given a source and a target? END
START what can be classified as data differencing with corresponding data? END
START what means producing a target given only a special case? END
START what means producing a compressed file given no initial data? END
START what has the potential to reduce the transmission bandwidth and storage requirements of audio data? END
START what is inserted in software as audio codecs? END
START what compression algorithms provide higher compression at the cost of fidelity? END
START what has the potential to reduce the transmission bandwidth and storage requirements of software? END
START what is inserted in psychoacoustics as audio codecs? END
START what compression algorithms provide higher compression at the transmission? END
START what do algorithms rely on to eliminate requirements? END
START what does audio data compression have the potential to reduce the dynamic range of? END
START what produces a representation of digital data that decompresses? END
START what are around 50-60% of the original size? END
START what compression cannot attain high compression ratios? END
START what does a representation of algorithms that decompresses? END
START what are around 50-60% of the spectrum? END
START what compression cannot attain high work efficiently? END
START what are three codecs that use linear prediction to estimate the decompression? END
START what size is similar to those for generic high compression? END
START what compression is used in a lot of applications? END
START what is used in most video dvds? END
START what compression usually achieves far greater compression then lossless?  END
START what compression is used in a lot of discarding? END
START what compression usually achieves far greater streams than lossless? END
START what are used in most video dvds and original streams? END
START what gets between 5 percent and 50 percent compression? END
START how are higher percentages of cable radio attained with lossy? END
START what may be used to weight the importance of components? END
START what are often called psychoacoustic models? END
START what is the process called when a signal is masked by another signal separated by time? END
START what may be used to weight the importance of cosine? END
START what are often called psychoacoustic masking? END
START what is the process when a signal is masked by another signal separated by contours? END
START what is the phenomenon wherein a signal is masked by another signal separated by threshold? END
START what is a transform that a compression frequency might use? END
START what is the coding called that is used with speech? END
START what is thought of as a basic perceptual coding technique? END
START what uses a model of the sound's generator?  END
START what is thought of as a basic signal coding technique? END
START what uses a model of the sound's quantization? END
START what may be thought of as a basic perceptual spectrum? END
START what does reconstruction of an audio signal shape the coder's compressor noise into? END
START what may be thought of as a generator coding technique? END
START what results from methods used to encode and decode data? END
START what analyzes a statement of data to boost performance? END
START what creates segments called a "frame"? END
START what results from methods used to encode and decode delays? END
START what analyzes a statement of data to boost data segments? END
START what creates conversation called a "frame"? END
START what may seriously degrade the perceived segment of data? END
START what has the purpose of creating discrete data segments for telephones? END
START what refers to the number of samples that must be analysed before a block of audio is processed? END
START what has zero samples in a minimum case? END
START what often has low latencies? END
START what refers to the number of samples that must be analyzed before a coding is processed? END
START what has zero samples in a minimum audio? END
START what  requires large number of speech coding to be analyzed? END
START what is the latency for algorithms such as lpc on the order of? END
START what reduces the number of bits used to quantize a block of audio? END
START what varies with time? END
START what has to be compressed in order to perform properly?  END
START what does "a/d" stand for? END
START what has to be compressed in order to perform signal values? END
START how many intervals is the range of the conversion divided into if 16-bit integers are generated? END
START how many intervals is the range of the conversion divided into if 8-bit integers are generated? END
START what are all signal values within an analog quantized to? END
START what is a voltage that is divided with time classified as? END
START what was published in the ieee journal in 1988? END
START what did the literature compendium document? END
START where were most of the authors in the jsac edition? END
START what was published in the mpeg-1 in 1988?  END
START what did the digital audio document? END
START where were most of the papers in the jsac edition? END
START what did the collection of coding document? END
START what did these coders remark on? END
START who developed the first commercial broadcast automation audio compression system? END
START who was an engineering professor at the university of buenos aires? END
START what was launched in 1987 under the name audicom? END
START who developed the first commercial broadcast automation band? END
START who was an broadcast professor at the university of buenos aires? END
START what was launched in 1987 under the name bonello? END
START on what computer did bonello develop a practical commercial on? END
START when was the principle of compression first published? END
START what all mostly use lossy compression? END
START what requires a high data rate? END
START what may present visible or distracting artifacts? END
START what may present visible or distracting mpeg-4? END
START what requires a very high quality? END
START what is there a tradeoff between in artifacts? END
START what has a data rate between 20 and 200? END
START what has a data rate between 5 and 12? END
START what compression typically operate on square-shaped groups of pixels? END
START what only sends the differences within those pixels and blocks? END
START what does high-frequency detail lead to? END
START what compression typically operate on square-shaped groups of flames?  END
START what only sends the differences within those bitrates? END
START what do high-frequency explosions lead to? END
START what sends only the difference within animals? END
START when does high-frequency detail lead to blocks of pixels? END
START what may be represented as a series of still image frames? END
START what can average a color across similar areas to reduce space? END
START what is hard to tell with smaller differences involved? END
START what may be represented as a series of algorithms? END
START what can average a color across similar areas to reduce changes? END
START what is hard to tell with smaller redundancy involved? END
START what is the method in which videos can average a color similar to? END
START what is easier to perceive than changes in frames? END
START what still remains much shorter than intraframe compression? END
START what happens when a frame contains areas where nothing has moved? END
START what is a sequence that can be edited? END
START what still remains much shorter than video? END
START what happens when a frame contains areas that can be compared? END
START what is a sequence that can cause rotate? END
START what tells the decompressor to shift, rotate, or copy? END
START what happens if sections of the frame move in a powerful method? END
START what copies data from one frame to another? END
START what is a type of video format? END
START what is almost as easy as editing uncompressed video? END
START what copies data from a frame to a video? END
START what is a type of intraframe? END
START what is almost as easy as editing frames? END
START what compress each dv independently? END
START what are certain compressions not allowed to do in most interframe systems? END
START what do all commonly used video compression methods use? END
START what does a dct do? END
START what is not used in practical products?  END
START what do all commonly used fractals use? END
START what is not used in dwt? END
START what does a wavelet do? END
START who approves still-image coders? END
START who introduced redundancy reduction in 1974? END
START what are the latest generation of lossless algorithms?  END
START what encoding reduces the heterogeneity of a dataset by sorting snps? END
START what two algorithms have compression ratios of up to 1200-fold? END
START what are the latest generation of dnazip and genomezip? END
START what encoding reduces the heterogenelty of a dataset by sorting megabytes? END
START what two algorithms have allele frequency of up to 1200-fold? END
START what provides 2- to 4- fold better heterogenelty than the leading gemeral-purpose compression utilities? END
START who published a genetic compression algorithm that does not use diploids? END
START which newspaper overtook the sun as largest saturday uk newspaper? END
START what was the sun's circulation per day in march 2014? END
START what was the largest demographic for readers of the sun? END
START what is the percentage of the sun readers who are women? END
START what is one controversial event covered by the sun? END
START which newspaper did the the sun on sunday take the place of? END
START in what year was the sun's look changed? END
START what was the circulation of the sun on sunday in march 2014? END
START when did the sunday mail overtake the sun in sales numbers? END
START when is the weekly mail forecast to pass the sun in terms of circulation? END
START who ordered research on the herald? END
START what was named as a potential reason for the herald's decline? END
START what type of people was the new paper supposed to attract? END
START what was the advertising budget of the new paper? END
START what was the number of papers in the first print run of the times? END
START what did the prospective owner of the paper promise? END
START how did the prospective publisher describe the newspaper he would produce? END
START which party would the newspaper endorse? END
START what was the price paid for the newspaper? END
START whose offer to buy the paper was turned down? END
START what position did larry lamb take with the sun? END
START what type of view did lamb have of the mirror? END
START what did lamb and murdoch believe to be the best indicator of newspaper quality? END
START what position did lamb formerly hold at the mirror? END
START how many reporters did lamb hire for the mirror's initial staff? END
START what did lamb employ as an important theme from the beginning of the paper? END
START when did the first page 3 model appear topless? END
START who was the first page 3 topless model? END
START who was the first to prohibit the paper from being in its library? END
START when was the library ban reversed? END
START what were the sun's political leanings early on under murdoch? END
START who led the labour party in the 1970 general election? END
START who did the sun support in 1974? END
START who would the sun consider supporting from the labour party in 1974? END
START what type of politician did a sun editorial state that it would support in october 1974? END
START who temporarily replaced larry lamb? END
START what was shrimsley's political background? END
START who lent his voice to a campaign that aided the sun in passing the daily mirror in 1978? END
START where did murdoch begin expanding? END
START when did murdoch begin expanding into the u.s? END
START what newspaper was founded by express newspaper? END
START by what year had the daily star started impacting the sun's sales? END
START what helped the sun overcome the daily star's challenge? END
START who became editor of the sun in 1981? END
START what impact was mackenzie said to have? END
START what did the sun state that had it taken sponsorship of? END
START what did the wording on the side of the sun missile state? END
START who did the sun state that the missile would be used against? END
START how did troops react to the missile? END
START what was the name of the sun journalist who reported on the missile? END
START what was the sun's headline on 4 may 1982? END
START which argentine ship was torpedoed? END
START why did the sun change the wording of the headline? END
START which reporter saw copies of the sun being thrown into the ocean? END
START what ship were copies of the sun thrown from? END
START which ship was the target of argentinian aggression? END
START which newspapers were highly critical of the sun's war reporting? END
START who was lead writer of the sun? END
START who was the bbc's defense correspondent? END
START what was the accusation leveled by ronald spark against the daily mirror, the guardian, and bbc? END
START who did the sun say was not fit to be prime minister in 1983? END
START which party was the sun accused of covering maliciously? END
START who did the sun support in the 1984 u.s. presidential election? END
START how old would ronald reagan turn soon after he began his second term as u.s. president? END
START what did the headline read that was run with michael foot's photo? END
START who did the sun support in the 1984-85 miners' strike? END
START who was president of the miners' union? END
START what did a picture of scargill have him appear to be doing? END
START how did the sun feel about the american bombing of libya in 1986? END
START who was labour m.p. in 1986? END
START how did murdoch describe critics of his newspaper? END
START what did murdoch and mackenzie say in defense of the sun? END
START who is one critic of the sun? END
START what was the focus of pilger's reporting in one issue of the daily mirror? END
START what distinction does one single edition of the daily mirror hold? END
START who wrote max clifford: read all about it? END
START who was writing a book with mccaffrey? END
START who was previously starr's public relations agent? END
START how did attention from the story impact starr's career? END
START what was the name of starr's autobiography? END
START how many libel writs did the sun get for their coverage of elton john? END
START who did the sun allege that elton john had sex with? END
START what journalist did the daily mirror wrest from the sun? END
START what breed of dog did the sun mistakenly report that elton john owned? END
START where did the sun offer to fly gay men in 1987? END
START what did piers morgan offer opinions about in a late 1980s column? END
START which papers did morgan serve as editor of? END
START which bbc show's homosexual kiss did the sun report on? END
START who shared the first homosexual kiss on eastenders? END
START which column did piers morgan edit at the sun? END
START what was the headline for a page 2 sun story on 17 november 1989? END
START whose opinion did the sun trust in their aids reporting? END
START which groups were classified as being at a high risk for aids? END
START with which group was lord kilbracken associated? END
START how did other news outlets report on lord kilbracken's words? END
START what did critics believe about the sun and lord kilbracken's ideas on aids? END
START what did lord kilbracken think of the sun's editorial? END
START who criticized the sun for its reporting on aids and hiv? END
START what did david randall say about the sun's aids story? END
START in what textbook did david randall write his opinion? END
START what did the paper report that some fans did? END
START who was reported to have been assaulted while trying to help a patient? END
START who wrote the headline "the truth"? END
START who wrote the actual story? END
START what was the story based on? END
START where did the sun lose a large portion of its daily sales as a result of the front page? END
START what were the estimated daily sales in liverpool 25 years later? END
START what documentary aired in 2008? END
START what do many liverpool residents do with the paper even if given to them free? END
START what name have liverpool residents given to the sun? END
START which footballer was verbally attacked in liverpool?  END
START what team did rooney transfer to? END
START what was rooney's age at the time of the hillsborough disaster? END
START who was managing editor of the sun in 2005? END
START how did dudman describe the sun's hillsborough coverage? END
START when did margaret thatcher leave office? END
START what is another name for the community charge? END
START who took over for thatcher? END
START who opposed the poll tax? END
START how did the sun feel about the poll tax? END
START what types of policies did the sun support? END
START what is an example of a thatcherite policy? END
START what was the sun's stance toward the eu? END
START what's another thing the paper showed hostility to? END
START what was the sun's initial stance toward the closures? END
START who did the sun declare political endorsement of in 1997? END
START who became prime minister in 1997? END
START which new labour policies did the sun oppose? END
START how did the sun describe john major's conservatives? END
START who greatly changed the image of the labour party? END
START what did blair agree to in order to get the support of rupert murdoch? END
START who was cabinet minister in 1998? END
START what happened on bbc's newsnight in 1998? END
START who was editor of the sun in 1998? END
START what did the sun say its policy about revealing an individual's sexuality would be moving forward? END
START what allegation did the government level against the sun in 2003? END
START who specifically leveled the allegations against the sun? END
START what did a 4 july 2003 front page story claim? END
START from which issue did claims that the sun was racist stem? END
START who did the sun print pictures of in a nazi outfit in 2005? END
START who did the sun endorse in the 2005 general election? END
START what is one of the weaknesses the sun thought blair possessed? END
START who was leading the conservatives at this time? END
START what did blair state about the 2005 election? END
START what was the result of the 2005 election? END
START what was the subject of the front page on 22 september 2003? END
START who was featured in the article on mental health? END
START what was the original headline on 22 september 2003? END
START what was the headline changed to after public backlash? END
START what had happened to frank bruno to spur the publishing of a story about him? END
START which two nations has the sun been very antagonistic towards? END
START what names were used by the sun to characterize the french and germans? END
START what is the paper's stance on the eu? END
START how was french president jacques chirac described by the sun? END
START which german chancellor was criticized by the sun? END
START what type of forum was the subject of a january 2009 front page story in the sun? END
START who was said to be targeted in the sun's front page story? END
START what magazine refuted the claims made by the sun in its article about the forum? END
START according to private eye who was the only forum member expressing wishes for a hate campaign? END
START complaints to which body led to the sun removing the story from its website? END
START what was the claimed target of a terrorist attack according to a late 2010 sun front page story? END
START what was the television program that would have been affected by the attack? END
START what did the manchester police say about these claimed attacks? END
START who negotiated an apology from the sun for its misreporting of this story? END
START who was responsible for the 2011 norway attacks? END
START when was the sun printed on the wapping presses for the last time? END
START where was london printing of the sun moved to? END
START how many presses were there at the new printing facility? END
START where had northern printing been moved to? END
START how much had been invested in the new printing locations? END
START who followed tony blair as prime minister? END
START who was the conservative leader that the sun often supported? END
START what is the name of the company that operates the sun? END
START what was the house of lords select committee on communications investigating in 2007? END
START on which issues did murdoch claim he exerted editorial control? END
START who showed up on the editorial floor of the independent? END
START who was the editor of the independent? END
START what did the sun neglect to report concerning the upcoming election? END
START who did the independent state wouldn't decide the election? END
START what year was the united kingdom general election? END
START who did the sun advocate for the 2010 election? END
START what did the sun fear would result from election of the labour party? END
START what was the outcome of the general election? END
START which party came to power after the election? END
START who did david cameron align with in order to become prime minister? END
START why were former sun staff members put in police custody in early 2012? END
START what was the charge against those arrested? END
START what greater scandal was this investigation a part of? END
START which sun staffers were arrested? END
START what role had graham dudman taken after serving as the sun managing editor? END
START who were the main leaders of the ruling party? END
START who criticized milliband for posing with a copy of the sun showing the hillsborough disaster? END
START how did milliband explain posing with this newspaper? END
START who was the labour mayour of liverpool? END
START what emotion did many people feel over the sun's coverage of hillsborough? END
START who was the subject of an early june 2013 front page story? END
START who wrote the story on tulisa contostavlos? END
START what was the main allegation in the sun's story on contostavlos? END
START what did the sun reporters make contostavlos believe? END
START what was the title of the front page story on contostavlos? END
START how did the case against tulisa fare? END
START what did the judge in the case state? END
START what type of drugs was tulisa accused of supplying? END
START what action did the sun take against mahmood? END
START when was the case against tulisa tried? END
START what were sun staff accused of in a 2014 trial? END
START what was at issue in the 2014 trial? END
START who were the sun staffers accused of buying information about? END
START who was the judge in this particular case? END
START what was the outcome of the jury's deliberation in the trial? END
START who was appointed presiding judge over the retrial in 2015? END
START in which newspaper did lisa o'carroll report the choice of judge? END
START who was pharo's lawyer in the case? END
START what did rumfit state that the defendants should have been informed about? END
START what did the lawyers for the defendants threaten to do? END
START who was found guilty in 2015? END
START which sun reporter was found guilty in 2015? END
START who was responsible for operation elveden? END
START how much did anthony france pay to a police officer? END
START who was the policeman leading operation elveden? END
START how did briggs characterize the relationship between france and edwards? END
START who was the first journalist convicted as a result of operation elveden since it had been revised? END
START what was the change made to operation elveden by the crown prosecution service? END
START which judge commented on france's unlawful activities? END
START who else did judge pontius believe should be blamed for france's actions? END
START who was news international considering bringing a case against? END
START what did the irish sun stop doing in 2013? END
START what was stated to be the last edition of the regular sun to publish topless models? END
START which newspaper claimed that the sun stopped featuring topless models in 2013? END
START what happened on 22 january 2015? END
START what did the sun's head of pr say about the reported editorial change at the sun? END
START which sun columnist made controversial remarks about migrants to britain in april 2015? END
START what terms did katie hopkins use to describe migrants to britain? END
START which organization sharply rebuked hopkins' comments? END
START who was the high commissioner of the united nations high commission for human rights? END
START what did hussein compare hopkins' remarks to? END
START on twitter what famous person condemned hopkins' remarks? END
START who wrote critically in the independent about hopkins? END
START with whom did usborne draw parallels to hopkins as a result of hopkins' comments? END
START which writer in the guardian was critical of hopkins? END
START what did williams say should be done about hopkins? END
START what is an often used term for british withdrawal from the european union? END
START who did the sun say was in favor of british withdrawal from the european union? END
START where was queen elizabeth ii said to have made critical remarks about the european union? END
START who refuted the statement that the queen was critical of the european union? END
START with whom was a complaint lodged alleging breach of guidelines in accuracy after the incident involving queen elizabeth ii? END
START what is the difference between a pesticide and a plant protection product? END
START what is the purpose of a pesticide? END
START what are pesticides most commonly used for? END
START what can pesticides protect plants from? END
START what item commonly used in hospitals, schools and offices is a pesticide? END
START what are examples of the way a plant protects itself against pests? END
START how are plants that protect themselves from pests classified? END
START what are three things that crop pests eat? END
START what is one thing that some fungi are also used in? END
START how are weeds also used when harvested commercially? END
START what are three pests pesticides target? END
START are pesticides chemical or biological agents? END
START what are possible cons of pesticides? END
START what are pesticides meant to prevent? END
START how many microbes exist that are dangerous to humans? END
START what do nematodes do when they infect a host? END
START what is the danger of people eating some mollusks? END
START how many types of poisonous mollusks are there in the wild? END
START what does being immunized against a virus help prevent? END
START what is one way to group pesticides? END
START give three examples of target organisms of pesticides. END
START what are the two types of biopesticides? END
START which type of pesticides have seen rapid growth in development? END
START what are some examples of hybrid plants that have been developed? END
START what type of pesticides can't be used on organic food? END
START what is the one type of pesticide that can be used on organic food? END
START what is another word used for organic chemical structure? END
START how have insecticides been developing recently? END
START organochlorine hydrocarbons effect what balance of the nerve fiber? END
START why was the use of organochlorine hydrocarbons ended? END
START what type of herbicide selectively kills broad leef weeds? END
START what essential plan funtion is interrupted by triazines? END
START organophospates and carbamates cause which symptoms? END
START what did glyphosate take the place of? END
START what do glyphosate and triazine do when they are both used? END
START what are the symptoms if you are exposed to both glyphosate and triazine? END
START what does glyphosate tend to selectively kill besides grasses? END
START what does glyphosate do to a plant when it causes cell growth without cell division? END
START what is one way you could group pesticides? END
START what is the main way that peticides perform their function? END
START in which direction do systemic pesticide generally travel through a plant? END
START which parts of a plant do systemic pesticides generally attack? END
START what traits are used to classify types of flower nectar? END
START how does nectar move up through a plant? END
START why does a plant move nectar through the xylem? END
START how do some flowers protect themselves from harm? END
START what does a plant use to attract pollinators? END
START pesticides can be used to stop the spread of what dieseases? END
START what sort of pesticides would you find in ponds and lakes? END
START which agency regulates safety of pesticides in the us? END
START which agency regulates safety of pesticides in canada? END
START what activities do mosquitoes make it hard to take part in when they swarm? END
START what can mosquitoes do to water quality? END
START what diseases in the environment are monitored by the epa? END
START in what areas do fleas like to live? END
START what pest is attracted by moldy food or diseased produce left outside? END
START what kind of pesticide is ddt? END
START why have ddts been banned in some areas? END
START is ddt 100% guaranteed to work? END
START how may species have been found to be resistant to ddt? END
START when were 19 new species of mosquito discovered in africa? END
START how long has ddt been banned worldwide? END
START how supportive is africa about ddt being banned? END
START in what year was ddt first invented? END
START when were mosquitoes first discovered to carry malaria? END
START on estimate how many megatonnes of pesticides were used between 2006 and 2007? END
START what amount of conventional pesticide use does the agricultural sector account for? END
START  pesticides contain at least how many ingredients? END
START how maney pesticides are offered for sale in the us? END
START how many pesticide products are sold worldwide? END
START how many active ingredients were in herbicides used in agriculture in 2006? END
START what percentage of pesticides in the us are sold at home and garden centers? END
START how many pounds of pesticide are used by the us government? END
START how much of conventional pesticide use is by the us government? END
START what do monetary savings in crops from the use of pesticide amount to? END
START what amount is spent annualoy on pesticides? END
START how are consumers able to benefit from saved crops? END
START in which area do pesticides creat jobs? END
START how is the health of the general publis affected by pesticides? END
START how much profit is generated by the agrichemical sector in the us each year? END
START how much money is spent each year to fight malaria? END
START in what ways do farmers benefit from the $10 billion spent on preventing malaria each year? END
START farmers make $10 billion per year growing what type of produce? END
START what is the job market like if you want to be a farmer? END
START can pesticides have a serious effect on people? END
START what is one of the most serious effects of exposure to pesticides? END
START what is thought to possibly cause neurobehavioral alterations? END
START what system is mostly affected by non-hodgkin lymphoma? END
START what two things can happen if you are pregnant and being treated for cancer? END
START what problems do hormones produced by cancer cells cause? END
START when was non-hodgkin lymphoma first diagnosed in a patient? END
START what is one thing that can be caused by the use of cosmetics? END
START how many workers in agriculture die a year from severly poisining pesticides in developing countries? END
START what careers put people in danger of being exposed to pesticide poisining? END
START in developing countries, how many workers are exposed to mild pesticide poisining? END
START why are 99% of pesticide related deaths in underdeveloped countries? END
START how many workers are there who are pet groomers, groudskeepers and fumigators world wide? END
START how many people call a fumigator each year due to pests? END
START what percentage of pet groomers always follow safety precautions when using clippers? END
START what three careers are most commonly held in the developing world? END
START what is one reason that pet groomers can perform their job without injury? END
START what pecentage of sprayed pesticides affect the wrong species? END
START what is affected when pesticides don't reach their target? END
START what is it called when pesticides are caught in the wind and carried to unintended areas? END
START pesticides contribute to what sort of pollution? END
START what is the effect of pesticide drift? END
START what are contaminated bugs living in water one of the causes of? END
START what percentage of species are able to live in polluted water? END
START what do animals digging in the soil for food contribute to? END
START what concerns are raised when thinking about animals digging in the soil for food? END
START what percentage of people want to eat organic food? END
START why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted? END
START how are levels of pesticides higher going up the food chain? END
START the movement of pesticides from wawrme to cooler climates is called what? END
START how could pesticides travel over hundreds of miles? END
START how long does an animal store fat when it has a healthy diet? END
START what regions have larger concentrations of marine animals? END
START what group is able to store fat more quickly? END
START in what area do fish-eating birds usually live? END
START how far do fish-eating birds need to fly for a meal? END
START what feature is wanted to assist with reducing negative impacts of pesticides? END
START how else can negative impacts of pesticides be reduced? END
START what is one way by which pesticides lose their efficacy? END
START what may slow pesticide movement? END
START what characteristic is desirable in soil for planting? END
START what makes microbes degrade? END
START what slows down degradation of microbes? END
START what kind of environment is needed to degrade microbes? END
START what slows the movement of microbes? END
START what is one thing that can be used in place of pesticides? END
START what natural product can be used to control pests? END
START why are alternative methods of pest control gaining popularity? END
START what agency has offered acceptance of safer pesticides? END
START what is one non chemical way of dealing with pests? END
START what is recommended by the epa for cultivating a garden to enrich the soil? END
START how well do insects breed in your yard when you use a yard waste bin? END
START how is genetic engineering compared to conventional crop growing methods? END
START what is one thing that the use of pesticides does when used on insects? END
START what chemical is secreted by insects when they are breeding? END
START what does ipm stand for? END
START how can the location and amount of insects be changed? END
START what is one thing that can be used to pull pests? END
START what is the name of the process by which pests are attracted and repelled using ipm.  END
START when was the term semiochemcial stimuli established? END
START what is one thing that makes people want to buy products they don't need? END
START what is easier to grow than normal plants? END
START what was created in 1987 to add to food so they will last longer on the shelf? END
START what do marketers use in commercials to get people to buy their products? END
START how much was sweden able to lower thier pesticide usage? END
START what other country has reduced its pesticide usage? END
START what natural substance has been found to effectively increase crop yields END
START what amount of gain in crops can be contributed to application of composted yard waste? END
START what happened after indonesia cut its pesticide use in half? END
START what happened when they reduced pesticide use by 65% in sweden? END
START how long did it take to see a higher crop yield in sweden when studied? END
START what was the range of yield increases in sweden during the study? END
START what kind of crops were studied in sweden? END
START what is one type of pesticide? END
START how long may it take for persistent pesticides to be broken down? END
START what quality caused ddt to build up in various organisms? END
START what is one way to classify pesticides? END
START what is one characteristic that defines the nature of microbes? END
START how long do microbes live in the soil? END
START what is one way to classify birds? END
START what happens when there are too many microbes in the soil? END
START where do microbes usually come from when in the environment? END
START what are sulfonyureas commonly used for? END
START nicosulfuron, triflusulfuron methyl and chlorsulfuron can be classified as what type of pesticides? END
START the restriction of what enzyme allows broad-spectrum herbicides to kill plants? END
START the amount of material used as a crop protection measure decreased from 1kg/ha in what year to its current 1%? END
START what has acetolactate synthase been used for commercially? END
START what is acetolactate synthase classified as when used on plants? END
START in what year was acetolactate synthase created? END
START how much acetolactate synthase was applied in the 1960's? END
START what was acetolactate synthase used for in the 1960's? END
START is the trade of pesticides and pesticide treated goods limited to the united states? END
START what commitee deals with differences in rules governing the use of pesticides among different countries? END
START when was the international code which governs the distribution and use of pesticides established? END
START how recently were voluntary standards of pesticide regulation updated? END
START when was the un food and agriculture organization founded? END
START why was the un food and agriculture organization created in 1985? END
START when were pesticides first able to be traded across international borders? END
START in what areas do agriculture methods differ? END
START where are agriculture methods traded? END
START what country has attempted to better the controls of pesticide exchanges? END
START what is one agency who is trying to help make the trade of pesticides safer? END
START what is one important thing that should be present when countries are trading with pesticides? END
START are these agencies a requirement in the countries where they exist? END
START what does london want to do about volunteering? END
START what may be implemented to make sure volunteers are aware of informed consent laws? END
START what does london want to create for people who want to be volunteers to follow? END
START how are these agencies involved with the regulation of volunteers? END
START where does the un code alimentarius want to do business regulating volunteers? END
START what is one measure taken to keep society safe from improper pesticide use? END
START what is a choice that users of pesticides can make that will lower risks? END
START what is one country that has sucessfully used ipm? END
START biological and botanical derivatives have what positive effects? END
START who has the ability to make the choice of using less harmful pesticides? END
START what is one country that still uses chemical pesticides heavily? END
START what countries risk the environment by using pesticides often? END
START what has pesticide safety education reduced in australia? END
START what are two classifications of pests in an ecosystem? END
START in what country are ecosystems most at risk from pesticide misuse? END
START what is a measure of pesticides determined in epa studies? END
START who is protected by epa regulations? END
START pesticides are inspected often to make sure they meet up to date safety regulations from what period of time. END
START how often are pesticides produced more recently evaluated for safety? END
START how could someone learn more about how to safely use and handle an unknow pesticide? END
START in what year was the epa established? END
START how many years did it take to pass the fifra act? END
START what are foods assigned to based on the fqpa act passed in 1984? END
START what happens to foods in a toxicity class after 1984? END
START why are foods evaluated after 1984 reassessed? END
START what are pesticides that are thought to be extremely dangerous called? END
START what would qualify someone to use restricted use pesticides? END
START  the epa or other groups who govern pesticide use may inspect what? END
START agencies who regulate the environment exists in what regional capacities? END
START how are some records of sales designated? END
START what keeps some applicators from being for sale to the public? END
START what do government agency employees have to pass to be hired? END
START what is something the public doesn't want the government to do to their finances? END
START what needs to be kept about the sale of applicators? END
START what is the earliest records of humans using pesticides? END
START what was used as a insecticide in the 17th century? END
START what decade did herbicides become common? END
START who can be credited with finding out ddt is useful as an insecticide? END
START what is the source used to exact nicotine sulfate? END
START where was the rig veda written? END
START since before 2000 bc what three toxic chemicals were used to kill pests? END
START what was extracted from tobacco in the 15th century as an insecticide? END
START what was one natural pesticide used in the 17th century? END
START where was pyrethrum extracted from in the 17th century? END
START when were laws first created to regulate pesticides? END
START what might someone knowledgable about the history of pesticides call ther period of the 1940s and 1950s? END
START when did america establish the environmental protection agency? END
START countries which are established use what amount of pesticides? END
START trends about use of pesticides have been published from which country? END
START what were laws first created to regulate in 1940? END
START what did manufacturers produce in large quantities in 1910? END
START what is 1910 considered the start of according to some sources? END
START how much has pesticide use increased by since 1910? END
START how many pesticides were used in 1910? END
START what type of region is somerset END
START what are some areas of somerset county END
START how far back was the county populated  END
START what kings rise did the county play part in  END
START what is the city of bath famous for  END
START in which county was the english civil war primarily fought? END
START which county of england was king alfred the great born in? END
START where did the monmouth rebellion get its start? END
START which county of england is an urban one on a flat plain? END
START king alfred the great ruled over which civilization? END
START what are the people of somerset mentioned in  END
START what archaic name was mentioned in 878  END
START when did the county stop using somersetshire  END
START what was superfluous  END
START people first settled in somerset in what year? END
START in what year was the anglo-saxon chronicle first published? END
START what was the last year the anglo-saxon chronicle was published? END
START in what year did people stop using the term "sumursaetum" for this county? END
START when did people first start referring to it as somersetshire? END
START who invaded britain when the romans left  END
START it took how long for the anglo saxons to control  the somerset area  END
START what was the saxon royal palace used for  END
START what prison does somerset county contain  END
START what rebellion took place in somerset in 1685  END
START in what year did the romans leave britain? END
START in what year did king ine of wessex rise to power? END
START in what century did the norman conquest occur? END
START in what year did the sieges of taunton occur? END
START who led the forces against the rebels in the monmouth rebellion? END
START what ended somersets cottage industry  END
START what flourished in somerset after the industrial revelotuion END
START what industry was important in the late 18th and 19th century of north somerset END
START what did the west somerset mineral way transport  END
START in what year did coal mining begin in somerset? END
START who established the somerset coalfield? END
START how was coal shipped from the somerset coalfield? END
START in what year did the bath and west of england society for the encouragement of agriculture, arts, manufactures and commerce shut down? END
START in what year was the somerset coalfield established? END
START how many somerset soldiers were killed in ww1 END
START how many counties had no casualties in ww1  END
START the county was base for what in ww2 END
START what is the tauton stop line  END
START what was one of the thankful villages? END
START which village suffered the most first world war casualties? END
START how many somerset soldiers died in all in the first world war? END
START how many somerset soldiers did in the second world war? END
START how many pill boxes can still be seen along the coast? END
START why were decoy towns used in ww2 END
START what did the decoy towns mimic  END
START who layed out  beacon batch  END
START what decoy city was hit  END
START how many times was the uphill decoy town bombed on 4 january 1942? END
START who laid out chew magna decoy town? END
START how many dairy cows were killed when the uphill decoy town was bombed? END
START who created the uphill decoy town? END
START where did the pathfinder night bombers usually take off from to bomb somerset? END
START how long have the boundaries of somerset remained constant  END
START what river forms the border of somerset  END
START what did king edward the 3 do  END
START in what year was somerset established? END
START in which county was edward iii born? END
START which county lies east of somerset? END
START in what year did edward iii start his reign? END
START is bristol larger on the gloucester or somerset side of the river avon? END
START when did somerton take over from ilchester as the county town  END
START how many cities and towns in somerset  END
START the largest populations of the county  END
START what was the strategic purpose to settle this area  END
START most southernly town of somerset END
START in which year was taunton established? END
START what is the average altitude of taunton? END
START what is the largest urban area in somerton? END
START what is the most northerly town in somerset? END
START what is the average altitude of axbridge? END
START what area lies in the northeastern part of somerset levels  END
START what area was designated to have outstanding beauty  END
START what is the name of the coal field  END
START what area support dairy farming  END
START how much area does the somerset coalfield cover? END
START how much area does the chew valley cover? END
START what lies to the north-west of the somerset levels? END
START what lies to the east of the mendip hills? END
START what type of trees are prevalent in the chew valley? END
START what's the name of the cave system  END
START name 2 of the county gorges  END
START name some of the county rivers  END
START what did king charles levy on river boats  END
START where does the axe river flow into? END
START which is larger, the cheddar gorge or the ebbor gorge? END
START what is somerset's northernmost river? END
START what is the name of one of somerset's underground rivers? END
START what is somerset's westernmost river? END
START what are the somerset levels  END
START what do the somerset levels consist of  END
START what are the 2 sections of the somerset levels END
START what is the total area of the levels  END
START who started drainage of the somerset levels  END
START how many people live in the sparsely populated somerset levels? END
START what is the total area of the polden hills? END
START how long are the polden hills? END
START what lies east of the somerset levels? END
START how long is the river brue? END
START what are the main coastal towns  END
START what is the name of the natural reserve area  END
START what does the western coastline look like  END
START what is east of weston bay? END
START what is the largest main coastal town? END
START what is the smallest main coastal town? END
START what lies between burnham-on-sea and weston-super-mare? END
START what marks the upper limit of the severn estuary? END
START what is the somerset climate like  END
START the annual sunshine rate of somerset  END
START how many days of snow on average  END
START the average rainfall level of somerset  END
START what is the annual average temperature? END
START what is the mean daily maxima temperature of may? END
START how much snowfall falls in a typical year? END
START what is the mean minimum temperature in november? END
START what county in england is drier than the rest of the country? END
START what is the leading port of somerset  END
START what was manufacture in bridgeport in the 19th and 20th century END
START the good motor system presently allows for  END
START where are aircraft manufactured  END
START what do many towns encourage  END
START what company uses langport as a distribution hub? END
START in what town is crewkerne's ariel motor company based? END
START what was this area's leading port before the industrial revolution? END
START what is one of the uk's biggest car manufacturers? END
START what large company is based in taunton? END
START what is somerset an important supplier of  END
START what type of factory was built in somerset  END
START what other high tech industry is in somerset  END
START what area is home to royal marines  END
START what is yeovilton home to  END
START when was thales underwater systems launched? END
START in what year did avimo become a part of thales optics? END
START  what is one of the high tech companies headquartered in yeovilton? END
START what tech firm can be found in norton fitzwarren? END
START in what year was gooch founded? END
START what area employs 15000 people in the couinty END
START what type of orchids used to be pleantiful  END
START what area is important to the fruit juice industry  END
START what area is pdo  END
START how many people work in the apple orchards? END
START in what town is yeo valley organic based? END
START where is the ilchester cheese company cheese sold? END
START what company is the largest producer of cheese in the uk? END
START which somerset cheeses have earned the west country farmhouse cheddar protected designation of origin? END
START where is willow growing still practiced  END
START what is pollarding  END
START what did plastic bags result in  END
START the somerset level is the only area left  to commercially grow what  END
START in what decade was the willows and wetlands visitor centre established? END
START how many acres of commercial willow growing was there in the 1950s? END
START in what village is the most willow now grown commercially? END
START what is willow mostly used for nowadays? END
START in what decade was glastonbury lake village abandoned? END
START what towns grew around the weaving industry  END
START why did cj clark shoes leave the area  END
START what famous shoe brand was made in somerset  END
START when did c.&j. clark shut down operations in somerset? END
START when were dr. martens shoes no longer made in somerset? END
START what was the second purpose-built factory outlet in the uk? END
START what village outside of street was the first to have one of c.&j. clark's satellite sites? END
START what type of stone was supplied in the county  END
START who promoted the use of stone from the  bath area END
START what are some uses for blue lias END
START what has been supplied by the county since the 1920's  END
START in what century was wells cathedral built? END
START where is blue lias now mined? END
START in what decade was mendip rail built? END
START in what village is foster yeoman headquartered? END
START what are aggregates used for? END
START tourism supports how many people in the county  END
START some of the county attractions are  END
START what does glastonbury have associations with  END
START what type of festival is glastonbury famous for  END
START what type of cheese is the county famous for  END
START how many people visit exmoor national park each month? END
START in what year was the first annual open-air rock festival near pilton? END
START how many people attend the open-air rock festival near pilton each year? END
START how many visit the museum of the fleet air arm each month? END
START in what year was the fleet air arm museum established? END
START what is hinkley point c  END
START what was stop hinkley  END
START what did the european commission review  END
START how did the commission vote turn out  END
START how powerful was the hinkley point a nuclear power station? END
START how many commissioners are on the european commission? END
START how powerful is the hinkley point b nuclear power station? END
START in what year was hinkley point b finish construction? END
START in what year was hinkley point a shut down? END
START what is the population growth rate of somerset county  END
START the unemployment rate of the county  END
START what percentage of the population is economically active  END
START what is the average national population growth since 1991? END
START how much has the uk population grown since 1981? END
START what is the national uk unemployment rate? END
START what is the average people per hectare in the uk? END
START what is the people per hectare in the least populated county in the uk? END
START what percentage of the population is native  END
START the largest ethnic group in somerset county is  END
START tauton bridgewater and yeovil has what concentration of the population END
START how many tourist nights are spent in somerset END
START what is the percentage of chinese people in somerset? END
START how many people live in somerset? END
START what is somerset's most populous city? END
START what proportion of somerset's residents live in taunton? END
START what proportion of the chinese ethnic group live in rural somerset? END
START how many tiers  does somerset county consist of  END
START what are the 5 districts of somerset  END
START what 2 unitary authorities were established in april 1996  END
START for how many years did avon county exist? END
START what was the main city of avon county? END
START how many districts made up avon county? END
START what type of county was avon? END
START how many tiers did avon county have for its form of government? END
START what police force covers the ceremonial county  END
START what fire / rescue squad was formed in 2007  END
START what area does south western ambulance  service cover  END
START what is the name of the charitable air ambulance service  END
START in what year was the south western ambulance service established? END
START in what year was the avon and somerset constabulary formed? END
START what type of organization is the great western ambulance service? END
START what ambulance service covers the north west of england? END
START in what year was the dorset and somerset air ambulance organization formed? END
START where does the glastonbury music festival take place  END
START who holds a literature festival each summer  END
START the annual carnival is held when and where  END
START how many people attend the bath literature festival each year? END
START how many people live in pilton? END
START what is the largest annual music festival in europe? END
START what festival is held in trowbridge? END
START how many people attend the festival of lights each year? END
START what does artharian legend claim about glastonbury END
START what is built in avalon  END
START the episcopal seat of the bishop is now where  END
START where is st greggorys abbey END
START in what year was glastonbury abbey built? END
START in what year was muchelney abbey built? END
START where was woodspring priory? END
START where was muchelney abbey? END
START in what year was saint gregory's abbey built? END
START what some of the museums in bath END
START what are some other attractions  END
START where is the museum of somerset  END
START what is the name of the museum in glastonbury  END
START what is the largest museum in somerset? END
START what is the smallest museum in somerset? END
START what is the most visited museum in somerset? END
START which somerset museum has the most valuable collection? END
START which somerset museum has the most extensive collection? END
START how many listed buildings in somerset  END
START how many monuments on somerset  END
START what is a key type of architecture in somerset  END
START name some historic private houses in the county  END
START what is the most visited park and garden in somerset? END
START what is the biggest part in somerset? END
START what is the most visited national trust site in somerset? END
START what is the largest national trust site in somerset? END
START what is the most valuable national trust site in somerset? END
START where does the rugby team play  END
START the county's first football team is  END
START when did yeovil achieve promotion to the champion league  END
START where are the horse races held  END
START in what year did blackpool acquire a football league club? END
START in what year did horse racing start in wincanton? END
START in what year was the recreating ground in bath established? END
START what is one of the teams the yeovil town have beaten for a fa cup victory? END
START who did yeovil town beat in the 2005 championship game? END
START why was the somerset county canal built  END
START what was in use along the canal  END
START what was never built  END
START what was laid on the path to midford  END
START who purchased the tramway in 1871 END
START who built the somerset coal canal? END
START in what year had it been planned to build a branch to midford? END
START in what year were the several tramways completed? END
START in what year was paulton established? END
START how long were canals used  END
START what was built int the 19th century  END
START how many railways served the county  END
START were any of the railways  electrified  END
START what railways lines are still in use today  END
START where does the great western railway go to from somerset? END
START in what year was the beeching axe? END
START in what year was the dorset joint railway closed? END
START which of these lines are electrified outside of somerset? END
START who now owns the west somerset railway? END
START what  did paddle streamers serve until the 1960's  END
START what was the pier on burnham -on-sea used for  END
START what is the shortest pier in the uk  END
START what was constructed in the 1970's  END
START what pier in somerset could accommodate the biggest ships? END
START what were the piers at barry primarily used for? END
START what is the longest pier in somerset? END
START in what decade was the lundy island pier built? END
START in what decade was the portishead pier closed? END
START what are the  state schools in somerset  END
START what are the 3 tiers of school  END
START how many state and independent secondary  schools in somerset  END
START what is the average class size in somerset independent secondary schools? END
START what is the average class size in somerset state secondary schools? END
START how many schools are in cheddar valley? END
START how many state secondary schools are there in bath? END
START how many private secondary schools are there in north somerset? END
START what schools can trace their origins back  END
START what was the original name of the beechen cliff school END
START in 2006 somerset students performed how well compared to england as a whole  END
START in what year was the blue school established? END
START in what year did richard huish college open its doors? END
START at the blue school what is the percentage of students achieve 5 grades a-c? END
START what 5 grades a-c percentage to they get at city of bath boys' school? END
START how many students attend the richard huish college? END
START what school in bruton was given royal  foundation status  END
START what are some prepatory schools for younger students  END
START what is one of the musical schools  END
START what is a roman catholic school  END
START in what year did edward vi begin his reign? END
START in what year was all hallows established? END
START what age children are taught at monkton combe school? END
START what age children are taught at sidcot school? END
START in what year was monkton combe school founded? END
START what university are in bath  END
START when did the university of bath gain royal charter  END
START bath school of pharmacy founded in  END
START when did bath spa gain university status END
START in what year did the bristol trade school become part of the university of bath? END
START how many students attend the bath teacher training school? END
START in what year was the bath teacher training college established? END
START in what year did the bath school of pharmacy become part of the university of bath? END
START in what year was the bath college of higher education established? END
START when was the collegiate school of saybrook colony founded? END
START when was the collegiate school renamed to yale college? END
START why was the school named yale college? END
START when did yale first incorporate humanities and sciences? END
START when did yale issue the first ph.d in the united states? END
START when was the collegiate school of saybrook colony closed? END
START when wasn't the collegiate school renamed to yale college? END
START why wasn't the school named yale college? END
START when did yale last incorporate humanities and sciences? END
START when did yale issue the last ph.d in the united states? END
START how many schools is yale composed of? END
START how much is yale's endowment worth? END
START how many books are in the yale university library? END
START who runs yale college? END
START where is the main yale campus? END
START how many schools isn't yale composed of? END
START how much isn't yale's endowment worth? END
START how many books are in the yale university labratory? END
START who doesn't run yale college? END
START where is the side yale campus? END
START when was "an act for liberty to erect a collegiate school" approved? END
START who voted on "an act for liberty to erect a collegiate school"? END
START what was the name of the group that started yale's library? END
START why was "an act for liberty to erect a collegiate school" proposed? END
START where did "the founders" go to school? END
START when was "an act for liberty to erect a collegiate school" disapproved? END
START who never voted on "an act for liberty to erect a collegiate school"? END
START what was the name of the group that ended yale's library? END
START why was "an act for liberty to erect a collegiate school" rejected? END
START where didn't "the founders" go to school? END
START where did elihu yale grow up? END
START where was elihu yale born? END
START what was elihu yale's father's name? END
START who suggested the new name of yale? END
START how many books were in the 1714 shipment to yale? END
START where did elihu yale die? END
START where wasn't elihu yale born? END
START what was elihu yale's father's nickname? END
START who suggested the old name of yale? END
START how many books were in the 1741 shipment to yale? END
START when was ezra stiles president of yale? END
START what course did ezra stiles require freshmen to take? END
START when did the british threaten to take over the college? END
START who saved yale from the british raid? END
START what degree was edmund fanning given for his services? END
START when was ezra stiles vice president of yale? END
START what course did ezra stiles require seniors to take? END
START when did the british threaten to destroy the college? END
START who saved yale from the french raid? END
START what degree was edmund fanning stripped of for his services? END
START when did william graham sumner teach? END
START what did william graham sumner teach? END
START why was the yale report established? END
START what were the group of yale professors and ministers attempting to achieve? END
START what changes were the professors and ministers responding to? END
START when did william graham winter teach? END
START what didn't william graham sumner teach? END
START why was the yale report closed? END
START what weren't the group of yale professors and ministers attempting to achieve? END
START what changes weren't the professors and ministers responding to? END
START what was nathan hale famous for? END
START what profession did frederic remington hold? END
START what was the name of the protagonist of "stover at yale"? END
START what turned into the goal of the student body? END
START what were the subjects of frederic remington's paintings? END
START what was nathan hale not famous for? END
START what profession did frederic remington reject? END
START what was the name of the antagonist of "stover at yale"? END
START what turned into the goal of the faculty? END
START what were the obbjects of frederic remington's paintings? END
START in what year was the first debate between harvard, yale, and princeton? END
START when was the first debate between harvard and yale? END
START how were debates shown to the college students? END
START what did members of the debate team get for their service? END
START why do debates not have a distinct winner? END
START in what year was the last debate between harvard, yale, and princeton? END
START when was the last debate between harvard and yale? END
START how were debates shown to the college faculty? END
START what did fans of the debate team get for their service? END
START why do debates have a distinct winner? END
START who attempted to enact measures of football reform? END
START what did the rebellion to the new football measures start? END
START who was president of yale during the rebellion? END
START who represented harvard during the rule changing debates? END
START who represented princeton during the rule changing discussions? END
START who attempted to enact measures of soccer reform? END
START what did the rebellion to the old football measures start? END
START who was vice president of yale during the rebellion? END
START who represented harvard after the rule changing debates? END
START who represented princeton before the rule changing discussions? END
START when was the yale school of medicine established? END
START when was yale divinity school established? END
START when was yale law school created? END
START when was yale graduate schools and arts and sciences established? END
START when was the sheffield scientific school created? END
START when was the yale school of medicine closed? END
START when was yale divinity school closed? END
START when was yale law school closed? END
START when was yale graduate schools and arts and sciences closed? END
START when was the sheffield scientific school closed? END
START when was noah porter president of yale? END
START what idea did noah porter strike down? END
START what did many historians think of noah porter? END
START what was porter's reason for striking down the research university? END
START what caused disagreement about yale's new position? END
START when was noah porter vice president of yale? END
START what idea did noah porter approve? END
START what did no historians think of noah porter? END
START what was porter's reason for approving the research university? END
START what caused agreement about yale's new position? END
START how much did  philanthropic foundations donate between 1925 and 1940? END
START what was the $7 million used for? END
START what was the goal of the behavioral research? END
START who were the behavioral scientists in charge of the research? END
START what animals sexual behavior did yerkes study? END
START how much did philanthropic foundations donate between 1935 and 1940? END
START what was the $6 million used for? END
START what wasn't the goal of the behavioral research? END
START who were the behavioral students in charge of the research? END
START what animals eating behavior did yerkes study? END
START which group of researchers provided a standard research school environment? END
START which groups of researchers provided unorthodox structure for a research group? END
START what was pickford's group lacking to make it more like other research schools? END
START what did hutchinson's group research? END
START what information did hutchinson's model provide? END
START which group of researchers provided a nonstandard research school environment? END
START which groups of researchers provided orthodox structure for a research group? END
START what was pickford's group lacking to make it less like other research schools? END
START what didn't hutchinson's group research? END
START what information didn't hutchinson's model provide? END
START who was dean of yale medical school from 1920 to 1935? END
START what was the driving force behind milton winternitz's research? END
START what teaching style did milton winternitz develop? END
START what is the yale system? END
START what programs did milton winternitz create? END
START who was dean of yale medical school from 1925 to 1935? END
START what wasn't the driving force behind milton winternitz's research? END
START what teaching style did milton winternitz reject? END
START what isn't the yale system? END
START what programs did milton winternitz end? END
START who was the first professor for the american studies program? END
START where did norman holmes pearson work before yale? END
START what did the american studies program hope to instruct? END
START who contributed to the american studies programs at yale and university of wyoming? END
START why did coe donate to american studies programs? END
START who was the last professor for the american studies program? END
START where did norman holmes pearson work after yale? END
START what did the american studies program hope to destruct? END
START who contributed to the canadian studies programs at yale and university of wyoming? END
START why did coe not donate to american studies programs? END
START what sister school of yale's considered merger in 1966? END
START who was the first undergraduate woman at yale? END
START what society did amy solomon enroll in at yale? END
START what year did the first undergraduate class including women graduate from yale? END
START where did undergraduate women live during the first few years of women being allowed to attend yale? END
START what sister school of yale's considered merger in 1996? END
START who was the last undergraduate woman at yale? END
START what society did amy solomon drop out at yale? END
START what year did the last undergraduate class including women graduate from yale? END
START where did undergraduate women live during the last few years of women being allowed to attend yale? END
START what led to yale's grievance board and the yale women's center? END
START when was a title ix complaint filed against yale? END
START what was the name of the magazine of which multiple editors were involved in the title ix complaint? END
START what was the complaint of the editors of broad recognition? END
START what did yale do about the title ix complaint? END
START what led to yale's grievance board and the yale men's center? END
START when was a title x complaint filed against yale? END
START what was the name of the magazine of which multiple editors were involved in the title x complaint? END
START what was the complaint of the writers of broad recognition? END
START what did yale do about the title x complaint? END
START why do new haven city officials dislike yale? END
START which yale president assisted with new haven's revitalization efforts? END
START what has been the effect of yale and new haven's relationship on yale? END
START what has been the effect of yale and new haven's relation on new haven? END
START why do new haven city officials like yale? END
START which yale president rejected the new haven's revitalization efforts? END
START what hasn't been the effect of yale and new haven's relationship on yale? END
START why don't new haven city officials dislike yale? END
START what hasn't been the effect of yale and new haven's relation on new haven? END
START what did the boston globe have to say about yale? END
START which us presidents since the vietnam war have studied at yale? END
START what well known presidential candidates also studied at yale? END
START what non winning major party nominees studied at yale? END
START how many times were yale alumni on a presidential ticket between 1972 and 2004 END
START what didn't the boston globe have to say about yale? END
START what unknown presidential candidates also studied at yale? END
START which us presidents since before the vietnam war have studied at yale? END
START what non winning minor party nominees studied at yale? END
START how many times were yale alumni on a presidential ticket between 1927 and 2004 END
START why did president levin believe there were so many yale alumni presidential candidates? END
START why did richard brodhead believe there were so many yale alumni presidential candidates? END
START why did gaddis smith believe john kerry led yale's political union liberal party? END
START why does cnn believe george w. bush was accepted into yale? END
START what does elisabeth bumiller believe the reasoning behind the amount of political yale alumni is? END
START why did president levin believe there were so few yale alumni presidential candidates? END
START why did richard brodhead believe there were so few yale alumni presidential candidates? END
START why did gaddis smith believe john kerry never led yale's political union liberal party? END
START why does cnn believe george w. bush was rejected from yale? END
START what does elisabeth bumiller believe the reasoning behind the lack of political yale alumni is? END
START in the 1988 election, where did george h. w. bush say michael dukakis's foreign policy was born? END
START how did george h. w. bush describe yale's reputation? END
START how did george h. w. bush describe harvard's reputation? END
START why was howard dean proud of his graduating class? END
START in the 1968 election, where did george h. w. bush say michael dukakis's foreign policy was born? END
START how did george w. bush describe yale's reputation? END
START how did george w. bush describe harvard's reputation? END
START why was howard dean not proud of his graduating class? END
START why was howard dean proud of his non-graduating class? END
START besides yale, what other two locations were chosen by tony blair for the tony blair faith foundation's united states faith and globalization initiative? END
START as of 2009, who is the director of the yale center for the study of globalization? END
START what former presidential candidate teaches a seminar at yale? END
START what is the name of howard dean's class at yale? END
START what college did yale's medical facility team up with? END
START besides yale, what other three locations were chosen by tony blair for the tony blair faith foundation's united states faith and globalization initiative? END
START as of 2008, who is the director of the yale center for the study of globalization? END
START what current presidential candidate teaches a seminar at yale? END
START what isn't the name of howard dean's class at yale? END
START what college didn't yale's medical facility team up with? END
START who was appointed acting president of yale in 1977? END
START where did hanna holborn gray go after yale? END
START in what year did judith rodin become the first female president of an ivy league school? END
START in what year did susan hockfield become president of mit? END
START who became vice chancellor of the university of cambridge in 2002? END
START who was appointed acting president of yale in 1979? END
START where did hanna holborn gray go before yale? END
START in what year did judith rodin become the first male president of an ivy league school? END
START in what year did susan hockfield become president of imt? END
START who became chancellor of the university of cambridge in 2002? END
START what union are the members of the yale university police department a part of? END
START what union do yale security guards belong to? END
START what is the name of the unrecognized union of graduate employees? END
START what union are yale's clerical and technical employees a part of? END
START what union are yale's service and maintenance workers a part of? END
START what union are the members of the yale university police department not a part of? END
START what union don't yale security guards belong to? END
START what is the name of the recognized union of graduate employees? END
START what union aren't yale's clerical and technical employees a part of? END
START what union aren't yale's service and maintenance workers a part of? END
START how many strikes has yale had since 1968? END
START what are the new york times' views on yale's labor tension? END
START what professor was retired in a 2003 labor strike? END
START why was professor david graeber retired during the strike? END
START what adds to the tensions during wage considerations? END
START how many strikes has yale had since 1986? END
START what are the new jersey times' views on yale's labor tension? END
START what professor was retired in a 2013 labor strike? END
START why was professor david graeber hired during the strike? END
START what eases the tensions during wage considerations? END
START where does yale own 500 acres of athletic facilities? END
START what campus did yale buy in 2008? END
START what is the former bayer pharmaceutical campus used for? END
START how many forests does yale own? END
START how big is the largest forest in yale's possession? END
START where does yale own 5000 acres of athletic facilities? END
START what campus did yale buy in 2009? END
START what is the current bayer pharmaceutical campus used for? END
START how many forests doesn't yale own? END
START how big is the smallest forest in yale's possession? END
START who called hillhouse avenue the most beautiful street in america in the 1840's? END
START who listed yale as one of the most beautiful campuses in the united states? END
START what is yale largely known for? END
START when did travel + leisure list yale as one of the most beautiful campuses? END
START who called hillhouse avenue the most beautiful street in america in the 1940's? END
START who listed yale as one of the least beautiful campuses in the united states? END
START what is yale largely unknown for? END
START what is yale lesser known for? END
START when did travel + leisure list yale as one of the least beautiful campuses? END
START who financed a large chunk of the architecture from 1917 to 1931 END
START what do the stone statues on yale's campus depict? END
START what do the decorative friezes on the buildings show? END
START how did james gamble rogers faux age the buildings? END
START how did james gamble rogers faux age the windows? END
START who financed a large chunk of the architecture from 1817 to 1931 END
START what don't the stone statues on yale's campus depict? END
START what don't the decorative friezes on the buildings show? END
START how didn't james gamble rogers really age the buildings? END
START how didn't james gamble rogers faux age the windows? END
START what architects have buildings in the yale old campus? END
START what is the largest residential college? END
START which school was used as the engineering and sciences school until 1956? END
START what are some other terms for the gothic style buildings in the old campus at yale? END
START what architects have buildings in the yale new campus? END
START what is the smallest residential college? END
START what is the largest industrial college? END
START which school was used as the engineering and sciences school until 1965? END
START what are some other terms for the gothic style buildings in the new campus at yale? END
START who created the gateway arch in st. louis? END
START what airport was designed by alumnus eero saarinen? END
START what did alumnus eero saarinen use for inspiration for ingalls rink at yale? END
START what counterpoints yale's gothic towers? END
START of what nationality is alumnus eero saarinen? END
START who destroyed the gateway arch in st. louis? END
START what airport wasn't designed by alumnus eero saarinen? END
START what did alumnus eero saarinen not use for inspiration for ingalls rink at yale? END
START what counterpoints yale's hectic towers? END
START of what nationality isn't alumnus eero saarinen? END
START who creates sustainability practices at yale? END
START by what percent is yale committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions below 1990 levels by the year 2020? END
START how many campus buildings are candidates for leed design and certification? END
START what project is bringing organic food to all of yale's residential college dining areas? END
START what grade did yale get on their sustainable endowments institute's college sustainability report card 2008? END
START who rejects sustainability practices at yale? END
START by what percent is yale committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions below 1990 levels by the year 2030? END
START how many campus buildings are candidates for eled design and certification? END
START what project is bringing inorganic food to all of yale's residential college dining areas? END
START what grade did yale get on their sustainable endowments institute's college sustainability report card 2018? END
START what is another term for some of yale's secret society buildings? END
START who is the interior moulding of the mace and chain building rumored to have belonged to? END
START who was responsible for landscaping the manuscript society building? END
START who was the architect for st. elmo? END
START who was the architect behind the manuscript society building? END
START what is another term for some of yale's public society buildings? END
START who is the exterior moulding of the mace and chain building rumored to have belonged to? END
START who was unresponsible for landscaping the manuscript society building? END
START who wasn't the architect for st. elmo? END
START who wasn't the architect behind the manuscript society building? END
START when were the first campus police formed at yale? END
START who were the the first campus police composed of? END
START why was the campus police established? END
START what other safety measures are available at yale besides campus police? END
START when were the last campus police formed at yale? END
START when were the first campus police fired at yale? END
START who were the the last campus police composed of? END
START why was the campus police disbanded? END
START what other safety measures are unavailable at yale besides campus police? END
START what kind of system is yale's financial aid? END
START how is most financial aid obtained at yale? END
START what was the average need of financial aid at yale for the class of 2017? END
START what percent of students at yale are thought to have no parental help? END
START what was the average debt of student loan borrowers from the class of 2013? END
START what kind of system isn't yale's financial aid? END
START how is least financial aid obtained at yale? END
START what was the average need of financial aid at yale for the class of 2007? END
START what percent of students at yale are thought to have all parental help? END
START what was the average debt of student loan borrowers from the class of 2003? END
START where would one find a collection of historical medical equipment? END
START what library contains the biggest assortment of 18th century british literary works? END
START where can qualified researchers obtain elizabethan folios?  END
START what library has a vast assortment of rare books and manuscripts? END
START where would no one find a collection of historical medical equipment? END
START what library contains the smallest assortment of 18th century british literary works? END
START where can unqualified researchers obtain elizabethan folios? END
START where can qualified researchers lose elizabethan folios? END
START what library has a tiny assortment of rare books and manuscripts? END
START what is the name of the country's first university partnered art museum? END
START how many items are in the yale university art gallery? END
START where is the largest center for british art, uk not included? END
START whose contributions started the yale center for british art? END
START who designed the building for the yale center for british art? END
START what is the name of the country's last university partnered art museum? END
START how many items aren't in the yale university art gallery? END
START where is the smallest center for british art, uk not included? END
START who re-designed the building for the yale center for british art? END
START whose contributions ended the yale center for british art? END
START which of the new critics were staffed at yale? END
START who is known as the father of deconstruction? END
START where did jacques derrida teach from the late 1970's to mid 1980's? END
START which yale staffed labor historian advised other younger labor historians? END
START when was the journal of music theory founded? END
START which of the old critics were staffed at yale? END
START who is known as the mother of deconstruction? END
START where did jacques derrida teach from the late 1970's to mid 1990's? END
START which yale staffed labor historian advised other older labor historians? END
START when wasn't the journal of music theory founded? END
START when was yale's residential college system established? END
START who established yale's residential college system? END
START who runs yale's residential colleges? END
START are there academic programs in yale's residential colleges? END
START who teaches yale's residential college's undergraduate classes? END
START when was yale's residential college system unestablished? END
START who established yale's commercial college system? END
START who runs yale's industrial colleges? END
START are there unacademic programs in yale's residential colleges? END
START who teaches yale's residential college's graduate classes? END
START in what architectural styles were harkness' original colleges? END
START which two residential colleges are of modernist style? END
START what are yale's colleges encircling? END
START who are the yale colleges named after? END
START in what year does the university expect to open two more colleges? END
START in what architectural styles weren't harkness' original colleges? END
START which three residential colleges are of modernist style? END
START what are yale's colleges encircled by? END
START who aren't the yale colleges named after? END
START in what year does the university expect to close two more colleges? END
START who was calhoun college named for? END
START why did people dislike the college being named after john c. calhoun? END
START what title change will be happening to reduce racial tensions? END
START what did president salovey believe would happen if calhoun's name was removed from the college? END
START whose comments increased racial tension in the fall of 2015? END
START who was calhoun college not named for? END
START why did people like the college being named after john c. calhoun? END
START what title change will be happening to increase racial tensions? END
START what did president salovey believe wouldn't happen if calhoun's name was removed from the college? END
START whose comments increased racial tension in the fall of 2016? END
START what is the name of the world's oldest humor magazine? END
START what year was the yale record first published? END
START in what year was the yale daily news established? END
START when was the yale herald established? END
START what is the name of the campus radio station? END
START what is the name of the world's newest humor magazine? END
START what year was the yale record last published? END
START in what year was the yale daily news closed? END
START when was the yale herald closed? END
START what is the name of the campus tv station? END
START what do seniors crush to celebrate graduation? END
START what do they destroy now instead of clay pipes? END
START what statue is it rumored to be good luck to rub? END
START what part of the statue of theodore dwight woolsey is it said to be good luck to rub? END
START what game was created, to later be banned by administration? END
START what do juniors crush to celebrate graduation? END
START what do they destroy now with clay pipes? END
START what statue is it rumored to be bad luck to rub? END
START what part of the statue of theodore dwight woolsey is it said to be bad luck to rub? END
START what game was created, to later be joined by administration? END
START what is the name of the united states' first bowl stadium? END
START what landmarks did the yale bowl influence? END
START what is the name of the world's second largest indoor athletic building? END
START on what day was the richard gilder boathouse established? END
START how much did the richard gilder boathouse cost to construct? END
START what is the name of the united states' last bowl stadium? END
START what landmarks didn't the yale bowl influence? END
START what is the name of the world's second smallest indoor athletic building? END
START on what day was the richard gilder boathouse closed? END
START how much did the richard gilder boathouse cost to destroy? END
START how much did charles b. johnson pledge to yale in 2013? END
START how much did the 1954 class donate for their 50th reunion? END
START who led the 1954 class in their large donation? END
START how much didn't charles b. johnson pledge to yale in 2013? END
START how much did charles b. johnson pledge to yale in 2003? END
START how much did the 1945 class donate for their 50th reunion? END
START how much did the 1954 class donate for their 40th reunion? END
START who led the 1945 class in their large donation? END
START what royalty has attended yale? END
START what italian prime minister attended yale? END
START what mexican president attended yale? END
START who was the father of american football? END
START what time magazine founder attended yale? END
START what royalty hasn't attended yale? END
START what italian prime minister never attended yale? END
START what mexican president never attended yale? END
START who was the mother of american football? END
START what time magazine founder never attended yale? END
START who were the main characters in stover at yale? END
START what f. scott fitzgerald novel is yale a part of? END
START what character in the great gatsby wrote editorials for the yale news? END
START what football playing character in the great gatsby played for yale? END
START who wrote the novel stover at yale? END
START who were the side characters in stover at yale? END
START what f. scott fitzgerald novel is yale not a part of? END
START what character in the great gatsby read editorials for the yale news? END
START what baseball playing character in the great gatsby played for yale? END
START who read the novel stover at yale? END
START what shattered the unity of the catholic church? END
START what are the series of events that ended centuries of prosperity in europe, starting around 1300, known as? END
START in what years was the great famine? END
START which two countries experienced peasant uprisings? END
START what major conflict occurred in europe during the crisis of the late middle ages? END
START what saved the unity of the catholic church? END
START what are the series of events that ended centuries of prosperity in europe, starting around 1400, known as? END
START in what years wasn't the great famine? END
START which two countries never experienced peasant uprisings? END
START what minor conflict occurred in europe during the crisis of the late middle ages? END
START an interest in texts from which two ancient civilizations sparked the italian renaissance? END
START which conflicts brought europeans into contact with arabs prior to the 12th century? END
START which city was captured by the ottoman turks, resulting in the fleeing of scholars to western europe? END
START who captured constantinople? END
START what kind of texts did byzantine scholars take with them when they fled constantinople? END
START an interest in texts from which two modern civilizations sparked the italian renaissance? END
START which conflicts brought europeans into contact with arabs prior to the 11th century? END
START which city was captured by the ottoman turks, resulting in the fleeing of scholars to eastern europe? END
START who released constantinople? END
START what kind of texts didn't byzantine scholars take with them when they fled constantinople? END
START which invention resulted in more widespread use of the printed word? END
START in what year did constantinople fall? END
START in what year did vasco da gama sail around india and africa? END
START in what year was columbus' expedition to the americas? END
START the protestant reformation is attributed to what two developments that resulted from the invention of printing? END
START which invention resulted in less widespread use of the printed word? END
START in what year did constantinople rise? END
START in what year did vasco da gama sail through india and africa? END
START in what year was columbus' expedition to the africas? END
START the protestant reformation isn't attributed to what two developments that resulted from the invention of printing? END
START along with the late middle ages, what are the other two period of the middle ages? END
START when was leonardo bruni's "history of the florentine people" published? END
START what is the name for the division of the periods of history introduced by bruni? END
START who was the author of "decades of history from the deterioration of the roman empire END
START what 1683 work resulted in the standard use of tripartite periodization? END
START along with the late middle ages, what are the other three period of the middle ages? END
START when was leonardo bruni's "history of the florentine people" unpublished? END
START what isn't the name for the division of the periods of history introduced by bruni? END
START who was the reader of "decades of history from the deterioration of the roman empire END
START what 1863 work resulted in the standard use of tripartite periodization? END
START what methods, applied to the study of history, led to the perception of the middle ages as a time of recession and crisis? END
START which author popularized a pessimistic view of the late middle ages in his 1919 book? END
START what was the title of huizinga's 1919 book on the middle ages? END
START which countries were the focus of huizinga's research? END
START what was the nationality of historian henri pirenne? END
START what methods, applied to the study of chemistry, led to the perception of the middle ages as a time of recession and crisis? END
START which author popularized a pessimistic view of the late middle ages in his 1991 book? END
START what was the title of huizinga's 1819 book on the middle ages? END
START which countries weren't the focus of huizinga's research? END
START what wasn't the nationality of historian henri pirenne? END
START what geopolitical entity emerged from the late middle ages? END
START which mountain range is seen as a dividing line when considering conditions during the middle ages? END
START the renaissance is generally used to describe developments in what areas of life in the middle ages? END
START which centuries are considered to be part of the late middle ages? END
START what was the general effect of the late middle ages on religion? END
START what geopolitical entity faded from the late middle ages? END
START which mountain range isn't seen as a dividing line when considering conditions during the middle ages? END
START the renaissance is never used to describe developments in what areas of life in the middle ages? END
START which centuries are considered not to be part of the late middle ages? END
START what was the general effect of the late middle ages on science? END
START when was the kalmar union formed? END
START which danish king was responsible for the stockholm bloodbath? END
START in what year did sweden break away from the kalmar union? END
START denmark and norway remained in the kalmar union until what year? END
START in what year did the stockholm bloodbath take place? END
START when wasn't the kalmar union formed? END
START which amish king was responsible for the stockholm bloodbath? END
START in what year did finland break away from the kalmar union? END
START denmark and norway left in the kalmar union until what year? END
START in what year didn't the stockholm bloodbath take place? END
START in what year was the holy roman empire dissolved? END
START in what year did a golden bull make the king of bohemia first among the imperial electors? END
START the hanseatic league was what type of institution? END
START in 1438, control of the holy roman empire passed to what dynasty? END
START in what year was the holy roman empire saved? END
START in what year did a silver bull make the king of bohemia first among the imperial electors? END
START in what year did a golden bull make the king of bohemia last among the imperial electors? END
START the hanseatic league wasn't what type of institution? END
START in 1483, control of the holy roman empire passed to what dynasty? END
START in what year did louis die? END
START who did louis name as his heir? END
START how old was sigismund of luxemburg when he was named heir? END
START upon taking the throne of hungary where did sigismund establish his court? END
START what was the result of the hungarian nobility's refusal to accept sigismund claim as louis' heir? END
START in what year did louis live? END
START who didn't louis name as his heir? END
START how old was sigismund of luxemburg when he wasn't named heir? END
START upon taking the throne of hungary where didn't sigismund establish his court? END
START what was the result of the hungarian nobility's honor to accept sigismund claim as louis' heir? END
START in what year did belgrade fall to the ottomans? END
START who led led the serbian army at the battle of kosovo? END
START in what year was the battle of kosovo? END
START what event resulted in the triumph of serbia over bulgaria in 1330? END
START which country was conquered by the ottomans in 1479? END
START in what year didn't belgrade fall to the ottomans? END
START who never led the serbian army at the battle of kosovo? END
START in what year wasn't the battle of kosovo? END
START what event resulted in the triumph of serbia over bulgaria in 1303? END
START which country wasn't conquered by the ottomans in 1479? END
START what city was the seat of the papacy for most of the 14th century? END
START in what year did the papacy return to rome? END
START what 14th century conflict resulted in the division of southern italy into two kingdoms? END
START what were the names of the two kingdoms into which southern italy was divided? END
START in what year were the two southern italian kingdoms re-united? END
START what city was the seat of the papacy for most of the 13th century? END
START in what year didn't the papacy return to rome? END
START what 13th century conflict resulted in the division of southern italy into two kingdoms? END
START what were the names of the two kingdoms into which northern italy was divided? END
START in what year were the two southern italian kingdoms separated? END
START in what year were isabel i and ferdinand ii married? END
START when was modern-day spain created? END
START the capture of which city finalized the reconquista? END
START which explorer discovered a sea-route to india? END
START in what year did christopher columbus discover the americas? END
START in what year were isabel ii and ferdinand ii married? END
START when was ancient-day spain created? END
START the release of which city finalized the reconquista? END
START which explorer ignored a sea-route to india? END
START in what year did christopher columbus miss the americas? END
START which climactic epoch followed the medieval warm period? END
START what was the high end of the estimated death rate of the black plague? END
START what major conflict rocked france during the 13th and 14th centuries? END
START when did the medieval warm period end? END
START what was the effect of the little ice age? END
START which climactic epoch followed the medieval cold period? END
START what was the low end of the known death rate of the black plague? END
START what wasn't the effect of the little ice age? END
START what major conflict rocked france during the 12th and 13th centuries? END
START when did the medieval warm period start? END
START when did the french jacquerie take place? END
START what english law was enacted in order to forcibly reduce wages? END
START in what year was the statute of laborers enacted? END
START in what year did the english peasants' revolt occur? END
START which economic system was ultimately ended by the upheavals of the 14th century? END
START when didn't the french jacquerie take place? END
START what english law was scrapped in order to forcibly reduce wages? END
START in what year was the statute of laborers rejected? END
START in what year didn't the english peasants' revolt occur? END
START which economic system was ultimately started by the upheavals of the 14th century? END
START which european cities likely had populations greater than 100,000 in 1500? END
START how many other cities had populations larger than 40,000 by 1500? END
START what event decimated urban populations in the 14th century? END
START which english city had a population greater than 40,000 in 1500? END
START which european cities likely had populations greater than 1,000,000 in 1500? END
START which european cities likely had populations less than 100,000 in 1500? END
START how many other cities had populations larger than 40,000 by 1600? END
START what event decimated urban populations in the 13th century? END
START which english city had a population greater than 40,000 in 1600? END
START which conflict in france resulted in the establishment of permanent armies? END
START the use of paid mercenaries and domestic retinues replaced which method of raising troops? END
START which soldiers were in high demand under the mercenary system? END
START which english king is associated with the use of mercenaries in the 14th century? END
START which conflict in france resulted in the abolishment of permanent armies? END
START the use of paid mercenaries and international retinues replaced which method of raising troops? END
START which soldiers were in low demand under the mercenary system? END
START which soldiers were in high demand under the judicial system? END
START which english king is associated with the use of mercenaries in the 13th century? END
START what was the chivalric order established by edward iii in 1348? END
START who founded the order of st. george? END
START in what year was the order of st. george founded? END
START what was the code of conduct of the military orders called? END
START in what year was the order of the garter established? END
START what was the chivalric order established by edward iii in 1438? END
START who co-founded the order of st. george? END
START in what year was the order of st. george disbanded? END
START what wasn't the code of conduct of the military orders called? END
START in what year was the order of the garter destroyed? END
START what was the result of the election of two popes at the same time? END
START where was the holy see transferred to in 1309? END
START in what year did the pope return to rome from avignon? END
START what was the time frame of the papal schism? END
START who were the supporters of the avignon papacy? END
START what was the result of the election of three popes at the same time? END
START where was the holy see transferred to in 1039? END
START in what year didn't the pope return to rome from avignon? END
START what wasn't the time frame of the papal schism? END
START who were the rejecters of the avignon papacy? END
START which oxford professor believed that the bible should be the sole authority in religious questions? END
START what were jon wycliffe's supporters called? END
START what was the event that ended religious unity in the western church? END
START which catholic practices did wycliffe speak out against? END
START who was one of the english aristocrats who supported the lollard movement? END
START which oxford professor believed that the bible shouldn't be the sole authority in religious questions? END
START what were jon wycliffe's supporters not called? END
START what wasn't the event that ended religious unity in the western church? END
START which catholic practices did wycliffe speak out for? END
START who was one of the english aristocrats who never supported the lollard movement? END
START in what year was jan hus burned at the stake? END
START who did richard ii of england marry? END
START whose teachings did jan hus base his own on? END
START what were the followers of jan hus called? END
START what conflict resulted from death of jan hus? END
START in what year was jan hus saved at the stake? END
START who did richard i of england marry? END
START whose teachings did jan hus not base his own on? END
START what weren't the followers of jan hus called? END
START what conflict resulted from birth of jan hus? END
START into what language did martin luther translate the bible? END
START what did martin luther post on the castle church of wittenberg? END
START in what year did martin luther post his 95 theses? END
START what was martin luther's response when challenged to recant his heresy? END
START who acted as protector to martin luther when he was under the ban of the empire? END
START into what language didn't martin luther translate the bible? END
START what didn't martin luther post on the castle church of wittenberg? END
START in what year did martin luther post his 59 theses? END
START what wasn't martin luther's response when challenged to recant his heresy? END
START who acted as protector to martin luther when he wasn't under the ban of the empire? END
START what new form of accounting was created during the late 13th and early 14th centuries? END
START in which country did the so-called 'commercial revolution' primarily take place? END
START what was the main benefit of the creation of new forms of partnerships during the commercial revolution? END
START laws against what lending practice were addressed by the creation of bills of exchange? END
START what were the benefits of the new system of double-entry bookkeeping? END
START what old form of accounting was created during the late 13th and early 14th centuries? END
START in which country did the so-called 'commercial revolution' never take place? END
START what was the main benefit of the creation of old forms of partnerships during the commercial revolution? END
START laws against what lending practice weren't addressed by the creation of bills of exchange? END
START what were the benefits of the new system of single-entry bookkeeping? END
START what privilege was granted to companies on a national level? END
START which families financed the wars of kings? END
START which economic associations gained power in the towns? END
START where was jacques couer from? END
START what privilege wasn't granted to companies on a national level? END
START what privilege was granted to companies on a international level? END
START which families never financed the wars of kings? END
START which economic associations lost power in the towns? END
START where wasn't jacques couer from? END
START what caused the decrease in commerce and production in the 14th century? END
START what is the alternative to the theory that the renaissance was a time of great opulence? END
START what type of evidence is too incomplete for a decision to be made between the two theories of the renaissance? END
START what is posited as the cause of increased artistic output during the renaissance? END
START what caused the increase in commerce and production in the 14th century? END
START what is the alternative to the theory that the renaissance wasn't a time of great opulence? END
START what is the alternative to the theory that the renaissance was a time of no opulence? END
START what type of evidence is too complete for a decision to be made between the two theories of the renaissance? END
START what is posited as the cause of decreased artistic output during the renaissance? END
START which philosophy attempted to reconcile aristotelian teachings and christian theology in the 13th century? END
START where was the condemnation of 1277 enacted? END
START which philosopher believed that reason and faith were to be kept separate? END
START what is the common name for william of ockham's principle of parsimony? END
START on what types of ideas did the condemnation of 1277 place restrictions? END
START which philosophy attempted to reconcile aristotelian teachings and christian theology in the 12th century? END
START where was the condemnation of 1727 enacted? END
START which philosopher believed that reason and faith were to be kept together? END
START what is the uncommon name for william of ockham's principle of parsimony? END
START on what types of ideas did the condemnation of 1272 place restrictions? END
START what did jean buridan create to explain the motion of projectiles? END
START what school of scientific thought was challenged by jean buridan and nicole oresme? END
START what scientist is most associated with the heliocentric worldview? END
START which scholars made great advances in the theories of motion? END
START buridan's theory of impetus led to what modern concept? END
START what didn't jean buridan create to explain the motion of projectiles? END
START what did jean buridan destroy to explain the motion of projectiles? END
START what school of scientific thought was accepted by jean buridan and nicole oresme? END
START what scientist is least associated with the heliocentric worldview? END
START which scholars made no advances in the theories of motion? END
START who invented the movable printing press? END
START what religious movement was spurred by the invention of the printing press? END
START which inventions of the period had a great impact on everyday life? END
START which invention with military applications helped bring about the nation state? END
START advances in what construction trade helped to increase global navigation? END
START who invented the stationary printing press? END
START what religious movement was halted by the invention of the printing press? END
START which inventions of the period had no impact on everyday life? END
START which invention with no military applications helped bring about the nation state? END
START advances in what construction trade helped to decrease global navigation? END
START who championed the scientific study of anatomy for the benefit of art? END
START which artistic principle was innovated by brunelleschi? END
START along with da vinci, who were two other artists regarded as masters of the high renaissance? END
START what was achieved though the use of the scientific study of anatomy in the field of art? END
START what did donatello study that inspired sculptures? END
START who rejected the scientific study of anatomy for the benefit of art? END
START which artistic principle was renovated by brunelleschi? END
START along with da vinci, who weren't two other artists regarded as masters of the high renaissance? END
START what wasn't achieved though the use of the scientific study of anatomy in the field of art? END
START what didn't donatello study that inspired sculptures? END
START what was the focus of paintings in italy? END
START where was the focus of paintings on textures and surfaces? END
START what painter was an early champion of oil as a medium in painting? END
START jan van eyck's paintings are known for what characteristics? END
START what wasn't the focus of paintings in italy? END
START where wasn't the focus of paintings on textures and surfaces? END
START what painter was a late champion of oil as a medium in painting? END
START what painter wasn't an early champion of oil as a medium in painting? END
START jan van eyck's paintings are unknown for what characteristics? END
START who wrote the divine comedy? END
START in what languages did dante and boccaccio create their works? END
START which dialect became the norm for the modern italian language? END
START what is one of boccaccio's works that helped promote the italian language? END
START whose work, canzoniere, is considered to be the first example of modern lyric poetry? END
START who didn't wrote the divine comedy? END
START in what languages didn't dante and boccaccio create their works? END
START which dialect became the norm for the ancient italian language? END
START what is one of boccaccio's works that helped demote the italian language? END
START whose work, canzoniere, is considered to be the last example of modern lyric poetry? END
START what was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century? END
START what style of sacred musical form emerged in the 1330s? END
START polyphony was common in the secular music of which french region? END
START what is the term for the four subjects that comprised the liberal arts in medieval universities? END
START what was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 12th century? END
START what was the nondominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century? END
START what style of sacred musical form emerged in the 1320s? END
START polyphony was uncommon in the secular music of which french region? END
START what isn't the term for the four subjects that comprised the liberal arts in medieval universities? END
START who introduced a system of musical notation used in the balkans in the 14th century? END
START what was the name of the new musical style introduced in the late middle ages? END
START which musical style did ars nova replace in the 14th century? END
START who were the leading composers of the trecento period? END
START kukuzelis reformed the music of which religion? END
START who introduced a system of nonmusical notation used in the balkans in the 14th century? END
START what was the name of the old musical style introduced in the late middle ages? END
START which musical style did ars nova replace in the 13th century? END
START who were the nonleading composers of the trecento period? END
START kukuzelis kept the music of which religion? END
START what is the most famous morality play from the medieval period? END
START which dramatic form was created around 1400? END
START what goes to the grave with everyman in the morality play? END
START which morality play depicted mankind's progress from birth to death? END
START in the morality play, who summoned everyman? END
START what is the least famous morality play from the medieval period? END
START which dramatic form was created around 1300? END
START what goes to the store with everyman in the morality play? END
START which morality play depicted mankind's progress from birth to mid-life? END
START in the morality play, who never summoned everyman? END
START which late middle age english kings kept their own troupes of professional actors? END
START who performed the seasonal christmas plays? END
START in what year did henry viii establish an office of revels? END
START what did henry viii build in 1545 for the benefit of the theatrical arts? END
START in what part of a nobleman's house were plays performed? END
START which early middle age english kings kept their own troupes of professional actors? END
START who performed the seasonal non-christmas plays? END
START in what year did henry vii establish an office of revels? END
START what did henry viii build in 1554 for the benefit of the theatrical arts? END
START in what part of a nobleman's house weren't plays performed? END
START what was banned that led to the demise of medieval drama? END
START in what year did elizabeth i ban religious plays? END
START in what year were religious plays banned in the netherlands? END
START what types of subjects did dramatists turn to when religious plays were banned? END
START where were religious plays banned in 1548? END
START what wasn't banned that led to the demise of medieval drama? END
START in what year did elizabeth ii ban religious plays? END
START in what year weren't religious plays banned in the netherlands? END
START what types of subjects didn't dramatists turn to when religious plays were banned? END
START where were religious plays banned in 1584? END
START along with the invention of printing, and the associated dissemination of the printed word, what other factor is believed to have led to the protestant reformation? END
START which continents did vasco da gama circumnavigate in 1498? END
START what effect did the discoveries of columbus and da gama have on european nations? END
START what historical era is viewed as a bridge between the middle ages and the modern era? END
START what was discovered as the result of both columbus' and da gama's voyages? END
START along with the invention of printing, and the associated dissemination of the printed word, what other factor is not believed to have led to the protestant reformation? END
START which continents did vasco da gama circumnavigate in 1489? END
START what effect didn't the discoveries of columbus and da gama have on european nations? END
START what historical era isn't viewed as a bridge between the middle ages and the modern era? END
START what wasn't discovered as the result of both columbus' and da gama's voyages? END
START which empire completed its conquest of the byzantines at the end of the 15th century? END
START in what year did the battle of varna take place? END
START which hungarian ruler was killed at the battle of varna? END
START who was appointed regent-governor of the kingdom of hungary in 1446? END
START who gave the title of champion of christ to john hyundai? END
START which empire completed its conquest of the byzantines at the end of the 14th century? END
START in what year didn't the battle of varna take place? END
START which hungarian ruler was saved at the battle of varna? END
START who was appointed regent-governor of the kingdom of hungary in 1464? END
START who gave the title of champion of christ to sean hyundai? END
START which franciscan monk motivated the peasants to fight against muslims at the siege of belgrade? END
START in what year was the siege of belgrade fought? END
START who did the hungarian nobility elect as king of hungary? END
START which country did saint francis of capistrano come from? END
START when john hunyadi died, which province was left in chaos? END
START which franciscan monk motivated the peasants to fight for muslims at the siege of belgrade? END
START in what year wasn't the siege of belgrade fought? END
START who didn't the hungarian nobility elect as king of hungary? END
START which country didn't saint francis of capistrano come from? END
START when john hunyadi died, which province was left in peace? END
START how did louis ii of hungary die? END
START who was the leader of the hungarian army at the battle of mohács? END
START in what years did matthias corvinus reign as king of hungary? END
START who did matthias defeat to conquer bohemia? END
START who opposed the hungarian army at the battle of mohács? END
START how did louis xii of hungary die? END
START who wasn't the leader of the hungarian army at the battle of mohács? END
START in what years didn't matthias corvinus reign as king of hungary? END
START who did matthias lose to conquer bohemia? END
START who supported the hungarian army at the battle of mohács? END
START historians from what country in particular do not refer to the late middle ages? END
START what provided developmental continuity between the ancient and modern ages? END
START what period do italian historians believe came immediately after the high period of the middle ages? END
START what do many scholars regard the late middle ages as the beginning of? END
START historians from what country in particular do not refer to the early middle ages? END
START what never provided developmental continuity between the ancient and modern ages? END
START what period do italian historians not believe came immediately after the high period of the middle ages? END
START what period do italian historians believe came immediately after the low period of the middle ages? END
START what do many scholars regard the late middle ages as the end of? END
START when was ann arbor founded? END
START which university moved from detroit to ann arbor in 1837? END
START during  the 1960's & 70's, ann arbor gained a reputation for what? END
START which type of tree is associated with the city ann arbor's name? END
START what college moved to ann arbor in 1873? END
START what michigan city was founded in 1842? END
START during the 1950's and 60's, ann arbor gained a reputation for what? END
START who founded ann arbor? END
START what was the profession of the founders of ann arbor? END
START which tribe named the settlement as kaw-goosh-kaw-nick? END
START for how much money did the founders purchase the land from the federal government? END
START what were the names of the founders wives? END
START ann arbor was registered with wayne county on may 24th of what year? END
START who founded ann arbor in 1842? END
START what name did the ojibwa give the settlement because of the sound of rumsey's sawmill? END
START how much did the founder's wives pay for the settlement? END
START how many acres did the founders buy at $1.52 per acre? END
START ann arbor has been linked with which university? END
START which town became the regional transport hub in 1878? END
START who were the early settlers of ann arbor? END
START in which year was ann arbor chartered as a city? END
START in 1916, what was the name of the synagogue that was establish? END
START what railroad arrived in 1893? END
START in 1887 a north-south railway connected ann arbor to what ohio city? END
START in 1815, what was ann arbor chartered as? END
START what was the name of the synagogue founded in 1961? END
START what city became a regional transport hub in 1878? END
START when was the thomas more law center established? END
START what was the thomas more law group? END
START during the early & mid 70's, which party won the city council seats? END
START ann arbor was a hub for supporting what war? END
START in 1956, ann arbor was home to the first u.s. teach-in against what war? END
START in 1976 what religious group was founded? END
START in what decades was ann arbor an important center for conservative politics? END
START which magazine listed ann arbor as one of the most liveable cities in the usa? END
START for the past few years, what effects has the city ann arbor grappled with? END
START what plan did the city voters approve in 2003? END
START what kind of plan did voters approve on november 4, 2300? END
START what year was ann arbor listed 27th by forbes? END
START what year was ann arbor listed as one of the most liveable cities by cnnmoney.com? END
START on which river is the city of ann arbor situated? END
START what is the landscape of ann arbor like? END
START what is the name of the city's airport? END
START ann arbor is 56 miles west of what michigan city? END
START what airport has an elevation of 893 feet? END
START what river has an elevation of 570 feet? END
START what side of the city has elevation of 1,510 feet? END
START the highest parts of the city are along what river? END
START what is the city of ann arbor nicknamed as? END
START how many parks are there in the city of ann arbor? END
START what is the name of the arboretum owned by the university of michigan? END
START how big is the matthaei botanical garden? END
START what pest has destroyed many of the 15,000 ash trees? END
START what arboretum is situated on 132 acres? END
START what city has 175 municipal parks? END
START what arboretum is owned by the university hospital? END
START what is the name of the gardens that contains 30 acres of gardens? END
START which district has the farmers market in the city? END
START which districts compose mostly of 2-4 story structures? END
START which area in the city contains 19th&20th century as well as modern structures? END
START which area in the city is composed mostly of two-to-three story buildings? END
START what mall is north of downtown ann arbor? END
START what stadium is on the east side of ann arbor? END
START the farmers market is in what west side district? END
START which century does the kit houses belong to? END
START who primarily occupies the complexes surrounding the university? END
START which is the tallest building in ann arbor? END
START when was the city listed on the national register of historic places? END
START what 62-story condominium is the tallest building in ann arbor? END
START in 1927, the old west side neighborhood was placed on what list? END
START kit houses were built late in what century? END
START what 62-story condominium is located between the university of michigan campus and downtown? END
START how many seasons are experienced in the city of ann arbor? END
START when is the precipitation highest in ann arbor? END
START what is the average snowfall for the city? END
START what month has an average daily temperature of 72.6 celsius? END
START what was the lowest recorded temperature on 11 february 1858? END
START what was the highest recorded temperature on 24 july 1943? END
START what kind of weather is most frequent during summer? END
START what month has an average daily temperature of 24.5 celsius? END
START what is the population density of the city? END
START what percentage makes up for the whites living in the city? END
START which parts of the city of detroit are densely populated? END
START during what census were there 21,407 families residing in the city? END
START what inner-ring suburbs were less densely populated than ann arbor? END
START what outer-ring suburbs were more densely populated than ann arbor? END
START the white makeup of the city was 37.0% white during which u.s. census? END
START what is the average household size in the city of ann arbor? END
START what is the average family size in the city of ann arbor? END
START what is the median age for the city of ann arbor? END
START in what year was the average family size was 2.22?  END
START what age group did 9.7% of the population fall into? END
START what age group did 13.7% of the population fall into? END
START in what year was the median age 82 years old? END
START when was 87.3% of the population married couples? END
START name some automobile manufacturers in the city of ann arbor END
START what is the employee count of the university of michigan? END
START nam the major components for the city's growth. END
START what university employs about 30,000 workers in the medical center? END
START what university employs about 12,000 workers? END
START who are the automobile manufacturers that are the major components of the city's economy? END
START what are the four major components of the city's economy? END
START which company manufactured cameras in ann arbor from 1936 to 1960's? END
START which network company opened up in 2008 providing security, storage & networking? END
START international radio introduced which mass produced product from the city of ann arbor? END
START what radio was mass produced in 1913? END
START what camera company started manufacturing cameras in ann arbor in 1963? END
START what year was the first pocket radio (the kadette) made in? END
START in what decade was the ann arbor ambassador manufactured  by barracuda networks? END
START which company's adwords program is headquartered at ann arbor? END
START name some website or media companies located in ann arbor. END
START what company is merit network? END
START on december 13, 2012 what was the total market vacancy rate? END
START what year did the flex vacancy rate drop to 15.20%? END
START what year was the office vacancy rate 12.80%? END
START what year was the flex vacancy rate at 16.05%? END
START what city is home to the headquarters of zattoo's adwords program? END
START who is the city's 2nd largest employer? END
START which non-profit non-governmental organization is located in ann arbor? END
START how many researchers does the university of michigan expect to hire? END
START what pharmaceutical company was ann arbor's largest employer? END
START what company announced it would close operations by the end of 2007? END
START what month in 2007 did the university of michigan board of regents approve the purchase of the facilities? END
START who automobile manufactures has a fuel emissions laboratory in ann arbor? END
START when did the borders books open up in ann arbor? END
START who opened the borders books store in ann arbor? END
START which pizza chain is headquartered at ann arbor? END
START which company was the world's largest privately held ink manufacturer till 2005? END
START avfuel, a global supplier of what services is headquartered in ann arbor? END
START what book store opened in 1917? END
START what pizza chain has their headquarters located on a 217 acre complex? END
START what is the name of the complex located on 217 acres just northeast of the city? END
START what is the world's largest privately held ink manufacturer? END
START what bookstore was started by tom and lois borders? END
START when was the university musical society founded? END
START how many events does the university musical society present in a year? END
START when was the ann arbor civic ballet established? END
START name michigan's first civic chartered company. END
START what society was found in 1897 in ann arbor? END
START what ballet company was established in 1945? END
START what organization presents over 6 events each year? END
START what civic theatre is associated with the university? END
START what is the name of the yearly event featuring shakespeare that started in 2011? END
START which museum is located at ann arbors historic downtown fire station? END
START ann arbor ranks 1st among what goods sold? END
START which presidential library is located in ann arbor? END
START what museum is located in a renovated historic downtown police station? END
START how many branch outlets does the gerald r. ford presidential library have? END
START what kind of business is notably found in the downtown area? END
START where does ann arbor rank among u.s. cities in the number of restaurants per capita? END
START what type of art fairs are held at ann arbor? END
START what is the name of the film festival held at ann arbor? END
START how many submissions does the ann arbor film festival receive? END
START what festival receives more than 5,200 submissions annually? END
START what month is the ann arbor film festival held during the second week? END
START what event draws upward of half a billion visitors? END
START what week in march is the ann arbor art fairs held? END
START what week in july is the ann arbor film festival held? END
START what medical dispensarys are there in ann arbor? END
START what are the medical marijuana dispensaries called in the city? END
START what annual event is held on the 1st saturday of april? END
START what was legal to smoke on the university of michigan property/ END
START what drug are a large number of residents against? END
START what dispensary was forced by zoning to move one mile to the east? END
START what stadium is people's co-op currently across the street from? END
START who is the member of the big ten conference in college sports in the city? END
START which is the largest american football stadium in the world? END
START what is the michigan stadium called colloquially? END
START what stadium was completed in 1972? END
START ice hockey is played at what center? END
START what stadium cost more than $590,000 to build? END
START what conference is concordia university a member of? END
START what is the nickname of crisler center? END
START what is a person from ann arbor called? END
START in recent years what has ann arbor become? END
START which city is referred to as the "people's republic of ann arbor"? END
START what city is known as 52 square miles surrounded by reality? END
START what phrase did wisconsin governor lee dreyfus use to describe ann arbor? END
START what does the academic degree mi stand for? END
START what do they sometimes refer to ann arbor as because of the city's conservative political leanings? END
START what form of government does ann arbor have? END
START how many voting members are there in the city- council? END
START how many terms does the mayor of the city serve? END
START who is elected every even numbered year? END
START how many council members are elected for the city's ward? END
START who is the current republican mayor of ann arbor? END
START what administrator manages day to day operations and is chosen by the mayor? END
START who was chosen mayor in the last odd numbered year? END
START who represents the congress in ann arbor? END
START on a state level the city is part of which district number? END
START who represents the city in michigan senate? END
START what city is represented in the 21st congressional district? END
START what is the 35th district comprised of? END
START who represents the 25th district? END
START who represents the 81st district? END
START who represents the 21st district? END
START voters in the city approve which kind of amendment? END
START what kind of politics have been strong in the municipal government? END
START ann arbor became the 1st city in the us to what type of voting in the mayoral race? END
START what charter amendment was approved in 1947? END
START who was the first openly homosexual to win office in 1947? END
START what kind of voting did ann arbor use in 1957? END
START what process was repealed in 1967 after use in only one election? END
START who is the representative for ann arbor in the 21st congressional district? END
START name a private business school located in ann arbor. END
START who founded domino's pizza? END
START which school acquired the former ave maria building after a roman catholic school moved from there? END
START what law school moved to florida in 2000? END
START what lutheran school did tom monaghan found? END
START what law school acquired the former ave maria buildings in 2000? END
START what community college is located in ann arbor? END
START what private business school is in ann arbor township? END
START ann arbor has one of the leading programs in what subject? END
START what program is open to the residents of ann arbor? END
START in 2008, how many were enrolled in public schools? END
START what year did ann arbor public schools have 12 elementary schools? END
START in what year was 16,935 students enrolled in the ann arbor public schools? END
START what high school operates in the former mack school? END
START is forsythe a traditional or alternative high school? END
START what kind of high school is forsythe? END
START who owns ann arbor news? END
START when did the ann arbor news end its print? END
START which was the only city in the us to loose its only daily paper? END
START what newspaper ran for 147 years? END
START what online newspaper stopped printing in 2009? END
START what newspaper covered local news until september 13, 2014? END
START when did the ann arbor paper start a limited print publication? END
START what magazine covers ann arbor's local businesses? END
START which automobile magazines are based from ann arbor? END
START which university magazine reports local, state & regional issues in addition to campus news? END
START what automobile magazines are run by the university of michigan? END
START what political student newspaper is run by the university of michigan? END
START which university magazine is a free entertainment magazine? END
START which university magazine is a free monthly local magazine? END
START what is the name of the conservative am radio channel in ann arbor? END
START what is the name of the city's fm radio channel? END
START what is the name of the local free community college radio? END
START what fm station is known as catholic radio? END
START what fm station is a sports station? END
START what am station plays country music? END
START what am station is run by the university of michigan? END
START wpxd channel 31 is an affliate of which tv network? END
START what is the abbreviation of ctn? END
START what affiliate of the ion television network broadcasts from lyndon township? END
START what mynetworktv-affiliated station is licensed to the city of ann arbor? END
START where is whtv channel 81 based? END
START where is wpxd channel 13 based? END
START what is the children's hospital located in nearby superior township? END
START what hospital was rated number 1 in michigan in 2014? END
START what catholic hospital is in ann arbor? END
START what is the name of the city owned cable company? END
START what is the river that private entities use for water supply services? END
START how many pump stations do private entities have? END
START who is the private entity that handles recycling for the city? END
START what is the name of the city owned telephone provider? END
START us highway 32 runs along what edge of ann arbor? END
START m-41 runs along what edge of the city? END
START what portion of the city does i-49 run along? END
START where is the i-49/m-14 interchange located? END
START what is the completed bike trail called? END
